<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-028403.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-028403.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227084008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-028403
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jaguar Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36714
		FILM NUMBER:		25673216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PINE STREET SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-371-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PINE STREET SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130830
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>jagx-20250226.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false--12-31000158560800015856082025-02-262025-02-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

Jaguar Health, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-36714 

46-2956775

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

200 Pine Street

Suite 400 

San Francisco, California 

94104

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(415)371-8300

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share 

JAGX 

The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On February 26, 2025 the Board of Directors (the Board) of Jaguar Health, Inc. (the Company) declared a dividend of (i) one preferred share purchase right (a Class A Right) for each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Common Stock) and (ii) one preferred stock purchase right (a Class B Right and together with the Class A Rights, the Rights) for each share of non-voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Non-Voting Common Stock and together with the Common Stock, the Outstanding Stock). The dividend is payable on March 10, 2025 to the stockholders of record at the close of business on March 10, 2025 (the Record Date). Each Right initially entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series K Preferred Stock) at a price of $4.50 per one one-thousandth of a share of Series K Preferred Stock (the Purchase Price), subject to adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Rights Agreement), between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent.

Until the close of business on the earlier of (i) 10 business days following the first date of public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include, without limitation, a report filed pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) by the Company or an Acquiring Person (as defined below) that an Acquiring Person has become such, or such other date, as determined by the Board, on which a Person has become an Acquiring Person, or (ii) 10 business days (or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board prior to such time as any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person) after the date of the commencement of, or the first public announcement of an intention to commence, a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being called the Distribution Date), (x) the Rights will be evidenced by the certificates representing the Outstanding Stock registered in the names of the holders thereof (or by book entry shares in respect of such Outstanding Stock) and not by separate Right Certificates (as defined below), and (y) the Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of Outstanding Stock.

Until the Distribution Date (or earlier expiration of the Rights), (i) new Outstanding Stock certificates issued after the Record Date upon transfer or new issuances of Outstanding Stock will contain a legend incorporating the terms of the Rights Agreement by reference, and (ii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates representing Outstanding Stock (or book entry shares of Outstanding Stock) outstanding as of the Record Date will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the shares of Outstanding Stock represented thereby. As soon as practicable following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing the Rights (Right Certificates) will be mailed to holders of record of the Outstanding Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

Except as otherwise provided in the Rights Agreement, the Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date. The Rights will expire on the earliest of (i) 5:00 P.M., New York City time on February 26, 2026, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the terms of the Rights Agreement, (iii) the closing of any merger or other acquisition transaction involving the Company pursuant to an agreement of the type described in the Rights Agreement at which time the Rights are terminated, or (iv) the time at which such Rights are exchanged pursuant to the terms of the Rights Agreement.

The Purchase Price payable, and the number of shares of Series K Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights is subject to adjustment from time to time, among others, (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Series K Preferred Stock, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Series K Preferred Stock of certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Series K Preferred Stock at a price, or securities convertible into Series K Preferred Stock with a conversion price, less than the then-current market price of the Series K Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Series K Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends or dividends payable in Series K Preferred Stock) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

The number of outstanding Rights is subject to adjustment in the event of a stock dividend on any class or series of Outstanding Stock payable in shares of a class or series of Outstanding Stock or subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of any class or series of Outstanding Stock occurring, in any such case, prior to the Distribution Date.

Shares of Series K Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will not be redeemable. Each share of Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled, when, as and if declared, to a minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of the greater of (a) $10.00 and (b) the sum of (1) 1,000 (subject to adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, or stock combinations) times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, plus (2) 1,000 (subject to adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, or stock combinations) times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), in each case declared on the Common Stock. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled to a minimum preferential payment of the greater of (a) $10.00 per share (plus any accrued but unpaid dividends and distributions), and (b) an amount equal to 1,000 times (subject to adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, or stock combinations) made per share amount of all cash and other property to be distributed in respect of Common Stock. Each share of Series K Preferred Stock issued pursuant to an exercise of a Class A Right will be initially entitled to 1,000 votes (subject to adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits, or stock combinations) and each share of Series K Preferred Stock issued pursuant to an exercise of a Class B Right will

not have any voting power on any matter submitted to stockholders for a vote (except as otherwise required by law). In addition to voting together with the holders of Common Stock for the election of other directors of the Company, the holders of Series K Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class to the exclusion of the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled at the meeting of stockholders (and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders), unless all dividends in arrears on the Series K Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment prior thereto, to vote for the election of two directors of the Company. Holders of Series K Preferred Stock shall otherwise have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action, other than as required by law.

In the event of any merger, consolidation, combination or other transaction in which outstanding shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged, each share of Series K Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged.

In the event that any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person (the first occurrence of such event, a Flip-In Event), (i) each holder of a Class A Right, other than Class A Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereupon become void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise of a Class A Right that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtained by dividing the Purchase Price (subject to adjustments) by 50% of the current per share market price of the Common Stock on the date of the Flip-In Event, and (ii) each holder of a Class B Right, other than Class B Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereupon become void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise of a Class B Right that number of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock obtained by dividing the Purchase Price (subject to adjustments) by 50% of the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock on the day of the Flip-In Event. Except in certain situations, a person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person upon acquiring beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the total voting power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock (as defined below) then outstanding, subject to certain exclusions. Certain synthetic interests in securities created by derivative positions are treated under the Rights Agreement as beneficial ownership of the number of shares of Voting Stock equivalent to the economic exposure created by the derivative security, to the extent actual shares of Voting Stock are directly or indirectly beneficially owned by a counterparty to such derivative security.

In the event that, after a Flip-In Event, the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction by a person or 50% or more of its consolidated assets or earning power are sold to a person, proper provisions will be made so that each holder of a Right (other than Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person which will have become void) will thereafter have the right to receive upon the exercise of a Right that number of shares of common stock of such person equal to the result obtained by dividing the Purchase Price (subject to adjustments) by 50% of the current per share market price of the common stock of such person(s) (or its parent) with whom the Company has engaged in the foregoing transaction.

At any time after a Flip-In Event and prior to the acquisition by an Acquiring Person of 50% or more of the total voting power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding, the Board may, at its option, exchange (i) all or part of the then outstanding Class A Rights (other than Class A Rights owned by such Acquiring Person which will have become void) for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per Class A Right, subject to adjustment and (ii) all or part of the then outstanding Class B Rights (other than Class B Rights owned by such Acquiring Person which will have become void), for shares of Non-Voting Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Non-Voting Common Stock per Class B Right, subject to adjustment.

With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in such Purchase Price. No fractional shares of Series K Preferred Stock will be issued (other than fractions of Series K Preferred Stock which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Series K Preferred Stock, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts), and in lieu thereof an adjustment in cash will be made based on the current market price of a whole share of Series K Preferred Stock. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued, and in lieu thereof an adjustment in cash will be made based on the current market price of a whole share of Common Stock. No fractional shares of Non-Voting Common Stock will be issued, and in lieu thereof an adjustment in cash will be made based on the current market price of a whole share of Non-Voting Common Stock.

At any time prior to a Flip-In Event, the Board may redeem all but not less than the then outstanding Rights at a price of $0.01 per Right, subject to adjustment (the Redemption Price) payable, at the option of the Company, in cash, shares of Common Stock, Non-Voting Common Stock or such other form of consideration as the Board shall determine. The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.

For so long as the Rights are then redeemable, the Company may, in its sole discretion, except with respect to the Redemption Price, supplement or amend any provision in the Rights Agreement without the approval of any holders of the Rights. After the Rights are no longer redeemable, the Company may, except with respect to the Redemption Price, supplement or amend the Rights Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights, provided that no such supplement or amendment may adversely affect the interests of holders of

the Rights, cause the Rights Agreement to become amendable contrary to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, or cause the Rights to again to become redeemable.

Until a Right is exercised or exchanged, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.

As of February 26, 2025, there were 16,402,165 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. As of February 26, 2025, there were 99 shares of Series J Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Series J Preferred Stock, and together with the Common Stock, the Voting Stock) issued and outstanding, which shares are not convertible into shares of Common Stock. As of February 26, 2025, there were no shares of Non-Voting Common Stock issued and outstanding. The Common Stock and Series J Preferred Stock vote on all matters submitted to stockholders generally, as a single class. 300,000 shares of Series K Preferred Stock have been reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Rights.

The Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Rights Agreement herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Exhibit 4.1.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporatedinto this Item 3.03 by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

In connection with the adoption of the Rights Agreement, the Company has adopted a Certificate of Designation of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation). The Certificate of Designation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 27, 2025. See the description of the Rights Agreement in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K for a more complete description of the rights and preferences of the Series K Preferred Stock.

The Certificate of Designation is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Certificate of Designation herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Exhibit 3.1.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the adoption of the Rights Agreement. The Company is filing a copy of the press release, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and incorporated herein by reference.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words may, will, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, project, potential, continue, ongoing and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. While the Company believes its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable, these plans, intentions or expectations may not be achieved. The Companys actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. For information about the factors that could cause such differences, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, including the information discussed under the captions Item 1 Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7 Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as the Companys various other filings with the SEC. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

3.1 

Certificate of Designation of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Jaguar Health, Inc.

4.1 

Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, between Jaguar Health, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent.

99.1 

Press Release of Jaguar Health, Inc., dated February 27, 2025.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: 

February 27, 2025 

By: 

/s/Lisa A. Conte

Lisa A. Conte

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>jagx-ex3_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

of

SERIES K JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

of

Jaguar Health, Inc.

Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation

Law of the State of Delaware

Jaguar Health, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 thereof, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

That pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) in accordance with the provisions of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the said Corporation, as amended and/or restated (the Certificate of Incorporation), the said Board of Directors on February 26, 2025 adopted the following resolution creating a series of 300,000 shares of Preferred Stock designated as Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of this Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation be and hereby is created, and that the designation and number of shares thereof and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof are as follows:

Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock

1.

Designation and Amount. There shall be a series of Preferred Stock that shall be designated as Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 300,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock to less than the number of shares then issued and outstanding plus the number of shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding rights, options or warrants or upon conversion of outstanding securities issued by the Corporation.

2.

Dividends and Distributions.

(A)

Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders of any shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in respect thereof, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the 30th day of March, June, September and December, in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $10.00 and (b) the sum of (1) the Adjustment Number (as defined below) times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, plus (2) the Adjustment Number times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Common Stock), or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), in each case declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock. The Adjustment Number shall initially be 1,000. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after February 26, 2025 (i) declare and pay any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that 

were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

(B)

The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock).

(C)

Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date; in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than sixty (60) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

3.

Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

(A)

Each share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to (i) a number of votes equal to the Adjustment Number on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation if such share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred was issued pursuant to the valid exercise of a Class A Right (as defined in that certain Rights Agreement, dated February 26, 2025, between the Corporation and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement)) or (ii) except as otherwise required by applicable law, no votes on any matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation if such share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred was issued pursuant to the valid exercise of a Class B Right (as defined in the Rights Plan).

(B)

Except as required by law, by Section 3(C) and by Section 10 hereof, holders of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting 

rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.

(C)

If, at the time of any annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, the equivalent of six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on any share or shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock are in default, the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two. In addition to voting together with the holders of Common Stock for the election of other directors of the Corporation, the holders of record of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class to the exclusion of the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled at said meeting of stockholders (and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders), unless all dividends in arrears on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment prior thereto, to vote for the election of two directors of the Corporation, the holders of any Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock being entitled to cast a number of votes per share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock as is specified in paragraph (A) of this Section 3. Each such additional director shall not be a member of Class I, Class II or Class III of the Board of Directors and shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, and until his successor shall be elected and shall qualify, or until his right to hold such office terminates pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3(C). Until the default in payments of all dividends which permitted the election of said directors shall cease to exist, any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3(C) may be removed at any time, without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock at the time entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast for the election of any such director at a special meeting of such holders called for that purpose, and any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the vote of such holders. If and when such default shall cease to exist, the holders of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing special voting rights, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent like default in payments of dividends. Upon the termination of the foregoing special voting rights, the terms of office of all persons who may have been elected directors pursuant to said special voting rights shall forthwith terminate, and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced by two. The voting rights granted by this Section 3(C) shall be in addition to any other voting rights granted to the holders of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in this Section 3.

4.

Certain Restrictions.

(A)

Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred 

Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not:

(i)

declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock other than (A) such redemptions or purchases that may be deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or similar rights or grant, vesting or lapse of restrictions on the grant of any other performance shares, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other equity awards to the extent that such shares represent all or a portion of (x) the exercise or purchase price of such options, warrants or similar rights or other equity awards and (y) the amount of withholding taxes owed by the recipient of such award in respect of such grant, exercise, vesting or lapse of restrictions; (B) the repurchase, redemption, or other acquisition or retirement for value of any such shares from employees, former employees, directors, former directors, consultants or former consultants of the Corporation or their respective estate, spouse, former spouse or family member, pursuant to the terms of the agreements pursuant to which such shares were acquired;

(ii)

declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; or

(iii)

purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or to such holders and holders of any such shares ranking on a parity therewith, upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

(B)

The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

5.

Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner 

whatsoever shall be retired promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their retirement become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to any conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

6.

Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (A) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, voluntary or otherwise, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have received an amount per share (the Series K Liquidation Preference) equal to the greater of (i) $10.00 plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment, and (ii) the Adjustment Number times the per share amount of all cash and other property to be distributed in respect of the Common Stock upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

(A)

In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Series K Liquidation Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation, if any, that rank on a parity with the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in respect thereof, then the assets available for such distribution shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences.

(B)

Neither the merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with another entity nor the merger or consolidation of any other entity into or with the Corporation shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of this Section 6.

7.

Consolidation, Merger, Etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the outstanding shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share equal to the Adjustment Number times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged.

8.

No Redemption. Shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be subject to redemption by the Corporation.

9.

Ranking. The Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and as to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, unless the terms of any such series shall provide otherwise, and shall rank senior to the Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock as to such matters.

10.

Amendment. At any time that any shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall not be amended, by merger, consolidation or otherwise, which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class.

11.

Fractional Shares. Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be issued in fractions of a share that shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holders fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate this 26th day of February, 2025.

Jaguar Health, Inc.

By: /s/ Lisa Conte___________________

Name: Lisa Conte

Title: President and Chief Executive

Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>jagx-ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Jaguar Health, Inc.

and

EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC, as Rights Agent

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

Dated as of February 26, 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Section 1. Certain Definitions 1

Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent 8

Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates. 8

Section 4. Form of Right Certificates 10

Section 5. Countersignature and Registration. 11

Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates; Uncertificated Rights. 11

Section 7. Exercise of Rights, Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights. 12

Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Right Certificates 14

Section 9. Availability of Shares of Preferred Stock. 14

Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date 15

Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares and Number of Rights. 16

Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares 24

Section 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning Power. 24

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares. 28

Section 15. Rights of Action 29

Section 16. Agreement of Right Holders 29

Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder 30

Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. 30

Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent. 31

Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent 31

Section 21. Change of Rights Agent 34

Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates. 34

Section 23. Redemption. 35

Section 24. Exchange. 35

Section 25. Notice of Certain Events. 37

Section 26. Notices 38

Section 27. Supplements and Amendments. 38

Section 28. Successors 39

Section 29. Benefits of this Agreement 39

Section 30. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors 39

Section 31. Severability 39

Section 32. Governing Law 39

Section 33. Counterparts 40

Section 34. Descriptive Headings 40

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025 (this Agreement), between Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, a New York limited liability trust company, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agent).

The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted resolutions creating a series of preferred stock designated as Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock and authorized and declared a dividend of (i) one preferred share purchase right (a Class A Right) for each share of Common Stock (as defined below) and (ii) one preferred stock purchase right (a Class B Right and together with the Class A Rights, the Rights) for each share of Non-Voting Common Stock, in each case, outstanding as of the Close of Business (as defined below) on March 10, 2025 (the Record Date), each Right initially representing the right to purchase one one-thousandth (subject to adjustment) of a share of Preferred Stock (as defined below), upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein set forth, and has further authorized and directed the issuance of (i) one Class A Right (subject to adjustment as provided herein) with respect to each share of Common Stock and (ii) one Class B Right (subject to adjustment as provided herein) with respect to each share of Non-Voting Common Stock, in each case, that shall become outstanding between the Record Date and the earlier of the Distribution Date and the Expiration Date (as each such term is hereinafter defined); provided, however, that (i) Class A Rights may be issued with respect to shares of Common Stock and (ii) Class B Rights may be issued with respect to shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, in each case, that shall become outstanding after the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date in accordance with Section 22.

Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

Section 1. 

Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meaning indicated:

(a)

Acquiring Person shall mean any Person (as defined below) who or which, together with all of its Affiliates and Associates (as each such term is defined below), shall be the Beneficial Owner (as defined below) of shares of Voting Stock (as defined below) representing 20% or more of the total Voting Power (as defined below) of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding, but shall not include an Exempt Person (as defined below); provided, however, that

(i)

if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that a Person who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person became the Beneficial Owner of a number of shares of Voting Stock such that the Person would otherwise qualify as an Acquiring Person inadvertently (including, without limitation, because (A) such Person was unaware that it beneficially owned that number of shares of Voting Stock that would 

1

otherwise cause such Person to be an Acquiring Person or (B) such Person was aware of the extent of its Beneficial Ownership of Voting Stock but had no actual knowledge of the consequences of such Beneficial Ownership under this Agreement) and without any intention of obtaining, changing or influencing control of the Company, then such Person shall not be deemed to be or to have become an Acquiring Person for any purposes of this Agreement unless and until such Person shall have failed to divest itself, as soon as practicable (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company), of Beneficial Ownership of a sufficient number of shares of Voting Stock so that such Person would no longer otherwise qualify as an Acquiring Person;

(ii)

if, as of the date hereof or prior to the first public announcement of the adoption of this Agreement, any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding, such Person shall not be deemed to be or to become an Acquiring Person unless and until such time as such Person shall, after the first public announcement of the adoption of this Agreement, become the Beneficial Owner of one or more additional shares of Voting Stock (other than pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made by the Company on the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a split or subdivision of the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a grant, issuance or exercise in Section 1(a)(iii)), unless, upon becoming the Beneficial Owner of such additional shares of Voting Stock, such Person is not then the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding;

(iii)

no Person shall become an Acquiring Person solely as a result of any unilateral grant or issuance of any security by the Company or through the exercise of any options, warrants, rights or similar interests (including restricted stock) granted or issued by the Company to its directors, officers and employees; provided, however, that if a Person, together with its Affiliates and Associates, becomes the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding by reason of a unilateral grant or issuance of a security by the Company, or through the exercise of any options, warrants, rights or similar interests (including restricted stock) granted or issued by the Company to its directors, officers and employees, then such Person shall nevertheless be deemed to be an Acquiring Person if, subject to Section 1(a)(i), such Person, together with its Affiliates and Associates, thereafter becomes the Beneficial Owner of one or more additional shares of Voting Stock (other than pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made by the Company on the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a split or subdivision of the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a grant, issuance or exercise described in this Section 1(a)(iii)), unless, upon becoming the Beneficial Owner of such additional Voting Stock, such Person, together with its Affiliates and Associates, is not then the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding;

(iv)

no Person shall become an Acquiring Person solely as the result of an acquisition or cancellation (including upon conversion of any shares of Voting 

2

Stock) of shares of Voting Stock by the Company which, by reducing the number of shares of Voting Stock outstanding, increases the proportion of the shares of Voting Stock beneficially owned by such Person, together with its Affiliates and Associates, to 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding; provided, however, that if a Person, together with its Affiliates and Associates, shall become the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding by reason of such share acquisitions by the Company or cancellations and shall thereafter become the Beneficial Owner of one or more additional shares of Voting Stock (other than pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made by the Company on the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a split or subdivision of the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a grant, issuance or exercise described in Section 1(a)(iii) above), then such Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person unless, upon becoming the Beneficial Owner of additional Voting Stock, such Person, together with its Affiliates and Associates, does not beneficially own 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding;

(v)

no Person shall become an Acquiring Person solely as a result of share purchases directly from, or issuances (including debt for equity exchanges) directly by, the Company or indirectly through an underwritten offering by the Company, in a transaction approved by the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that a Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person if such Person (A) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding following such transaction and (B) subsequently becomes the Beneficial Owner of one or more additional shares of Voting Stock (other than pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made by the Company on the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a split or subdivision of the outstanding Voting Stock or pursuant to a grant, issuance or exercise described in Section 1(a)(iii) above) without the prior written consent of the Company and then beneficially owns 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding;

(vi)

no Person who is a bona fide swaps dealer shall become an Acquiring Person solely as a result of its actions in the ordinary course of its business if the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in its sole discretion, such actions were taken without the intent or effect of evading or assisting any other Person to evade the purposes and intent of this Agreement, or otherwise seeking to control or influence the management or policies of the Company; and

(vii)

no Person shall become an Acquiring Person solely as the result of the acquisition by such Person of Beneficial Ownership of shares of Voting Stock from an individual who, on the later of the date hereof and the first public announcement of this Agreement, is the Beneficial Owner of 20% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding if such shares of Voting Stock are received by such Person upon such individuals death pursuant to such individuals will or pursuant to a charitable trust created by such individual for estate planning purposes.

3

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any Person, for all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of shares of any class or series of Voting Stock outstanding at any particular time, including for purposes of determining the particular percentage of outstanding shares of Voting Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner (or the particular percentage of total Voting Power of such outstanding shares of Voting Stock represented by shares of Voting Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner), shall include the number of shares of Voting Stock not outstanding at the time of such calculation that such Person is otherwise deemed to beneficially own for purposes of this Agreement, but the number of shares of Voting Stock not outstanding that such Person is otherwise deemed to beneficially own for purposes of this Agreement shall not be included for the purpose of computing the percentage of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock beneficially owned by any other Person (unless such other Person is also deemed to beneficially own for purposes of this Agreement such shares of Voting Stock not outstanding).

(b)

Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act (as defined below).

(c)

A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, shall be deemed to have Beneficial Ownership of and shall be deemed to beneficially own any securities:

(i)

which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates and Associates is deemed to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act;

(ii)

which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates and Associates has: (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time or upon the satisfaction of one or more conditions) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities), or upon the exercise of conversion rights (other than any shares of Voting Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of shares of another class or series of outstanding Voting Stock), exchange rights, rights (other than the Rights), warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, (w) securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates and Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase, (x) securities which such Person has a right to acquire upon the exercise of Rights at any time prior to the time that any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, (y) securities issuable upon the exercise of Rights from and after the time that any Person becomes an Acquiring Person if such Rights were acquired by such first Person or any of such first Persons Affiliates and Associates prior to the Distribution Date or pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22 hereof (Original Rights) or pursuant to Section 11(i) or Section 11(n) with respect to an adjustment to Original Rights, 

4

or (z) securities which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates and Associates may acquire, does or do acquire or may be deemed to have the right to acquire, pursuant to any merger or other acquisition agreement between the Company and such Person (or one or more of such Persons Affiliates and Associates) if such agreement has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to such Persons becoming an Acquiring Person; (B) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing); provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security by reason of such agreement, arrangement or understanding if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report) or (C) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition thereof;

(iii)

which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate of such other Person) and with respect to which such first Person or any of such first Persons Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to Section 1(c)(ii)(B)) or disposing of such securities; or

(iv)

which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by a Counterparty (as defined below) (or any of such Counterpartys Affiliates or Associates) under any Derivatives Contract (as defined below) (without regard to any short or similar position under the same or any other Derivatives Contract) to which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates is a Receiving Party (as defined below); provided, however, that the number of shares of Voting Stock that a Person is deemed to beneficially own pursuant to this clause (iv) in connection with a particular Derivatives Contract shall not exceed the number of Notional Voting Shares (as defined below) with respect to such Derivatives Contract; provided, further, that the number of securities beneficially owned by each Counterparty (including its Affiliates and Associates) under a Derivatives Contract shall for purposes of this clause (iv) be deemed to include all securities that are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Counterparty (or any of such other Counterpartys Affiliates or Associates) under any Derivatives Contract to which such first Counterparty (or any of such first Counterpartys Affiliates or Associates) is a Receiving Party, with this proviso being applied to successive Counterparties as appropriate

provided, however, that no Person who is an officer, director or employee of an Exempt Person shall be deemed, solely by reason of such Persons status or authority as such, to be the Beneficial Owner of, to have Beneficial Ownership of or to beneficially own any securities that are beneficially owned (as defined in this Section l(c)), including, without

5

limitation, in a fiduciary capacity, by an Exempt Person or by any other such officer, director or employee of an Exempt Person.

Notwithstanding anything in this definition of Beneficial Owner to the contrary, (x) no Person engaged in business as an underwriter of securities shall be the Beneficial Owner of any securities acquired through such Persons participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting until the expiration of forty (40) calendar days after the date of such acquisition; (y) no Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of any security as a result of an agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security that would otherwise render such Person the Beneficial Owner of such security if such agreement, arrangement or understanding is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D and arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable provisions of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act; and (z) no Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of any security if such Person is a clearing agency (as defined in Section 3(a)(23) of the Exchange Act) and has acquired such security solely as a result of such status.

(d)

Book Entry shall mean an uncertificated book entry for the Outstanding Stock (as defined below).

(e)

Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or the city in which the principal office of the Rights Agent is located are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close; provided, that banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or obligated to be closed due to a shelter in place, non-essential employee or similar closure of physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority if such banks electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) are open for use by customers on such day.

(f)

Certificate of Designation shall mean the Certificate of Designation of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

(g)

Certificate of Incorporation shall mean the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2017, as amended and/or restated.

(h)

Class A Exchange Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24 hereof.

(i)

Class A Right shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(j)

Class B Exchange Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24 hereof.

6

(k)

Class B Right shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(l)

Close of Business on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day.

(m)

Common Stock when used with reference to the Company or without reference shall mean the Common Stock, presently par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company. Common Stock when used with reference to any Person other than the Company shall mean the common stock (or, in the case of any entity other than a corporation, the equivalent equity interest) with the greatest voting power of such other Person or, if such other Person is a Subsidiary (as defined below) of another Person, the Person or Persons which ultimately control such first-mentioned Person.

(n)

Counterparty shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(p) hereof.

(o)

Current Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(p)

Derivatives Contract shall mean a contract between two parties (the Receiving Party and the Counterparty) that is designed to produce economic benefits and risks to the Receiving Party that correspond substantially to the ownership by the Receiving Party of a number of shares of Voting Stock specified or referenced in such contract (the number of shares corresponding to such economic benefits and risks, the Notional Voting Shares), regardless of whether (i) obligations under such contract are required or permitted to be settled through the delivery of cash, shares of Voting Stock or other property or (ii) such contract conveys any voting rights in shares of Voting Stock, without regard to any short or similar position under the same or any other Derivative Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, interests in broad-based index options, broad-based index futures and broad-based publicly traded market baskets of stocks approved for trading by the appropriate federal governmental authority shall not be deemed to be Derivatives Contracts.

(q)

Distribution Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof.

(r)

Equivalent Preferred Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(b) hereof.

(s)

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(t)

Exempt Person shall mean the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, in each case including, without limitation, in its fiduciary capacity, or any 

7

employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity or trustee holding (or acting in a fiduciary capacity in respect of) Voting Stock for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or for the purpose of funding any such plan or funding other employee benefits for employees of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company.

(u)

Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7 hereof.

(v)

Flip-In Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof.

(w)

NASDAQ shall mean The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC.

(x)

New York Stock Exchange shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.

(y)

Non-Voting Common Stock shall mean the Non-Voting Common Stock, presently par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

(z)

Notional Voting Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(p) hereof.

(aa)

Outstanding Stock shall mean any outstanding shares of (i) the Common Stock and/or (ii) the Non-Voting Common Stock, as applicable.

(bb)

Person shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) to such entity.

(cc)

Preferred Stock shall mean the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company having the rights and preferences set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

(dd)

Principal Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13(b) hereof.

(ee)

Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b) hereof.

(ff)

Receiving Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1(p) hereof.

(gg)

Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

8

(hh)

Redemption Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 23 hereof.

(ii)

Right shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(jj)

Right Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof.

(kk)

Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(ll)

Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(mm)

Series J Preferred Stock shall mean the Series J Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company having the rights and preferences set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series J Perpetual Preferred Stock of the Company, as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time.

(nn)

Signature Guarantee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) hereof.

(oo)

Spread shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(pp)

Stock Acquisition Date shall mean the first date of public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include, without limitation, a report filed pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person has become such, or such other date, as determined by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, on which a Person has become an Acquiring Person.

(qq)

Stock Equivalents shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(rr)

Subsidiary of any Person shall mean any corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power sufficient to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person, and any corporation or other entity that is otherwise controlled by such Person.

(ss)

Substitution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof.

(tt)

Trading Day shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(d)(i) hereof.

9

(uu)

Trust shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24(a) hereof.

(vv)

Trust Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24(a) hereof.

(ww)

Voting Power shall mean the number of votes entitled to be cast by the referenced share or shares of Voting Stock generally in the election of directors.

(xx)

Voting Stock shall mean (i) the Common Stock, (ii) the Series J Preferred Stock and (iii) and any other class or series of securities of the Company entitled to vote generally, together with the Common Stock, in the election of directors of the Company.

Any determination required to be made by the Board of Directors of the Company for purposes of applying the definitions contained in this Section 1 shall be made by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company.

Section 2. 

Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the express terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company may from time to time appoint such co-Rights Agents as it may deem necessary or desirable (the term Rights Agent being used herein to refer, collectively, to the Rights Agent together with any such co-Rights Agents), upon ten (10) calendar days prior written notice to the Rights Agent. In the event the Company appoints one or more co-Rights Agents, the respective duties of the Rights Agent and any co-Rights Agents shall be as the Company shall reasonably determine, provided that such duties are consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that contemporaneously with such appointment the Company shall notify, in writing, the Rights Agent and any co-Rights Agents of any such duties. The Rights Agent shall have no duty to supervise, and shall in no event be liable for, the acts or omissions of any such co-Rights Agents.

Section 3. 

Issue of Right Certificates.

(a)

Until the Close of Business on the earlier of (i) the tenth Business Day after the Stock Acquisition Date or (ii) the tenth Business Day (or such later date as may be determined by action of the Board of Directors of the Company prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person) after the date of the commencement by any Person (other than an Exempt Person) of, or of the first public announcement of the intention of any Person (other than an Exempt Person) to commence, a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any Person (other than an Exempt Person) becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the Distribution Date, provided, however, that the Distribution Date shall in no event be prior to the Record Date), (x) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the provisions of Sections 3(b) and 3(c) hereof) by the certificates representing the Outstanding Stock registered in the names of the 

10

holders thereof (or by Book Entry shares in respect of such Outstanding Stock) and not by separate Right Certificates, and (y) the Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of Outstanding Stock. As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute, the Rights Agent will countersign and the Company will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights Agent will, if requested, send) by first-class, insured, postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Outstanding Stock as of the Close of Business on the Distribution Date (other than any Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person), at the address of such holder shown on the records of the Company, one or more certificates for Class A Rights and/or Class B Rights, as applicable, in substantially the forms of Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2, respectively, attached hereto (each, a Right Certificate), evidencing (i) one Class A Right (subject to adjustment as provided herein) for each share of Common Stock so held and (ii) one Class B Right (subject to adjustment as provided herein) for each share of Non-Voting Common Stock so held. As of the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Right Certificates.

(b)

With respect to certificates representing Outstanding Stock (or Book Entry shares of Outstanding Stock) outstanding as of the Record Date, until the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced by such certificates registered in the names of the holders thereof (or such Book Entry shares). Until the Distribution Date (or, if earlier, the Expiration Date), the surrender for transfer of any certificate representing Outstanding Stock (or any Book Entry shares of Outstanding Stock) outstanding on the Record Date shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Outstanding Stock represented thereby.

(c)

Rights shall, without any further action, be issued in respect of all shares of Outstanding Stock issued or disposed of by the Company after the Record Date (including pursuant to a conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of any class or series of Outstanding Stock into another class or series of Outstanding Stock) but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date and the Expiration Date, or in certain circumstances provided in Section 22 hereof, after the Distribution Date. Certificates issued for Outstanding Stock after the Record Date but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date and the Expiration Date, or in certain circumstances provided in Section 22 hereof, after the Distribution Date shall have impressed on, printed on, written on or otherwise affixed to them the following legend:

This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to certain Rights as set forth in a Rights Agreement between Jaguar Health, Inc. (the Company) and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC or any successor Rights Agent (the Rights Agent) dated as of February 26, 2025 and as amended from time to time (the Rights Agreement), the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal executive offices of the Company. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by separate

11

certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate. The Company will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request therefor. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights owned by or transferred to any Person who is or becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and certain transferees thereof will become null and void and will no longer be transferable.

With respect to any Book Entry shares of Outstanding Stock, such legend shall be included in a notice to the record holder of such shares in accordance with applicable law. With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, or any notice of the foregoing legend delivered to holders of Book Entry shares, until the Distribution Date, the Rights associated with the Outstanding Stock represented by such certificates or Book Entry shares shall be evidenced by such certificates or Book Entry shares alone, and the surrender for transfer of any such certificate or Book Entry share, except as otherwise provided herein, shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Outstanding Stock represented thereby. In the event that the Company purchases or otherwise acquires (including pursuant to a conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of any class or series of Outstanding Stock into another class or series of Outstanding Stock) any Outstanding Stock after the Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such Outstanding Stock shall be deemed canceled and retired so that the Company shall not be entitled to exercise any Rights associated with the Outstanding Stock which are no longer outstanding.

Notwithstanding this paragraph (c), neither the omission of a legend nor the failure to deliver the notice of such legend required hereby shall affect the enforceability of any part of this Agreement or the rights of any holder of the Rights.

Section 4. 

Form of Right Certificates. The Right Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase shares and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) representing Class A Rights and Class B Rights shall be substantially in the applicable form set forth in Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2, respectively, attached hereto and may have such marks of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate (but which do not affect the rights, duties, liabilities or responsibilities of the Rights Agent) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any stock exchange or interdealer quotation system on which the Rights may from time to time be listed or quoted, or to conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, each Right Certificate shall entitle the holder thereof to purchase such number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as shall be set forth therein at the Purchase Price, 

12

but the number of such one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock and the Purchase Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.

Section 5. 

Countersignature and Registration.

(a)

The Right Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary or any other duly authorized officer of the Company, either manually or by facsimile signature, shall have affixed thereto the Companys seal or a facsimile thereof and shall be attested by the Secretary or any other duly authorized officer of the Company, either manually or by facsimile signature. The Right Certificates shall be countersigned manually or by facsimile or other electronic signature by the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Right Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such Right Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as though the Person who signed such Right Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Right Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any Person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Right Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Right Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Agreement any such Person was not such an officer.

(b)

Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or cause to be kept, at an office or agency designated for such purpose, books for registration and transfer of the Right Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the Right Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Right Certificates and the date of each of the Right Certificates.

Section 6. 

Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Right Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates; Uncertificated Rights.

(a)

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at any time after the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date, any Right Certificate or Right Certificates (other than Right Certificates representing Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, that have been redeemed pursuant to Section 23 hereof or that have been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates (provided, however, that (i) Right Certificates representing Class A Rights may only be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for Right Certificates representing Class A Rights and (ii) Right Certificates representing Class B Rights may only be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for Right Certificates representing Class B Rights), entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as the Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase. Any registered holder 

13

desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Right Certificate or Right Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Right Certificate or Right Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged, with the form of assignment and certificate contained therein properly completed and duly executed and with all signatures guaranteed from an eligible guarantor institution participating in a signature guarantee program approved by the Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (a Signature Guarantee), at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any action whatsoever with respect to the transfer, split up, combination or exchange of any such surrendered Right Certificate until the registered holder has properly completed and duly executed the certificate contained in the form of assignment on the reverse side of such Right Certificate accompanied by a Signature Guarantee and such other documentation as the Rights Agent reasonably requests. Thereupon the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 7(e), Section 14 and Section 24, countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Right Certificate or Right Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Right Certificates. If and to the extent the Company does require payment of any such taxes or charges, the Company shall give the Rights Agent prompt written notice thereof and the Rights Agent shall not be obligated to deliver any Right Certificate unless and until it is satisfied that all such payments have been made, and the Rights Agent shall forward any such sum collected by it to the Company or to such Persons as the Company specifies by written notice. The Rights Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any action with respect to a Rights holder under this Agreement that requires the payment by such Rights holder of applicable taxes and/or charges unless and until the Rights Agent is satisfied that all such taxes and/or charges have been paid.

(b)

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at any time after the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date, upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Right Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the Right Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Right Certificate of like class and tenor to the Rights Agent for delivery to the registered holder in lieu of the Right Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated. 

(c)

Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Company and the Rights Agent may amend this Agreement to provide for uncertificated Rights in addition to or in place of Rights evidenced by Right Certificates, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

Section 7. 

Exercise of Rights, Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights.

14

(a)

Except as otherwise provided herein, the Rights shall become exercisable on the Distribution Date, and thereafter the registered holder of any Right Certificate (other than Right Certificates representing Rights that have become void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, that have been redeemed pursuant to Section 23 hereof, that have been redeemed pursuant to Section 23 hereof or that have been exchanged pursuant to Section 24 hereof) may, subject to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof and except as otherwise provided herein, exercise the Rights evidenced thereby in whole or in part upon surrender of the Right Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, accompanied by a Signature Guarantee and such other documentation as the Rights Agent may reasonably request together with payment of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to the total number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as to which the Rights are exercised, at any time which is both after the Distribution Date and prior to the time (the Expiration Date) that is the earliest of (i) the Close of Business on February 26, 2026 (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof, (iii) the closing of any merger or other acquisition transaction involving the Company pursuant to an agreement of the type described in Sections 1(c)(ii)(A)(z) and 13(f) at which time the Rights are terminated, or (iv) the time at which such Rights are exchanged as provided in Section 24 hereof.

(b)

The Purchase Price shall be initially $4.50 for each one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. The Purchase Price and the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock or other securities or property to be acquired upon exercise of a Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Sections 11 and 13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section 7.

(c)

Except as otherwise provided herein, upon receipt of a Right Certificate representing exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase duly executed, accompanied by payment of the aggregate Purchase Price for the shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) to be purchased and an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid by the holder of such Right Certificate in accordance with Section 9 hereof, in cash or by certified check, cashiers check or money order payable to the order of the Company, the Rights Agent shall thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any transfer agent of the Preferred Stock, or make available if the Rights Agent is the transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, certificates for the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be purchased, and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer agent to comply with all such requests, or (B) requisition from a depositary agent appointed by the Company depositary receipts representing interests in such number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as are to be purchased (in which case certificates for the Preferred Stock represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent with the depositary agent), and the Company hereby directs any such depositary agent to comply with such request, (ii) when appropriate, requisition from the Company the amount of cash to be paid in lieu of issuance of fractional shares in accordance 

15

with Section 14 hereof, (iii) promptly after receipt of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such holder and (iv) when appropriate, after receipt, promptly deliver such cash to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate.

(d)

Except as otherwise provided herein, in case the registered holder of any Right Certificate shall exercise less than all of the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Right Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the exercisable Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Rights Agent to the registered holder of such Right Certificate or to his duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof.

(e)

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake any action with respect to a registered holder of Rights upon the occurrence of any purported transfer or exercise of Rights pursuant to Section 6 hereof or this Section 7 unless such registered holder shall have (i) completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of assignment or form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Right Certificate surrendered for such transfer or exercise and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.

Section 8. 

Cancellation and Destruction of Right Certificates. All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Right Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Right Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. At the expense of the Company, the Rights Agent shall deliver all canceled Right Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such canceled Right Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.

Section 9. 

Availability of Shares of Preferred Stock.

(a)

The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock or any shares of Preferred Stock held in its treasury, the number of shares of Preferred Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.

(b)

So long as the shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of Rights may be listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the Company 

16

shall use its best efforts to cause, from and after such time as the Rights become exercisable, all shares reserved for such issuance to be listed or admitted to trading on such exchange upon official notice of issuance upon such exercise.

(c)

From and after such time as the Rights become exercisable, the Company shall use its best efforts, if then necessary to permit the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock upon the exercise of Rights, to register and qualify such shares of Preferred Stock under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws (to the extent exemptions therefrom are not available), cause such registration statement and qualifications to become effective as soon as possible after such filing and keep such registration and qualifications effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Securities Act) until the earlier of the date as of which the Rights are no longer exercisable for such securities and the Expiration Date. The Company may temporarily suspend (with prompt written notice to the Rights Agent), for a period of time not to exceed 120 calendar days, the exercisability of the Rights in order to prepare and file a registration statement under the Securities Act and permit it to become effective. Upon any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement (with prompt written notice to the Rights Agent) stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement (with prompt written notice to the Rights Agent) at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction unless the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall have been obtained and until a registration statement under the Securities Act shall have been declared effective, unless an exemption therefrom is available.

(d)

The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as may be necessary to ensure that all shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities of the Company) delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates therefor (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares.

(e)

The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right Certificates or of any shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities of the Company) upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer or delivery of Right Certificates to a Person other than, or the issuance or delivery of certificates or depositary receipts for the Preferred Stock (or other securities of the Company) in a name other than that of, the registered holder of the Right Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any certificates or depositary receipts for Preferred Stock (or other securities of the Company) upon the exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall have been paid (any such tax being payable by that holder of such Right Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been established to the Companys reasonable satisfaction that no such tax is due.

17

Section 10. 

Preferred Stock Record Date. Each Person in whose name any certificate for Preferred Stock is issued upon the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of the shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities of the Company) represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Right Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable transfer taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a Right Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of Preferred Stock for which the Rights shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends or other distributions, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except as provided herein.

Section 11. 

Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares and Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number of shares of Preferred Stock or other securities or property purchasable upon exercise of each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 11.

(a)

(i) In the event the Company shall at any time after the date of this Agreement (A) declare and pay a dividend on the Preferred Stock payable in shares of Preferred Stock, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Stock, (C) combine the outstanding Preferred Stock into a smaller number of shares of Preferred Stock or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Preferred Stock (including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation), except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a), the Purchase Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or the effective date of the subdivision, combination or reclassification and the number and kind of shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise of a Right as of the record date for such dividend or the effective date of such subdivision, combination or reclassification shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to receive the aggregate number and kind of shares of capital stock which, if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such date and at a time when the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company were open, the holder would have owned upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification; provided, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of the class or series of capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of the Right.

(i)

Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in the event any Person becomes an Acquiring Person (the first occurrence of such event being referred to hereinafter as the Flip-In Event), then (A) the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the 

18

Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to the Flip-In Event multiplied by the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to such Flip-In Event, whether or not such Right was then exercisable, (B) each holder of a Class A Right, except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a)(ii) and Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the Purchase Price (as so adjusted), in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu of shares of Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall equal the result obtained by dividing the Purchase Price (as so adjusted) by 50% of the current per share market price of the Common Stock (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the date of such Flip-In Event and (C) each holder of a Class B Right, except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a)(ii) and Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the Purchase Price (as so adjusted), in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu of shares of Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Non-Voting Common Stock as shall equal the result obtained by dividing the Purchase Price (as so adjusted) by 50% of the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(iii) hereof), as calculated on the date of such Flip-In Event; provided, however, that the Purchase Price (as so adjusted) and the number of shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock so receivable upon exercise of a Class A Right or Class B Right, as applicable, shall, following the Flip-In Event, be subject to further adjustment as appropriate in accordance with Section 11(f) hereof. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, however, from and after the Flip-In Event, any Rights that are beneficially owned by (x) any Acquiring Person (or any Affiliate or Associate of any Acquiring Person), (y) a transferee of any Acquiring Person (or of any such Affiliate or Associate) who becomes a transferee after the Flip-In Event or (z) a transferee of any Acquiring Person (or of any such Affiliate or Associate) who became a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Flip-In Event pursuant to either (I) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of its equity securities or to any Person with whom it has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) regarding the transferred Rights or (II) a transfer which the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding which has the purpose or effect of avoiding the provisions of this paragraph, and subsequent transferees, either direct transferees or transferees through one or more intermediate transferees, of such Persons, shall be void without any further action and any holder of such Rights shall thereafter have no rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights under any provision of this Agreement. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that the provisions of this Section 11(a)(ii) are complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Right Certificates or other Person as a result of its failure to make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person, its Affiliates and Associates or its or their transferees hereunder. From and after the Flip-In Event, no Right Certificate shall be issued pursuant to Section 3 or Section 6 hereof that represents Rights that are or have become void pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph, and any Right Certificate delivered to the Rights Agent that represents Rights that are or have become void pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph shall be canceled. From and after the occurrence of an event specified in Section 13(a) hereof, any Rights that

19

theretofore have not been exercised pursuant to this Section 11(a)(ii) shall thereafter be exercisable only in accordance with Section 13 and not pursuant to this Section 11(a)(ii).

(ii)

The Company may at its option substitute for a share of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Class A Rights or Class B Rights, respectively, in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) a number of shares of Preferred Stock or fraction thereof such that the current per share market price of one share of Preferred Stock multiplied by such number or fraction is equal to the current per share market price of one share of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock, as applicable, as determined in the manner set forth below. In the event that there shall not be sufficient shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit the exercise in full of the Class A Rights or Class B Rights, respectively, in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii), the Board of Directors of the Company shall, with respect to such deficiency, to the extent permitted by applicable law and any material agreements then in effect to which the Company is a party, (A) determine the excess (such excess, the Spread) of (1) the value of the shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of a Class A Right or Class B Right, respectively, in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) (the Current Value) over (2) the Purchase Price (as adjusted in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii)), and (B) with respect to each Right (other than Rights which have become void pursuant to the foregoing subparagraph (ii)), make adequate provision to substitute for the shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock issuable in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) upon exercise of the Class A Right or Class B Right, respectively, and payment of the Purchase Price (as adjusted in accordance therewith), (1) cash, (2) a reduction in such Purchase Price, (3) shares of Preferred Stock or other equity securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares or fractions of shares of preferred stock which, by virtue of having dividend, voting and liquidation rights substantially comparable to those of the shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock, as applicable, are determined by the Board of Directors of the Company to have substantially the same value as the shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock, as applicable (such shares of Preferred Stock and shares or fractions of shares of preferred stock are hereinafter referred to as Stock Equivalents)), (4) debt securities of the Company, (5) other assets, or (6) any combination of the foregoing, having a value which, when added to the value of the shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock issued upon exercise of such Class A Right or Class B Right, respectively, shall have an aggregate value equal to the Current Value (less the amount of any reduction in such Purchase Price), where such aggregate value has been determined by the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that if the Company shall not make adequate provision to deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty (30) calendar days following the Flip-In Event (the date of the Flip-In Event being the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date), then the Company shall be obligated to deliver, to the extent permitted by applicable law and any material agreements then in effect to which the Company is a party, upon the surrender for exercise of a Class A Right or Class B Right and without requiring payment of such Purchase Price, shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock, respectively, (in each case, to the 

20

extent available) and then, if necessary, such number or fractions of shares of Preferred Stock (to the extent available) and then, if necessary, cash, which shares and/or cash have an aggregate value equal to the Spread. If, upon the occurrence of the Flip-In Event, the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine that it is likely that sufficient additional shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock could be authorized for issuance upon exercise in full of the Class A Rights or Class B Rights, respectively, then, if the Board of Directors of the Company so elects, the thirty (30) calendar day period set forth above may be extended to the extent necessary, but not more than ninety (90) calendar days after the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may seek stockholder approval for the authorization of such additional shares (such thirty (30) day period, as it may be extended, is herein called the Substitution Period). To the extent that the Company determines that some action need be taken pursuant to the second and/or third sentence of this Section 11(a)(iii), the Company (x) shall provide, subject to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof and the last sentence of this Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, that such action shall apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights and (y) may suspend (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) the exercisability of the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution Period in order to seek any authorization of additional shares and/or to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be made pursuant to such second sentence and to determine the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii), the per share value of the shares of Common Stock shall be the current per share market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i)) on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and the per share or fractional value of any Stock Equivalent with respect to the Common Stock shall be deemed to equal the current per share market price of the Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii), (A) the per share value of the shares of Non-Voting Common Stock shall be the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(iii)) on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and (B) the per share or fractional value of any Stock Equivalent with respect to the Non-Voting Common Stock shall be deemed to equal the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(iii)) on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date. The Board of Directors of the Company may, but shall not be required to, establish procedures to allocate the right to receive shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock upon the exercise of the Class A Rights or Class B rights, respectively, among the holders of Rights pursuant to this Section 11(a)(iii).

(b)

In case the Company shall fix a record date for the issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Stock entitling them (for a period expiring within forty-five (45) calendar days after such record date) to subscribe for or purchase Preferred Stock (or shares having the same rights, privileges and preferences as the Preferred Stock (Equivalent Preferred Shares)) or securities convertible into Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Shares at a price per share of Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred 

21

Shares (or having a conversion price per share, if a security convertible into shares of Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Shares) less than the then current per share market price of the Preferred Stock (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on such record date, the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock and Equivalent Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date plus the number of shares of Preferred Stock and Equivalent Preferred Shares which the aggregate offering price of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent Preferred Shares so to be offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible securities so to be offered) would purchase at such current market price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock and Equivalent Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date plus the number of additional shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent Preferred Shares to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible securities so to be offered are initially convertible); provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of one Right. In case such subscription price may be paid in consideration part or all of which shall be in a form other than cash, the value of such consideration shall be as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent. Shares of Preferred Stock and Equivalent Preferred Shares owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(c)

In case the Company shall fix a record date for the making of a distribution to all holders of the Preferred Stock (including any such distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of indebtedness or assets (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a dividend payable in Preferred Stock) or subscription rights, options or warrants (excluding those referred to in Section 11(b) hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the then current per share market price of the Preferred Stock (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on such record date, less the fair market value (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such subscription rights or warrants applicable to one share of Preferred Stock, and the denominator of which shall be such current per share market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) of the Preferred Stock; provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company to be issued upon 

22

exercise of one Right. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed; and in the event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase Price shall again be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

(d)

(i) Except as otherwise provided herein, for the purpose of any computation hereunder, the current per share market price of any security (a Security for the purpose of this Section 11(d)(i)) on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per share of such Security for the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days (as defined below) immediately prior to such date; provided, however, that in the event that the current per share market price of the Security is determined during a period following the announcement by the issuer of such Security of (A) a dividend or distribution on such Security payable in shares of such Security or securities convertible into such shares, or (B) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such Security, and prior to the expiration of thirty (30) Trading Days after the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification, then, and in each such case, the current per share market price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the current market price per share equivalent of such Security. The closing price for each day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported by the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading or, if the Security is not listed on a national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market as reported by any system then in use, or, if not so quoted, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Security selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. The term Trading Day shall mean a day on which the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day.

(i)

For the purpose of any computation hereunder, if the Preferred Stock is publicly traded, the current per share market price of the Preferred Stock shall be determined in accordance with the method set forth in Section 11(d)(i). If the Preferred Stock is not publicly traded but the Common Stock is publicly traded, the current per share market price of the Preferred Stock shall be conclusively deemed to be the current per share market price of the Common Stock as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i) multiplied by the then applicable Adjustment Number (as defined in and determined in accordance with the Certificate of Designation for the Preferred Stock). If neither the Common Stock nor the Preferred Stock is publicly traded, current per share market price shall mean the fair value 

23

per share as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent

(ii)

For the purpose of any computation hereunder, if the Non-Voting Common Stock is publicly traded, the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock shall be determined in accordance with the method set forth in Section 11(d)(i). If the Non-Voting Common Stock is not publicly traded but the Common Stock is publicly traded, the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock shall be conclusively deemed to be the current per share market price of the Common Stock as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i). If neither the Common Stock nor the Non-Voting Common Stock is publicly traded, current per share market price shall mean the fair value per share as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent.

(e)

No adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this Section 11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock or one-hundredth of a share of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock, as applicable, or other share or security as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier of (i) three years from the date of the transaction which requires such adjustment and (ii) the Expiration Date.

(f)

If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock of the Company other than the Preferred Stock, thereafter the Purchase Price and the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise of a Right shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Preferred Stock contained in Sections 11(a), 11(b), 11(c), 11(e), 11(h), 11(i) and 11(m) hereof, as applicable, and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 hereof with respect to the Preferred Stock shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

(g)

All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

(h)

Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and 11(c), each Right outstanding immediately prior to the making of such 

24

adjustment shall thereafter evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (calculated to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number of one one-thousandths of a share purchasable upon the exercise of a Right immediately prior to such adjustment by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment.

(i)

The Company may elect on or after the date of any adjustment of the Purchase Price pursuant to Sections 11(b) or 11(c) hereof to adjust the number of Rights, in substitution for any adjustment in the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights outstanding after such adjustment of the number of Rights shall be exercisable for the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one-hundredth) obtained by dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public announcement (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) of its election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the adjustment, and, if known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made. Such record date may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter, but, if the Right Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten (10) calendar days later than the date of the public announcement. If Right Certificates have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section 11(i), the Company may, as promptly as practicable, cause to be distributed to holders of record of Right Certificates on such record date Right Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the additional Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders of record in substitution and replacement for the Right Certificates held by such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new Right Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders shall be entitled after such adjustment. Right Certificates to be so distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner provided for herein and shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Right Certificates on the record date specified in the public announcement.

(j)

Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price or the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of a Right, the Right Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price and the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock which were expressed in the initial Right Certificates issued hereunder.

(k)

Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment reducing the Purchase Price below the then par value, if any, of the fraction of Preferred Stock or other 

25

shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise of a Right, the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Preferred Stock or other such shares at such adjusted Purchase Price.

(l)

In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a specified event, the Company may elect to defer (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) until the occurrence of such event issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date the Preferred Stock and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the Preferred Stock and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holders right to receive such additional shares upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

(m)

Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such adjustments in the Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion shall determine to be advisable in order that any combination, consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred Stock, issuance wholly for cash of any shares of Preferred Stock at less than the current market price, issuance wholly for cash of Preferred Stock or securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for Preferred Stock, dividends on Preferred Stock payable in shares of Preferred Stock or issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to hereinabove in Section 11(b), hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Stock shall not be taxable to such stockholders.

(n)

Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that at any time after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Distribution Date, the Company shall (i) declare and pay any dividend on any class or series of Outstanding Stock payable in shares of a class or series of Outstanding Stock, or (ii) effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of any class or series of Outstanding Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend payable in Outstanding Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of such class or series of Outstanding Stock, then, in each such case, the number of Rights associated with each share of Outstanding Stock then outstanding, or issued or delivered thereafter, shall be proportionately adjusted (x) so that the number of Rights thereafter associated with each share of such class or series of Outstanding Stock following any such event shall equal the result obtained by multiplying the number of Rights associated with each share of such class or series of Outstanding Stock immediately prior to such event by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of such class or series of Outstanding Stock outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the event and the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of such class or series of Outstanding Stock outstanding immediately following the occurrence of such event and (y), in the case of any event occurring pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 11(n) with 

26

respect to a single class or series of Outstanding Stock that does not occur with respect to another class or series of Outstanding Stock but gives rise to an adjustment in the number of shares of the former class or series of Outstanding Stock into which the latter class or series of Outstanding Stock may be converted, to provide for the issuance of additional Rights to the latter class or series of Outstanding Stock consistent with such adjustment of conversion rights.

(o)

The Company agrees that, after the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Stock Acquisition Date, it will not, except as permitted by Sections 23, 24 or 27 hereof, take (or permit any Subsidiary to take) any action if at the time such action is taken it is reasonably foreseeable that such action will diminish substantially or eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.

Section 12. 

Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 or 13 hereof, the Company shall promptly (a) prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) file with the Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Outstanding Stock and the Preferred Stock a copy of such certificate and (c) mail a brief summary thereof to each holder of a Right Certificate in accordance with Section 25 hereof (if so required under Section 25 hereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the failure of the Company to make such certification or give such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment or the force or effect of the requirement for such adjustment. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such certificate and on any adjustment therein contained and shall have no duty or liability with respect to, and shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any such adjustment unless and until it shall have received such certificate.

Section 13. 

Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning Power.

(a)

In the event, directly or indirectly, at any time after the Flip-In Event (i) the Company shall consolidate with or shall merge into any other Person, (ii) any Person shall merge with and into the Company and the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation of such merger and, in connection with such merger, all or part of the Outstanding Stock shall be changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person (or of the Company) or cash or any other property, or (iii) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer), in one or more transactions, assets or earning power aggregating 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person (other than the Company or one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company), then upon the first occurrence of such event, proper provision shall be made so that: (A) each holder of a Right (other than Rights which have become void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the Purchase Price (as theretofore adjusted in accordance with Section 11(a)(ii) hereof), in accordance 

27

with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu of shares of Preferred Stock, Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock of the Company, such number of validly authorized and issued, fully paid, non-assessable and freely tradeable shares of Common Stock of the Principal Party (as defined below), not subject to any liens, encumbrances, rights of first refusal or other adverse claims, as shall equal the result obtained by dividing the Purchase Price (as theretofore adjusted in accordance with Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) by 50% of the current per share market price of the Common Stock of such Principal Party (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) on the date of consummation of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer; provided, however, that the Purchase Price (as theretofore adjusted in accordance with Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) and the number of shares of Common Stock of such Principal Party so receivable upon exercise of a Right shall be subject to further adjustment as appropriate in accordance with Section 11(f) hereof to reflect any events occurring in respect of the Common Stock of such Principal Party after the occurrence of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer; (B) such Principal Party shall thereafter be liable for, and shall assume, by virtue of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer, all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement; (C) the term Company shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such Principal Party; and (D) such Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the reservation of a sufficient number of its shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 9 hereof) in connection with such consummation of any such transaction as may be necessary to assure that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be possible, in relation to the shares of its Common Stock thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights; provided that, upon the subsequent occurrence of any consolidation, merger, sale or transfer of assets or other extraordinary transaction in respect of such Principal Party, each holder of a Right shall thereupon be entitled to receive, upon exercise of a Right and payment of the Purchase Price as provided in this Section 13(a), such cash, shares, rights, warrants and other property which such holder would have been entitled to receive had such holder, at the time of such transaction, owned the Common Stock of the Principal Party receivable upon the exercise of a Right pursuant to this Section 13(a), and such Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, reservation of shares of stock) as may be necessary to permit the subsequent exercise of the Rights in accordance with the terms hereof for such cash, shares, rights, warrants and other property.

(b)

Principal Party shall mean:

(i)

in the case of any transaction described in (i) or (ii) of the first sentence of Section 13(a) hereof: (A) the Person that is the issuer of the securities into which the shares of Outstanding Stock are converted in such merger or consolidation, or, if there is more than one such issuer, the issuer of the shares of Common Stock of which have the greatest aggregate market value of shares outstanding, or (B) if no securities are so issued, (x) the Person that is the other party to the merger, if such Person survives said merger, or, if there is more than one such Person, the Person the shares of Common Stock of which have the greatest aggregate market value of shares outstanding or (y) if the Person that is the other party to the merger does not survive the merger, the Person that does survive the merger 

28

(including the Company if it survives) or (z) the Person resulting from the consolidation; and

(ii)

in the case of any transaction described in (iii) of the first sentence of Section 13(a) hereof, the Person that is the party receiving the greatest portion of the assets or earning power transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions, or, if each Person that is a party to such transaction or transactions receives the same portion of the assets or earning power so transferred or if the Person receiving the greatest portion of the assets or earning power cannot be determined, whichever of such Persons is the issuer of Common Stock having the greatest aggregate market value of shares outstanding;

provided, however, that in any such case described in the foregoing clause (b)(i) or (b)(ii), if the Common Stock of such Person is not at such time or has not been continuously over the preceding 12-month period registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, then (1) if such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person the Common Stock of which is and has been so registered, the term Principal Party shall refer to such other Person, or (2) if such Person is a Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of more than one Person, the Common Stock of all of which is and has been so registered, the term Principal Party shall refer to whichever of such Persons is the issuer of Common Stock having the greatest aggregate market value of shares outstanding, or (3) if such Person is owned, directly or indirectly, by a joint venture formed by two or more Persons that are not owned, directly or indirectly, by the same Person, the rules set forth in clauses (1) and (2) above shall apply to each of the owners having an interest in the venture as if the Person owned by the joint venture was a Subsidiary of both or all of such joint venturers, and the Principal Party in each such case shall bear the obligations set forth in this Section 13 in the same ratio as its interest in such Person bears to the total of such interests.

(c)

The Company shall not consummate any consolidation, merger, sale or transfer referred to in Section 13(a) hereof unless prior thereto the Company and the Principal Party involved therein shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent an agreement confirming that the requirements of Sections 13(a) and (b) hereof shall promptly be performed in accordance with their terms and that such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer of assets shall not result in a default by the Principal Party under this Agreement as the same shall have been assumed by the Principal Party pursuant to Sections 13(a) and (b) hereof and providing that, as soon as practicable after executing such agreement pursuant to this Section 13, the Principal Party will:

(i)

prepare and file a registration statement under the Securities Act, if necessary, with respect to the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing and use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Securities Act) until the Expiration Date and similarly comply with applicable state securities laws;

29

(ii)

use its best efforts, if the Common Stock of the Principal Party shall be listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ or on another national securities exchange, to list or admit to trading (or continue the listing of) the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on the New York Stock Exchange or such securities exchange, or, if the Common Stock of the Principal Party shall not be listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ or a national securities exchange, to cause the Rights and the securities receivable upon exercise of the Rights to be authorized for quotation on any other system then in use;

(iii)

deliver to holders of the Rights historical financial statements for the Principal Party which comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on Form 10 (or any successor form) under the Exchange Act; and

(iv)

obtain waivers of any rights of first refusal or preemptive rights in respect of the Common Stock of the Principal Party subject to purchase upon exercise of outstanding Rights.

(d)

In case the Principal Party has a provision in any of its authorized securities or in its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or other instrument governing its affairs, which provision would have the effect of (i) causing such Principal Party to issue (other than to holders of Rights pursuant to this Section 13), in connection with, or as a consequence of, the consummation of a transaction referred to in this Section 13, shares of Common Stock or Stock Equivalents of such Principal Party at less than the then current market price per share thereof (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) or securities exercisable for, or convertible into, Common Stock or Stock Equivalents of such Principal Party at less than such then current market price, or (ii) providing for any special payment, tax or similar provision in connection with the issuance of the Common Stock of such Principal Party pursuant to the provisions of Section 13, then, in such event, the Company hereby agrees with each holder of Rights that it shall not consummate any such transaction unless prior thereto the Company and such Principal Party shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement providing that the provision in question of such Principal Party shall have been canceled, waived or amended, or that the authorized securities shall be redeemed, so that the applicable provision will have no effect in connection with, or as a consequence of, the consummation of the proposed transaction.

(e)

The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not, at any time after the Flip-In Event, enter into any transaction of the type described in clauses (i) through (iii) of Section 13(a) hereof if (i) at the time of or immediately after such consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or other transaction there are any rights, warrants or other instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in effect which would substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights, (ii) prior to, simultaneously with or immediately after such consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or other transaction, the stockholders of the Person who constitutes, or would constitute, the Principal Party for purposes of Section 13(b) hereof shall have received a distribution of Rights 

30

previously owned by such Person or any of its Affiliates or Associates or (iii) the form or nature of organization of the Principal Party would preclude or limit the exercisability of the Rights.

(f)

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in the event of any merger or other acquisition transaction involving the Company pursuant to a merger or other acquisition agreement between the Company and any Person (or one or more of such Persons Affiliates or Associates) which agreement has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to any Person becoming an Acquiring Person, this Agreement and the rights of holders of Rights hereunder shall be terminated in accordance with Section 7(a).

Section 14. 

Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.

(a)

The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights (except prior to the Distribution Date in accordance with Section 11(n) hereof) or to distribute Right Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. If the Company determines not to issue fractional Rights, then in lieu of such fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right. For the purposes of this Section 14(a), the current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would have been otherwise issuable. The closing price for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by any system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date no such market maker is making a market in the Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used.

(b)

The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) upon the exercise or exchange of Rights. Interests in fractions 

31

of shares of Preferred Stock in integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts, pursuant to an appropriate agreement between the Company and a depositary selected by it; provided that such agreement shall provide that the holders of such depositary receipts shall have all the rights, privileges and preferences to which they are entitled as beneficial owners of the Preferred Stock represented by such depositary receipts. In lieu of fractional shares of Preferred Stock that are not integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of Right Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised or exchanged as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole share of Preferred Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 14(a) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise or exchange.

(c)

The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock upon the exercise or exchange of Class A Rights or Class B Rights, respectively. In lieu of such fractional shares of Common Stock, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such fractional shares of Common Stock would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole share of Common Stock. In lieu of such fractional shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which such fractional shares of Non-Voting Common Stock would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole share of Non-Voting Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 14(c), the current market value of one share of Common Stock for which a Class A Right is exercisable shall be deemed to be the closing price of one share of Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 11(d)(i) hereof), for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise. For purposes of this Section 14(c), the current market value of one share of Non-Voting Common Stock for which a Class B Right is exercisable shall be deemed to equal the current per share market price of the Non-Voting Common Stock (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(iii)) on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date.

(d)

The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Right expressly waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional shares upon exercise or exchange of a Right (except as provided above).

(e)

Whenever a payment for fractional Rights or fractional shares is to be made by the Rights Agent under Section 18 hereof, the Company shall (i) promptly prepare and deliver to the Rights Agent a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the facts related to such payment and the prices or formulas utilized in calculating such payments and (ii) provide sufficient monies to the Rights Agent in the form of fully collected funds to make such payments. The Rights Agent may rely upon such a certificate and has no duty with respect to, and will not be deemed to have knowledge of, any payment for fractional Rights 

32

or fractional shares under any Section of this Agreement relating to the payment of fractional Rights or fractional shares unless and until the Rights Agent has received such a certificate and sufficient monies.

Section 15. 

Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this Agreement, excepting the rights of action given to the Rights Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, are vested in the respective registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the Outstanding Stock); and any registered holder of any Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Outstanding Stock), without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Outstanding Stock), on his own behalf and for his own benefit, may enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, such Outstanding Stock) in the manner provided therein and in this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement by the Company and will be entitled to specific performance of the obligations under, and injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations of, the obligations of the Company under this Agreement.

Section 16. 

Agreement of Right Holders. Every holder of a Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:

(a)

prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Outstanding Stock;

(b)

after the Distribution Date, the Right Certificates are transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and with the appropriate forms and certificates properly completed and duly executed, accompanied by a Signature Guarantee and such other documentation as the Rights Agent may reasonably request; and

(c)

the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the Person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the Outstanding Stock certificate (or Book Entry shares in respect of Outstanding Stock)) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Right Certificates or the Outstanding Stock certificate (or notices provided to holders of Book Entry shares of Outstanding Stock) made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

33

(d)

notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any holder of a Right or other Person as a result of its inability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, decree, judgment or ruling (whether interlocutory or final) issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory, self-regulatory or administrative agency or commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated or enacted by any governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to have any such injunction, order, decree, judgment or ruling lifted or otherwise overturned as promptly as practicable.

Section 17. 

Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. No holder, as such, of any Right Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise or exchange of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein or in any Right Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Right Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in this Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate shall have been exercised or exchanged in accordance with the provisions hereof.

Section 18. 

Concerning the Rights Agent.

(a)

The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in accordance with a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and other disbursements incurred in the preparation, negotiation, execution, administration, delivery and amendment of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, damage, judgment, fine, penalty, claim, demand, settlement, cost or expense (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) that may be paid, incurred or suffered by it, or to which it may become subject, without gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent (which gross negligence, bad faith, or willful misconduct must be determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction) for any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the execution, acceptance, administration, exercise and performance of its duties under this Agreement, including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability arising therefrom, directly or indirectly, or of enforcing its rights under this Agreement.

34

(b)

The Rights Agent shall be authorized and protected and shall incur no liability for, or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in connection with, its acceptance and administration of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder in reliance upon any Right Certificate or certificate representing the Preferred Stock, the Outstanding Stock or any other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons, or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set forth in Section 20 hereof. 

Section 19. 

Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent.

(a)

Any Person into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the stock transfer or corporate trust powers of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided that such Person would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21 hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this Agreement, any of the Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Right Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Rights Agent or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

(b)

In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be changed and at such time any of the Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Right Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Right Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Right Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name and in all such cases such Right Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates and in this Agreement.

Section 20. 

Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes the duties and obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement and no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent shall perform those duties and obligations upon the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Right Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

35

(a)

The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent shall have no liability for or in respect of, any action taken or omitted by it in the absence of bad faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion.

(b)

Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved (including the identity of any Acquiring Person and the determination of the current market price) or established by the Company prior to taking, suffering or omitting to take any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary or any other duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent, and the Rights Agent shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. The Rights Agent shall have no duty to act without such certificate as set forth in this Section 20(b).

(c)

The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder for its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

(d)

The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the Right Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.

(e)

The Rights Agent shall not have any liability or be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the legality or validity or execution of any Right Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for any change in the exercisability of the Rights (including the Rights becoming void pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) or any adjustment in the terms of the Rights provided for in Sections 3, 11, 13, 23 and 24, or responsible for the manner, method or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment or calculation (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Right Certificates after receipt of a certificate furnished pursuant to Section 12, describing such change or adjustment); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Preferred Stock or other securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right Certificate or as to whether any shares of Preferred 

36

Stock or other securities will, when issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(f)

The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

(g)

The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from any person reasonably believed by the Rights Agent to be one of the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary or any other duly authorized officer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its duties under this Agreement, and such instructions shall provide full authorization and protection to the Rights Agent and the Rights Agent shall not be liable for and it shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in the absence of bad faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer. Any application by the Rights Agent for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Rights Agent, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken, suffered or omitted by the Rights Agent under this Agreement and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Rights Agent shall be fully authorized and protected in relying upon the most recent instructions received from any such officer, and shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken by the Rights Agent in accordance with a proposal included in any such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date any officer of the Company actually receives such application unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to an earlier date) unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of an omission), the Rights Agent shall have received written instructions in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

(h)

The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, Affiliate, officer or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other Person.

(i)

The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, omission, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to 

37

the Company or any other Person resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof.

(j)

If, with respect to any Right Certificate surrendered to the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate contained in the form of assignment or the form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse thereof, as the case may be, has not been completed to certify the holder is not an Acquiring Person (or an Affiliate or Associate thereof) or a transferee thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to such requested exercise or transfer without first consulting with the Company; provided, however that Rights Agent shall not be liable for any delays arising from the duties under this Section 20(i).

(k)

The Rights Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any failure of the Company to comply with any of its obligations relating to any registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or this Agreement, including obligations under applicable regulation or law.

(l)

The Rights Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility in the case of the receipt of any written demand from any holder of Rights with respect to any action or default by the Company, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any duty or responsibility to initiate or attempt to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise or to make any demand upon the Company.

(m)

No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights or powers if the Rights Agent has reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(n)

The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility to the Company, any holders of Rights or any other Person for interest or earnings on any moneys held by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

(o)

The Rights Agent shall not be required to take notice or be deemed to have notice of any event or condition hereunder, including any event or condition that may require action by the Rights Agent, unless the Rights Agent shall be specifically notified in writing of such event or condition by the Company, and all notices or other instruments required by this Agreement to be delivered to the Rights Agent must, in order to be effective, be received by the Rights Agent as specified in Section 26 hereof.

(p)

The Rights Agent may rely on and be fully authorized and protected in acting or failing to act upon (a) any guaranty of signature by an eligible guarantor institution that is a member or participant in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other comparable signature guarantee program or insurance program in 

38

addition to, or in substitution for, the foregoing; or (b) any law, act, regulation or any interpretation of the same.

(q)

In the event the Rights Agent believes any ambiguity or uncertainty exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction, request or other communication, paper or document received by the Rights Agent hereunder, the Rights Agent, may (upon notice to the Company of such ambiguity or uncertainty), in its sole discretion, refrain from taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable in any way to Company, the holder of any Right Certificate or any other Person for refraining from taking such action, unless the Rights Agent receives written instructions signed by the Company which eliminates such ambiguity or uncertainty to the satisfaction of Rights Agent.

Section 21. 

Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30) calendar days notice in writing mailed to the Company and to each transfer agent of the Outstanding Stock or Preferred Stock by registered or certified mail, and, following the Distribution Date, to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class mail. In the event any transfer agency relationship in effect between the Company and the Rights Agent terminates, the Rights Agent will be deemed to have resigned automatically and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement as of the effective date of such termination, and the Company shall be responsible for sending any required notice. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent upon thirty (30) calendar days notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Outstanding Stock or Preferred Stock by registered or certified mail, and, following the Distribution Date, to the holders of the Right Certificates by first-class mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) calendar days after giving notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Right Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his Right Certificate for inspection by the Company), then the registered holder of any Right Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be (a) a Person organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or the laws of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, in good standing, which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust or stock transfer powers and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $50 million or (b) an Affiliate of such Person. After appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further reasonable assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose, but such 

39

predecessor Rights Agent shall not be required to make any additional expenditure or assume any additional liability in connection with the foregoing. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Outstanding Stock or Preferred Stock, and, following the Distribution Date, mail a notice thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Right Certificates. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.

Section 22. 

Issuance of New Right Certificates. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Right Certificates evidencing Rights in such forms as may be approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Right Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of Outstanding Stock following the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date, the Company may with respect to shares of Outstanding Stock so issued or sold (i) pursuant to the exercise of stock options, (ii) under any employee plan or arrangement, (iii) upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities, notes or debentures issued by the Company or (iv) pursuant to a contractual obligation of the Company, in each case existing prior to the Distribution Date, issue Right Certificates representing the appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale.

Section 23. 

Redemption.

(a)

The Board of Directors of the Company may, at any time prior to the Flip-In Event, redeem all but not less than all the then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $0.01 per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring in respect of the Outstanding Stock after the date hereof (the redemption price being hereinafter referred to as the Redemption Price). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion may establish. The Redemption Price shall be payable, at the option of the Company, in cash, shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock or such other form of consideration as the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine.

(b)

Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 23 (or at such later time as the Board of Directors of the Company may establish for the effectiveness of such redemption), and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price. The Company shall promptly give public notice (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) of any such redemption; provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, any such notice shall not affect 

40

the validity of such redemption. Within ten (10) calendar days after such action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights (or such later time as the Board of Directors of the Company may establish for the effectiveness of such redemption), the Company shall mail a notice of redemption to all the holders of the then outstanding Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for the Outstanding Stock. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of redemption shall state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price will be made.

Section 24. 

Exchange.

(a)

The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option, at any time after the Flip-In Event, exchange (i) all or part of the then outstanding Class A Rights (which shall not include Class A Rights that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) for shares of Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per Class A Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring in respect of any class or series of Outstanding Stock, after the date hereof (such amount per Class A Right being hereinafter referred to as the Class A Exchange Ratio) and (ii) all or part of the then outstanding Class B Rights (which shall not include Class B Rights that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) for shares of Non-Voting Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Non-Voting Common Stock per Class B Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring in respect of any class or series of Outstanding Stock, after the date hereof (such amount per Class B Right being hereinafter referred to as the Class B Exchange Ratio). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors of the Company shall not be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after an Acquiring Person shall have become the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the total Voting Power of the aggregate of all shares of Voting Stock then outstanding. From and after the occurrence of an event specified in Section 13(a) hereof, any Rights that theretofore have not been exchanged pursuant to this Section 24(a) shall thereafter be exercisable only in accordance with Section 13 and may not be exchanged pursuant to this Section 24(a). The exchange of the Rights by the Board of Directors of the Company may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion may establish. Prior to effecting an exchange pursuant to this Section 24, the Board of Directors of the Company may direct the Company to enter into a Trust Agreement in such form and with such terms as the Board of Directors of the Company shall then approve (the Trust Agreement). If the Board of Directors of the Company so directs, the Company shall enter into the Trust Agreement and shall issue to the trust created by such agreement (the Trust) all of the shares of Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exchange, and all Persons entitled to receive shares pursuant to the exchange shall be entitled to receive such shares (and any dividends or distributions made thereon after the date on which such shares are deposited in the Trust) only from the Trust and solely upon compliance with the relevant terms and provisions of the Trust Agreement.

41

(b)

Immediately upon the effectiveness of the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering the exchange of any Class A Rights or Class B Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such Class A Rights or Class B Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Class A Rights or Class B Rights shall be to receive that number of shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock equal to the number of such Class A Rights or Class B Rights, respectively, held by such holder multiplied by the Class A Exchange Ratio or Class B Exchange Ratio, as applicable. The Company shall promptly give public notice (with prompt written notice thereof to the Rights Agent) of any such exchange; provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity of such exchange. The Company shall promptly mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of the Rights so exchanged at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by which the exchange of the shares of Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock for Class A Rights or Class B Rights, respectively, will be effected and, in the event of any partial exchange, the number of Class A Rights or Class B Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

(c)

The Company may at its option substitute, and, in the event that there shall not be sufficient shares of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit an exchange of Class A Rights or Class B Rights for Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock, respectively, as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the Company shall substitute to the extent of such insufficiency, for each share of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock that would otherwise be issuable upon exchange of a Class A Right or Class B Right, respectively, a number of shares of Preferred Stock or fraction thereof (or Equivalent Preferred Shares, as such term is defined in Section 11(b)) such that the current per share market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(ii) hereof) of one share of Preferred Stock (or Equivalent Preferred Share) multiplied by such number or fraction is equal to the current per share market price of one share of Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof), as applicable, as of the date of such exchange. 

Section 25. 

Notice of Certain Events.

(a)

In case the Company shall at any time after the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Stock Acquisition Date propose (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to the holders of its Preferred Stock or to make any other distribution to the holders of its Preferred Stock (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend), (ii) to offer to the holders of its Preferred Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase any additional shares of Preferred Stock or shares of stock of any class or any other securities, rights or options, (iii) to effect any reclassification of its Preferred Stock (other than a 

42

reclassification involving only the subdivision or combination of outstanding Preferred Stock), (iv) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or (v) to pay any dividend on the Outstanding Stock payable in Common Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock or to effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the Outstanding Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Stock), then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of a Right Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such proposed action, which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such dividend or distribution or offering of rights or warrants, or the date on which such liquidation, dissolution, winding up, reclassification, subdivision, combination or consolidation is to take place and the date of participation therein by the holders of the Outstanding Stock and/or Preferred Stock, if any such date is to be fixed, and such notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the record date for determining holders of the Preferred Stock for purposes of such action, and in the case of any such other action, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the date of the taking of such proposed action or the date of participation therein by the holders of the Outstanding Stock and/or Preferred Stock, whichever shall be the earlier. The failure to give notice required by this Section 25 or any defect therein shall not affect the legality or validity of the action taken by the Company or the vote upon any such action.

(b)

In case any event described in Section 11(a)(ii) or Section 13 shall occur then the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Right Certificate (or if occurring prior to the Distribution Date, the holders of the Outstanding Stock) in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of the occurrence of such event, which notice shall describe such event and the consequences of such event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii) and Section 13 hereof, and all references in the preceding paragraph to Preferred Stock shall be deemed thereafter to refer to Outstanding Stock and/or, if appropriate, other securities.

Section 26. 

Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, Federal Express or United Parcel Service or any other nationally recognized courier service, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:

Jaguar Health, Inc.

200 Pine Street, Suite 400,

San Francisco, CA 94104

Attention: Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof, any notice or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any Right Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, Federal

43

Express or United Parcel Service or any other nationally recognized courier service, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 23rd Floor

New York, NY 10005

Attention: Relationship Management

with a copy to:

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

48 Wall Street, 23rd Floor

New York, New York 10005

Attention: Legal Department

Email: LegalTeamUS@equiniti.com

Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Right Certificate shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry books of the Company.

Section 27. 

Supplements and Amendments. Except as provided in the third sentence of this Section 27, for so long as the Rights are then redeemable, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion, and the Rights Agent shall if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any provision of this Agreement in any respect without the approval of any holders of the Rights. At any time when the Rights are no longer redeemable, except as provided in the third sentence of this Section 27, the Company may, and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights, provided that no such supplement or amendment may (a) adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights as such (other than an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person), (b) cause this Agreement again to become amendable other than in accordance with this sentence or (c) cause the Rights again to become redeemable. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no supplement or amendment shall be made which changes the Redemption Price. Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company which states that the supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 27, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any supplement or amendment that adversely affects the Rights Agents own rights, duties, immunities or obligations under this Agreement.

Section 28. 

Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

44

Section 29. 

Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the Outstanding Stock) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Right Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the Outstanding Stock).

Section 30. 

Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company shall have the power and authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise the rights and powers specifically granted to the Board of Directors of the Company or to the Company.

Section 31. 

Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated; provided, however, that if such excluded provision shall materially and adversely affect the rights, immunities, liabilities, duties or obligations of the Rights Agent, the Rights Agent shall be entitled to resign immediately upon written notice to the Company.

Section 32. 

Governing Law. This Agreement and each Right Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within such State.

Section 33. 

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

Section 34. 

Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

Section 35. 

Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Rights Agent will not have any liability for not performing, or a delay in the performance of, any act, duty, obligation or responsibility by reason of any occurrence beyond the reasonable control of the Rights Agent (including any act or provision or any present or future law or regulation or governmental authority, any act of God, epidemics, pandemics, war, civil or military disobedience or disorder, riot, rebellion, terrorism, 

45

insurrection, fire, earthquake, storm, flood, strike, work stoppage, interruptions or malfunctions of computer facilities, loss of data due to power failures or mechanical difficulties, labor dispute, accident or failure or malfunction of any utilities communication or computer services or similar occurrence).

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above written.

Jaguar Health, Inc.

/s/ Lisa Conte

Name: Lisa Conte

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent

/s/ Martin J. Knapp

Name: Martin J. Knapp

Title: SVP, Relationship Director

46

Exhibit A

FORM OF

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

of

SERIES K JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK

of

Jaguar Health, Inc.

Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation

Law of the State of Delaware

Jaguar Health, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), in accordance with the provisions of Section 103 thereof, DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

That pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) in accordance with the provisions of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the said Corporation, as amended and/or restated (the Certificate of Incorporation), the said Board of Directors on February 26, 2025 adopted the following resolution creating a series of 300,000 shares of Preferred Stock designated as Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock:

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of this Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation be and hereby is created, and that the designation and number of shares thereof and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof are as follows:

A-1

Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock

1.

Designation and Amount. There shall be a series of Preferred Stock that shall be designated as Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 300,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock to less than the number of shares then issued and outstanding plus the number of shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding rights, options or warrants or upon conversion of outstanding securities issued by the Corporation.

2.

Dividends and Distributions.

(A)

Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders of any shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in respect thereof, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the 30th day of March, June, September and December, in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $10.00 and (b) the sum of (1) the Adjustment Number (as defined below) times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, plus (2) the Adjustment Number times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Corporation (the Common Stock), or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), in each case declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock. The Adjustment Number shall initially be 1,000. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after February 26, 2025 (i) declare and pay any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.

A-2

(B)

The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock).

(C)

Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date; in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than sixty (60) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

3.

Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:

(A)

Each share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to (i) a number of votes equal to the Adjustment Number on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation if such share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred was issued pursuant to the valid exercise of a Class A Right (as defined in that certain Rights Agreement, dated February 26, 2025, between the Corporation and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agreement)) or (ii) except as otherwise required by applicable law, no votes on any matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation if such share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred was issued pursuant to the valid exercise of a Class B Right (as defined in the Rights Plan).

(B)

Except as required by law, by Section 3(C) and by Section 10 hereof, holders of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.

A-3

(C)

If, at the time of any annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, the equivalent of six quarterly dividends (whether or not consecutive) payable on any share or shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock are in default, the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be increased by two. In addition to voting together with the holders of Common Stock for the election of other directors of the Corporation, the holders of record of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class to the exclusion of the holders of Common Stock, shall be entitled at said meeting of stockholders (and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders), unless all dividends in arrears on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment prior thereto, to vote for the election of two directors of the Corporation, the holders of any Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock being entitled to cast a number of votes per share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock as is specified in paragraph (A) of this Section 3. Each such additional director shall not be a member of Class I, Class II or Class III of the Board of Directors and shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors, and until his successor shall be elected and shall qualify, or until his right to hold such office terminates pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3(C). Until the default in payments of all dividends which permitted the election of said directors shall cease to exist, any director who shall have been so elected pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3(C) may be removed at any time, without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock at the time entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast for the election of any such director at a special meeting of such holders called for that purpose, and any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the vote of such holders. If and when such default shall cease to exist, the holders of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing special voting rights, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent like default in payments of dividends. Upon the termination of the foregoing special voting rights, the terms of office of all persons who may have been elected directors pursuant to said special voting rights shall forthwith terminate, and the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be reduced by two. The voting rights granted by this Section 3(C) shall be in addition to any other voting rights granted to the holders of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in this Section 3.

4.

Certain Restrictions.

(A)

Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not:

A-4

(i)

declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock other than (A) such redemptions or purchases that may be deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options, warrants or similar rights or grant, vesting or lapse of restrictions on the grant of any other performance shares, restricted stock, restricted stock units or other equity awards to the extent that such shares represent all or a portion of (x) the exercise or purchase price of such options, warrants or similar rights or other equity awards and (y) the amount of withholding taxes owed by the recipient of such award in respect of such grant, exercise, vesting or lapse of restrictions; (B) the repurchase, redemption, or other acquisition or retirement for value of any such shares from employees, former employees, directors, former directors, consultants or former consultants of the Corporation or their respective estate, spouse, former spouse or family member, pursuant to the terms of the agreements pursuant to which such shares were acquired;

(ii)

declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; or

(iii)

purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity with the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or to such holders and holders of any such shares ranking on a parity therewith, upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes.

(B)

The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

5.

Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their retirement become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be 

A-5

reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to any conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

6.

Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (A) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, voluntary or otherwise, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have received an amount per share (the Series K Liquidation Preference) equal to the greater of (i) $10.00 plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment, and (ii) the Adjustment Number times the per share amount of all cash and other property to be distributed in respect of the Common Stock upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation.

(A)

In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Series K Liquidation Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other classes and series of stock of the Corporation, if any, that rank on a parity with the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock in respect thereof, then the assets available for such distribution shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences.

(B)

Neither the merger or consolidation of the Corporation into or with another entity nor the merger or consolidation of any other entity into or with the Corporation shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation within the meaning of this Section 6.

7.

Consolidation, Merger, Etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the outstanding shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share equal to the Adjustment Number times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged.

8.

No Redemption. Shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be subject to redemption by the Corporation.

9.

Ranking. The Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and as to the 

A-6

distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, unless the terms of any such series shall provide otherwise, and shall rank senior to the Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock as to such matters.

10.

Amendment. At any time that any shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall not be amended, by merger, consolidation or otherwise, which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class.

11.

Fractional Shares. Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be issued in fractions of a share that shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holders fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

A-7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate this ___ day of __________, 20__.

Jaguar Health, Inc.

By: ______________________________

Name: 

Title: 

A-8

Exhibit B-1

Form of Class A Right Certificate

Certificate No. R-______

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER February 26, 2026 OR EARLIER IF REDEMPTION OR EXCHANGE OCCURS. THE CLASS A RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AT $0.01 PER CLASS A RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, AS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, CLASS A RIGHTS OWNED BY OR TRANSFERRED TO ANY PERSON WHO IS OR BECOMES AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND CERTAIN TRANSFEREES THEREOF WILL BECOME NULL AND VOID AND WILL NO LONGER BE TRANSFERABLE.

CLASS A RIGHT CERTIFICATE

Jaguar Health, Inc.

This certifies that ____________________________ or registered assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Class A Rights (Rights) set forth above, each of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Rights Agreement), between Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agent), to purchase from the Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on February 26, 2026 at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or of its successor as Rights Agent, one one-thousandth of a fully paid non-assessable share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock), of the Company at a purchase price of $4.50 per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (the Purchase Price), upon presentation and surrender of this Class A Right Certificate (this Right Certificate) with the Form of Election to Purchase duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and the number of one one-thousandths of a

B-1

share of Preferred Stock which may be purchased upon exercise hereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as of February 26, 2025, based on the Preferred Stock as constituted at such date. As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or other securities or property) which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights and the number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.

This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Right Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal executive offices of the Company and the above-mentioned office or agency of the Rights Agent. The Company will mail to the holder of this Right Certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request therefor.

This Right Certificate, with or without other Right Certificates, upon surrender at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced by this Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company at a redemption price of $0.01 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in part for shares of the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, or shares of Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Stock (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

No fractional shares of Preferred Stock or Common Stock will be issued upon the exercise or exchange of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions of Preferred Stock which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depository receipts), but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

B-2

No holder of this Right Certificate, as such, shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred Stock or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise or exchange hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement) or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate shall have been exercised or exchanged as provided in the Rights Agreement.

B-3

This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of _________ __, 20__.

Jaguar Health, Inc.

By:__________________________________

[Name]

[Title]

ATTEST:

____________________________________

[Name]

[Title]

Countersigned:

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent

By_______________________

[Name] ______________

[Title] ________________

B-4

Form of Reverse Side of Class A Right Certificate

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such

holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED __________________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto ________________________________________________________

(Please print name and address of transferee)

_______ Rights represented by this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ______________________________ Attorney, to transfer said Rights on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: ____________________________

____________________________________

Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a bank, trust company, broker, dealer or other eligible institution participating in a recognized signature guarantee medallion program.

..............................................................................................................

(To be completed)

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by, were not acquired by the undersigned from, and are not being assigned to an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

B-5

____________________________________

Signature

B-6

Form of Reverse Side of Class A Right Certificate - continued

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to exercise

Rights represented by the Right Certificate)

To Jaguar Health, Inc.:

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise ________ Rights represented by this Right Certificate to purchase the shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities or property) issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and requests that certificates for such shares of Preferred Stock (or such other securities) be issued in the name of:

_________________________________________________________________________

(Please print name and address)

_________________________________________________________________________

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance remaining of such Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security

or other identifying number

_________________________________________________________________________

(Please print name and address)

_________________________________________________________________________

Dated:________________________

____________________________________

Signature

(Signature must conform to holder specified on Right Certificate)

B-7

Signature Guaranteed:

Signature must be guaranteed by a bank, trust company, broker, dealer or other eligible institution participating in a recognized signature guarantee medallion program.

B-8

Form of Reverse Side of Class A Right Certificate - continued

_________________________________________________________________________

(To be completed)

The undersigned certifies that the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by, and were not acquired by the undersigned from, an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

____________________________________

Signature

_________________________________________________________________________

NOTICE

The signature in the Form of Assignment or Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, must conform to the name as written upon the face of this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

In the event the certification set forth above in the Form of Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, is not completed, such Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.

B-9

Exhibit B-2

Form of Class B Right Certificate

Certificate No. R-______

NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER February 26, 2026 OR EARLIER IF REDEMPTION OR EXCHANGE OCCURS. THE CLASS B RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AT $0.01 PER CLASS B RIGHT AND TO EXCHANGE ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, AS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT, CLASS B RIGHTS OWNED BY OR TRANSFERRED TO ANY PERSON WHO IS OR BECOMES AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND CERTAIN TRANSFEREES THEREOF WILL BECOME NULL AND VOID AND WILL NO LONGER BE TRANSFERABLE.

CLASS B RIGHT CERTIFICATE

Jaguar Health, Inc.

This certifies that ____________________________ or registered assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Class B Rights (Rights) set forth above, each of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2025, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Rights Agreement), between Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent (the Rights Agent), to purchase from the Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on February 26, 2026 at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or of its successor as Rights Agent, one one-thousandth of a fully paid non-assessable share of Series K Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock), of the Company at a purchase price of $4.50 per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (the Purchase Price), upon presentation and surrender of this Class B Right Certificate (this Right Certificate) with the Form of Election to Purchase duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate (and the number of one one-thousandths of a

B-10

share of Preferred Stock which may be purchased upon exercise hereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as of February 26, 2025, based on the Preferred Stock as constituted at such date. As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price, the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or other securities or property) which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights and the number of Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.

This Right Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Right Certificates. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal executive offices of the Company and the above-mentioned office or agency of the Rights Agent. The Company will mail to the holder of this Right Certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request therefor.

This Right Certificate, with or without other Right Certificates, upon surrender at the office or agency of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Right Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate or Right Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced by this Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company at a redemption price of $0.01 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged in whole or in part for shares of the Companys Non-Voting Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, or shares of Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Stock (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

No fractional shares of Preferred Stock or Non-Voting Common Stock will be issued upon the exercise or exchange of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions of Preferred Stock which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depository receipts), but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

B-11

No holder of this Right Certificate, as such, shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred Stock or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise or exchange hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement) or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate shall have been exercised or exchanged as provided in the Rights Agreement.

B-12

This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of _________ __, 20__.

Jaguar Health, Inc.

By:__________________________________

[Name]

[Title]

ATTEST:

____________________________________

[Name]

[Title]

Countersigned:

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent

By_____________________

[Name] ______________

[Title] _______________

B-13

Form of Reverse Side of Class B Right Certificate

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered holder if such

holder desires to transfer the Right Certificate)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED __________________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto ________________________________________________________

(Please print name and address of transferee)

_______ Rights represented by this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ______________________________ Attorney, to transfer said Rights on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: ____________________________

____________________________________

Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

Signatures must be guaranteed by a bank, trust company, broker, dealer or other eligible institution participating in a recognized signature guarantee medallion program.

..............................................................................................................

(To be completed)

The undersigned hereby certifies that the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by, were not acquired by the undersigned from, and are not being assigned to an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

B-14

____________________________________

Signature

B-15

Form of Reverse Side of Class B Right Certificate - continued

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

(To be executed if holder desires to exercise

Rights represented by the Right Certificate)

To Jaguar Health, Inc.:

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise ________ Rights represented by this Right Certificate to purchase the shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities or property) issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and requests that certificates for such shares of Preferred Stock (or such other securities) be issued in the name of:

_________________________________________________________________________

(Please print name and address)

_________________________________________________________________________

If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate, a new Right Certificate for the balance remaining of such Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security

or other identifying number

_________________________________________________________________________

(Please print name and address)

_________________________________________________________________________

Dated:________________________

____________________________________

Signature

(Signature must conform to holder specified on Right Certificate)

B-16

Signature Guaranteed:

Signature must be guaranteed by a bank, trust company, broker, dealer or other eligible institution participating in a recognized signature guarantee medallion program.

B-17

Form of Reverse Side of Class B Right Certificate - continued

_________________________________________________________________________

(To be completed)

The undersigned certifies that the Rights evidenced by this Right Certificate are not beneficially owned by, and were not acquired by the undersigned from, an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate thereof (as defined in the Rights Agreement).

____________________________________

Signature

_________________________________________________________________________

NOTICE

The signature in the Form of Assignment or Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, must conform to the name as written upon the face of this Right Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

In the event the certification set forth above in the Form of Assignment or the Form of Election to Purchase, as the case may be, is not completed, such Assignment or Election to Purchase will not be honored.

B-18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jagx-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Jaguar Health Adopts Limited Duration Stockholder Rights Plan to Ensure Stockholders Can Realize Long-Term Value

Jaguar expects first results in Q2 2025 of proof-of-concept investigator-initiated trials of crofelemer for the rare diseases short bowel syndrome with intestinal failure and microvillus inclusion disease

FDA meeting expected in Q2 2025 on the statistically significant results of the Phase 3 OnTarget trial of crofelemer in the prespecifiedsubgroup of patients with breast cancer

Jaguar has received an indication of interest to acquire the Company

SAN FRANCISCO, CA / February 27, 2025 /Jaguar Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX) (Jaguar or the Company) today announced that its Board of Directors (the Board) has adopted a limited duration stockholder rights plan (the Rights Plan).

Jaguar, which, like many other biotechnology companies, continues to experience a significant and ongoing dislocation in the trading price of its common stock, has received an indication of interest to acquire the Company. Our Board intends the Rights Plan to give Jaguar stockholders more time to realize the long-term value of their investment by discouraging significant open-market accumulation of the Companys shares without appropriately compensating all the Companys stockholders for control, said Lisa Conte, Jaguars president and CEO.

The Rights Plan is not intended to prevent or interfere with any action with respect to the Company that the Board determines to be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Instead, it will position the Board to fulfill its fiduciary duties on behalf of all stockholders by ensuring that the Board has sufficient time to make informed judgments about any attempts to acquire the Company. The Rights Plan will encourage anyone seeking to acquire the Company or gain a significant interest in the Company to negotiate directly with the Board.

Jaguar has multiple expected near-term catalysts. The Company is supporting three proof-of-concept (POC) investigator-initiated trials (IIT), and conducting two Phase 2 studies, of crofelemer, our novel plant-based anti-secretory prescription drug, for the rare diseases short bowel syndrome with intestinal failure (SBS-IF) and/or microvillus inclusion disease (MVID) in the US, European Union, and/or Middle East/North Africa regions. The first POC IIT results are expected to be available in the second quarter of 2025, with additional POC IIT results expected throughout 2025. In accordance with the guidelines of specific EU countries, published data from clinical investigations in MVID and SBS-IF could support reimbursed early patient access to crofelemer for these debilitating conditions, Conte said. Additionally, the Company expects that, if even just a very small number of MVID patients show benefit with the extremely safe profile of crofelemer, this may potentially allow approval in the US for crofelemer for MVID and qualify crofelemer for participation in PRIME for this indication. PRIME is a European Medicines Agency (EMA) program providing enhanced interaction and early dialogue with developers of promising medicines that target an unmet medical need, with the goal of optimizing development plans and speeding up evaluation so the medicine can reach patients earlier.

Jaguar also remains focused on development of crofelemer for cancer therapy-related diarrhea (CTD). As announced, the analysis of the prespecified subgroup of adult patients with breast cancer from the Companys recently conducted Phase 3 prophylactic OnTarget clinical trial for diarrhea in adult patients

with solid tumors receiving targeted therapy with or without standard chemotherapy indicate that crofelemer achieved statistically significant results in this subgroup. These results were the subject of a December 11, 2024 poster presentation at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium. The Company will request a meeting with the FDA to discuss the results of OnTarget in breast cancer patients and potential pathways to bring crofelemer to this patient population as efficiently as possible, and expects the meeting to take place in the second quarter of 2025.

Further, the terms of the Rights Plan provide many recognized stockholder protections, including the following:

The rights will be exercisable only if an entity, person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the total voting power of the aggregate of all shares of the Companys Voting Stock (as defined below) then outstanding in a transaction not approved by the Board;

The Rights Plan does not contain any dead-hand, slow-hand, no-hand or similar features that would limit the ability of a future board of directors to redeem the rights; and

The Rights Plan does not preclude the Board from considering an offer that recognizes the full value of the Company.

Pursuant to the Rights Plan, the Company will issue a dividend of (i) one preferred share purchase right (a Class A Right) for each share of common stock and (ii) one preferred stock purchase right (a Class B Right and together with the Class A Rights, the Rights) for each share of non-voting common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 10, 2025. While the Rights Plan is effective immediately, the Rights generally would become exercisable only if an entity, person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the total voting power of the aggregate of all shares of the Companys Voting Stock then outstanding in a transaction not approved by the Board.

If the Rights become exercisable, each holder of a Class A Right or Class B Right (other than the acquiring entity, person or group) will have the right to purchase from the Company for $4.50, subject to certain potential adjustments, shares of the Companys common stock or non-voting common stock, respectively, having a market value of twice that amount. In addition, at any time after an entity, person or group acquires 20% or more of the total voting power of the aggregate of all shares of the Companys Voting Stock then outstanding, but less than 50% of the total voting power of the aggregate of all shares of the Companys Voting Stock then outstanding, the Board may exchange (i) one share of the Companys common stock per Class A Right and (ii) one share of the Companys non-voting common stock per Class B Right (other than Rights owned by the acquiring entity, person or group, which would have become void).

The Rights Plan has a term of one year and may expire earlier upon the occurrence of certain specified events.

Further details about the Rights Plan will be contained in a Current Report on Form 8-K and in a Registration Statement on Form 8-A that the Company will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

About the Jaguar Health Family of Companies

Jaguar Health, Inc. (Jaguar) is a commercial stage pharmaceuticals company focused on developing novel proprietary prescription medicines sustainably derived from plants from rainforest areas for people and animals with gastrointestinal distress, specifically associated with overactive bowel, which includes symptoms such as chronic debilitating diarrhea, urgency, bowel incontinence, and cramping pain. Jaguar family company Napo Pharmaceuticals (Napo) focuses on developing and commercializing human prescription pharmaceuticals for essential supportive care and management of neglected gastrointestinal

symptoms across multiple complicated disease states. Napos crofelemer is FDA-approved under the brand name Mytesi for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adults with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy. Jaguar family company Napo Therapeutics is an Italian corporation Jaguar established in Milan, Italy in 2021 focused on expanding crofelemer access in Europe and specifically for orphan and/or rare diseases. Jaguar Animal Health is a Jaguar tradename. Magdalena Biosciences, a joint venture formed by Jaguar and Filament Health Corp. that emerged from Jaguars Entheogen Therapeutics Initiative (ETI), is focused on developing novel prescription medicines derived from plants for mental health indications.

For more information about:

Jaguar Health, visit https://jaguar.health

Napo Pharmaceuticals, visit www.napopharma.com

Napo Therapeutics, visit napotherapeutics.com

Magdalena Biosciences, visit magdalenabiosciences.com

Visit the Make Cancer Less Shitty patient advocacy program on Bluesky, X, Facebook & Instagram

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release constitute forward-looking statements. These include statements regarding Jaguars expectation that the first POC IIT results may be available in Q2 2025 for crofelemer for SBS-IF and MVID, Jaguars expectation that, in accordance with the guidelines of specific EU countries, published data from clinical investigations in MVID and SBS-IF could support reimbursed early patient access to crofelemer for these debilitating conditions, Jaguars expectation that, if even just a very small number of MVID patients show benefit with crofelemer, this may potentially allow approval in the United States for crofelemer for MVID and qualify crofelemer for participation in PRIME for this indication, Jaguars expectation that the Company will request a meeting with the FDA to discuss the results of the OnTarget study in breast cancer patients and potential pathways to bring crofelemer to this patient population as efficiently as possible, Jaguars expectation that a meeting with the FDA will take place in Q2 2025, and Jaguars expectation that the Rights Plan will give Jaguar stockholders more time to realize the long-term value of their investment by discouraging significant open-market accumulation of the Companys shares without appropriately compensating all the Companys stockholders for control. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, aim, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are only predictions. Jaguar has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and are subject to several risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond Jaguars control. Except as required by applicable law, Jaguar does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.

Source: Jaguar Health, Inc.

Contact:

hello@jaguar.health

Jaguar-JAGX
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>img107817981_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>jagx-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Jaguar Health, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001585608

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-36714

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2956775

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 Pine Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94104

City Area Code (415)

Local Phone Number 371-8300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share

Trading Symbol JAGX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://jaguarhealth.gcs-web.com/20250226/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

jagx-20250226.htm 
jagx-20250226.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-028403-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>jagx-20250226_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001585608 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

false 
--12-31 
0001585608 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
Jaguar Health, Inc. 
DE 
001-36714 
46-2956775 
200 Pine Street 
Suite 400 
San Francisco 
CA 
94104 
(415) 
371-8300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share 
JAGX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>