<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950142-25-001161.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0000950142-25-001161.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424080113
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950142-25-001161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250424
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001171759
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				841573084
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34851
		FILM NUMBER:		25863624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 EAST GEDDES AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3038466000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 EAST GEDDES AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>eh250618999_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?FORM 8-K

false000117175900011717592025-04-242025-04-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 24, 2025

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-34851 84-1573084

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification Number)

10000
E. Geddes Avenue, Suite 500

Englewood, Colorado 80112

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(303) 846-6000

(Registrants telephone number, including area
code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol 

Name of each exchange
on which

registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value RRGB Nasdaq (Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

Executive Transition

On April 24,
2025, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (the Company) announced the appointment of David A. Pace to the position of
President and Chief Executive Officer (President and CEO) of the Company, effective April 24, 2025 (the
Effective Date). Mr. Pace replaces G.J. Hart as the Companys President and CEO, who will also depart from the
Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company as of the Effective Date. Following the Effective Date, Mr. Hart will be
an employee senior advisor until September 24, 2025. 

Mr. Pace has served
on the Board since August 2019 and will continue to serve on the Board. He was serving as the Boards Chairman and a member of each
of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, and in connection with his appointment, Mr. Pace has resigned from
these roles. Biographical information regarding Mr. Pace appears in the section titled Proposal 1. Directors of the Companys
preliminary proxy statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18,
2025, which section is incorporated herein by reference. Following Mr. Harts departure, the size of the Board will be reduced from
ten to nine directors.

Except as otherwise
disclosed in this current report, there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Pace, on the one hand, and any other person,
on the other hand, pursuant to which Mr. Pace was selected as an officer of the Company. Additionally, there are no family relationships
between Mr. Pace, on the one hand, and any director or officer of the Company, on the other hand, or any other related party transaction
of the Company involving Mr. Pace that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Compensation Arrangements 

In connection with
his appointment as President and CEO, Mr. Pace has entered into an offer letter (the CEO Offer Letter) with the Company
pursuant to which Mr. Pace will serve as President and CEO from the Effective Date until the third anniversary of the Effective Date,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the CEO Offer Letter (the Initial Term). Mr. Pace and the Company
may mutually agree to extend the Initial Term for a successive six month period. The CEO Offer Letter provides that Mr. Pace will (i)
receive an annual base salary of $750,000; (ii) be eligible to receive an annual bonus with a target of 200% of base salary (provided
that for fiscal year 2025, he will receive a minimum annual bonus payout of $850,000 and his target bonus will be $1,125,000); and (iii)
under the Companys long-term incentive plan, receive a grant of (x) an aggregate of 750,000 restricted stock units (RSUs)
comprised of (A) 250,000 RSUs which were granted upon the Effective Date and will vest in full on the first anniversary of the grant date
(the 2025 RSUs) and (B) 500,000 RSUs to be granted in 2026, which will vest in two equal installments on each anniversary
of the grant date and (y) 900,000 performance-based RSUs (PSUs), which were granted at the same time as the 2025 RSUs and
are subject to the achievement of performance targets based on the Companys stock price set forth in the applicable award agreement
during a three-year performance period following the grant date, in each case, subject to his continued service with the Company and certain
termination protections. His outstanding equity awards previously granted in connection with his Board service will continue to vest in
accordance with the applicable award agreement. Mr. Pace may also participate in the Companys standard benefit plans, as may be
amended from time to time, in which other senior executives are eligible to participate.

If,
following the second anniversary of the Effective Date, Mr. Pace assists the Board in identifying or developing a successor President
and Chief Executive Officer and such individual becomes the President and Chief Executive Officer (regardless of whether such individual
is an external hire or internal promotion) and his employment is terminated in connection therewith, then he will receive, subject to
his execution and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims: (i) a lump-sum cash payment equal to one times his base salary as
in effect immediately prior to the date of termination, payable within thirty days following such termination; and (ii) payment of a pro-rata
share of the annual bonus that would otherwise have been earned, based on actual performance, had he continued to be employed by the Company
for the fiscal year in which his employment was terminated, payable when annual bonuses are regularly paid to similarly-situated executives
(such payments, the Completion Bonus). In the event that Mr. Pace becomes entitled to the Completion Bonus he will not be
entitled to the Severance Benefits (as defined below).

Upon
Mr. Paces termination of employment by the Company without cause or due to his resignation for good reason, he will be
entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a waiver and release of claims, an amount equal to (i) two times
his base salary, payable in installments during the twenty-four month period following the date of his termination; (ii) payment of
a pro-rata share of his annual bonus that would otherwise have been earned, based on actual performance, had he continued to be
employed by the Company for the fiscal year in which his employment was terminated, payable when annual bonuses are regularly paid
to similarly-situated executives; and (iii) subject to his timely election of continued healthcare coverage under the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA), a lump sum payment in the amount of the cost of COBRA coverage for Mr. Pace
and his eligible dependents for up to eighteen months (the foregoing payments and benefits, the Severance Benefits).
If Mr. Pace receives severance payments and benefits under the Companys Executive Severance Plan, he will not be eligible to
receive the foregoing severance benefits, and his cash severance multiplier under the Executive Severance Plan will be 2.0, the
change in control benefits continuation period under the Executive Severance Plan will be twenty-four months, and the definitions of
cause and good reason (and the applicable release of claims) will be replaced by the definitions and release of claims referred to
in the CEO Offer Letter. Upon termination of employment, all of Mr. Paces unvested equity awards will be treated in
accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements.

Mr.
Pace will be subject to customary restrictive covenants in the CEO Offer Letter, including during employment and for the twenty-four months
following termination of employment, non-competition and non-solicitation of employees, suppliers, and business relations of the Company.

The foregoing summary
does not purport to be a complete description and is qualified in its entirety by the CEO Offer Letter, a copy of which is filed as an
exhibit hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

In connection with
Mr. Harts departure, the Company entered into a separation and transition agreement (the Separation and Transition Agreement)
with Mr. Hart on April 24, 2025. During the period Mr. Hart is a senior advisor, he will receive a monthly salary of $110,000 and will
not receive any additional long-term incentive awards. At the end of such period, Mr. Harts employment will terminate, and he will
be eligible to receive the separation benefits set forth in the Separation and Transition Agreement, which supersedes Mr. Harts
participation in the Companys Executive Severance Plan and are consistent or less than those provided under his employment agreement,
and provides that, in addition to any accrued but unpaid benefits or obligations, Mr. Hart is eligible to receive: (i) an aggregate amount
equal to $1,800,000, which equals eighteen months of Mr. Harts annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Date, payable in monthly installments for eighteen months following the termination of his employment and (ii) a lump-sum cash payment
equal to a pro-rata portion of Mr. Harts annual bonus, if any, for the Companys 2025 fiscal year under the Companys
2025 annual bonus plan that Mr. Hart would have earned based on actual performance had he remained employed for the entire 2025 fiscal
year (the Pro-Rata Bonus), payable at such time as bonuses are generally paid by the
Company to its executives. Mr. Harts unvested RSUs granted in September 2022 will remain outstanding and eligible to vest during the
period he is a senior advisor and he will forfeit all other unvested RSUs and PSUs as of the Effective Date. If Mr. Hart does not participate
in the Companys earnings call in May or fails to provide the requested advisory services, then Mr. Hart will forfeit his continued salary
payments, the Pro-Rata Bonus and the continued vesting of his RSUs that were granted in 2022. Mr. Harts receipt of the severance
benefits mentioned in this paragraph is subject to his execution of a waiver and release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates.
Mr. Hart is also subject to certain restrictive covenants in his employment agreement and the Separation and Transition Agreement, including
nondisclosure of confidential information, return of company property, non-disparagement, and, for twenty-four months following the date
of separation, non-solicitation and non-hire of certain employees, non-solicitation of suppliers and business relations of the Company
and non-competition against the Company. Mr. Harts departure does not involve a disagreement on any matter relating to the Companys
operations, policies or practices.

The
foregoing description of the terms of the Separation and Transition Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full terms
of the Separation and Transition Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Offer Letter by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and David A. Pace dated April 24, 2025

10.2 Separation and Transition Agreement by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and G.J. Hart dated April 24, 2025

99.1 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Press Release dated April 24, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: April 24, 2025

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 

By: /s/ Sarah A. Mussetter 

Name: 

Sarah A. Mussetter 

Title: 

Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>eh250618999_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC.

10000 E. GEDDES AVENUE, SUITE 500

ENGLEWOOD, CO 80112

April 24, 2025

David A. Pace

Re: Offer of Employment

Dear David,

We are pleased to offer you employment with Red Robin
Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (the Company), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc. (RRI).
The terms of your employment will be governed by the terms and conditions described herein.

The following is a summary of your position, compensation,
and benefits to be associated with your employment with the Company.

Start Date: April 24, 2025 

Position: President and Chief Executive Officer. 

Reporting: You shall report directly to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). 

Board Membership: You will remain a member of the Board for your current term. Thereafter, while you remain employed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Board shall nominate you for re-election as a member of the Board at the expiration of your then current term, provided that the foregoing shall not be required to the extent prohibited by legal or regulatory requirements, or the provisions of Section 6E of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation. For the avoidance of doubt, following the Start Date you shall no longer receive any compensation relating to your Board service; provided, however, that any outstanding equity-based awards granted to you, prior to the Start Date, in connection with your Board service shall remain outstanding and continue to vest in accordance with the applicable award agreement. 

Term You will serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer
from the Start Date until the third anniversary of the Start Date, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms set forth
herein (the Initial Term). You and the Company may mutually agree to extend the Initial Term for a successive
six (6) month period. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event you or the Board appoint someone as President of the Company,
you and the Company agree that any such appointment alone, with no other changes to the terms of your employment, will not constitute
an early termination of the Initial Term so long as you remain the Chief Executive Officer of the Company who still reports directly
to the Board. Further, such appointment alone shall in no way modify any terms or agreements regarding your Completion
Bonus or Severance Benefits.

Work Location: You are authorized to work remotely from your principal place of residence in Dallas, Texas, which will also be your principal place of Employment. From time to time, you may be expected to commute to the Companys headquarters in Englewood, Colorado, and may reasonably be required to travel to other locations for Company business purposes. Such commute or travel will not change your principal place of Employment. 

Base Salary The annual base salary payable to you will be $750,000 (Base Salary), payable in substantially equal installments on a regular basis in accordance with the Companys standard payroll procedures. The Base Salary may be increased but not decreased, as determined by the Board and approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee). 

Annual Incentive: You will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus each fiscal year of employment as determined in accordance with the Companys annual incentive plan as in effect from time to time and as approved by the Compensation Committee (the Annual Bonus), with a target Annual Bonus (the Target Bonus) of two hundred percent (200%) of your Base Salary; provided, that for fiscal year 2025, you shall receive a minimum Annual Bonus payout of $850,000 and have a Target Bonus of $1,125,000 (and, for the avoidance of doubt, such minimum Annual Bonus and Target Bonus shall not be calculated on a pro-rated basis for fiscal year 2025). The actual amount of any Annual Bonus (excluding the minimum Annual Bonus payout of $850,000 for fiscal year 2025) shall depend on the level of achievement of the applicable performance criteria established with respect to the Annual Bonus by the Board and the Compensation Committee in their sole discretion and may be higher than the Target Bonus if the applicable performance targets are exceeded. The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year shall be payable in accordance with the then-current annual incentive plan (but no later than March 15 of the following year). 

Long-Term Incentive: 

In connection with your appointment as President and
Chief Executive Officer, you will receive the following pursuant to the Companys long-term incentive plan (LTIP):
(i) an aggregate grant of 750,000 restricted stock units (RSUs), comprised of (x) 250,000 RSUs granted in 2025 (the
2025 RSUs), which shall vest in full on the first anniversary of the grant date, and (y) 500,000 RSUs granted in
2026 (the 2026 RSUs), which shall vest in two (2) equal installments on each anniversary of the grant date, in each
case, subject to your continued employment through the applicable vesting date and the terms and conditions of the award agreement and
(ii) a grant of 900,000 performance-based RSUs (PSUs), which shall be granted on the same date as the 2025 RSUs and
shall be subject to the terms set forth in the PSU award agreement attached hereto as Annex A. If (x) a Change in Control (as defined
under the LTIP) occurs and (y) your employment with the Company is terminated without Cause or you resign for Good Reason following such
Change in Control, in each case, prior to the grant date of the 2026 RSUs, then in lieu of granting you the 2026 RSUs, the Company shall
be required to provide you with a cash payment equal to the value of such 2026 RSUs (with the value determined as of the date of such
termination of employment).

Except as expressly provided herein, each such equity
award shall be made in accordance with the Companys Equity Granting Policy1.
As an executive officer of the Company, you are subject to the Companys Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines as in effect from
time to time, within the time period specified therein, which currently include a requirement for the Chief Executive Officer to own shares
of common stock of the Company with a value equal to at least five (5) times your Base Salary. In the event you are unable to meet the
ownership requirements within the defined time period, you will retain all net after-tax (i.e., after all applicable withholding taxes)
profit shares of Company common stock following exercise or vesting or settlement of your equity awards, until such requirements have
been satisfied.

1 Pursuant to the Companys Executive Granting Policy, the
value of the shares underlying the initial grant of RSUs and PSUs for FY25 will be determined based on the average of the closing price
of the Companys common stock over the 30-calendar-day period prior to and including the date of grant (which will be the seventh
calendar day following the Start Date (or, if not a business day, the following business day).

2 

Completion Bonus If, (x) during the period
beginning on the second anniversary of the Start Date and ending on the last day of the Initial Term, or (y) during the six (6) month
period following the Initial Term, you assist the Board in identifying or developing a successor President and Chief Executive Officer
and such individual becomes the President and Chief Executive Officer (for the avoidance of doubt, regardless of whether such individual
is an external hire or internal promotion) and your employment hereunder is terminated, then you will receive the following: (i)
a lump-sum cash payment equal to one (1) times your Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination, payable
within thirty (30) days following such termination and (ii) payment of a pro-rata share (determined on the basis of the number of
days on which you were employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred) of the Annual Bonus
that would otherwise have been earned based on actual performance had you continued to be employed by the Company for the entirety
of the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred, payable in a lump sum when such Annual Bonus payment is regularly paid
to similarly situated executives (the foregoing payments, the Completion Bonus), subject to your execution and
nonrevocation of a general release and waiver of all claims in the Companys customary form. In the event that you
become entitled to the Completion Bonus you shall not be entitled to the Severance Benefits (as defined below). For the avoidance
of doubt, if a successor President and Chief Executive Officer is appointed prior to the second anniversary of the Start Date and
your employment hereunder is terminated (other than for Cause) you shall be entitled to the Severance Benefits (and shall not be
entitled to the Completion Bonus).

Paid Time Off (PTO): You will be eligible for paid time off (PTO) of four (4) weeks and eight (8) paid holidays, in each case, per calendar year in accordance with the Companys holiday and paid time off policies applicable to executive officers as in effect from time to time. 

Benefit Plans: You will be entitled to participate in all senior executive-level benefit plans and programs including, standard indemnification program and Directors & Officers insurance, incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs of the Company and RRI (including the Companys Safe Harbor 401(k) Plan) as in effect from time to time to the same extent as other senior executive employees. You and/or your family, as the case may be, will be eligible to participate in, and receive all benefits under, all welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and RRI (including, to the extent provided, without limitation, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, AD&D and travel accident insurance) governed by the applicable terms and conditions of each plan and program and as in effect from time to time to the same extent as other senior executive employees. Additional benefits to be provided to you, if not already included in the Companys executive level benefit plans and programs, include an annual executive physical with the medical provider of your choice to be paid by the Company; provided, that such annual executive physical shall not exceed $10,000 in the aggregate. 

Dining Privileges: You shall be entitled to the same dining privileges at Company-owned restaurants as in effect from time to time to the same extent as other senior executive employees. 

Legal Fees Reimbursement: The Company will reimburse you for reasonable, documented legal fees incurred by you in connection with the review, negotiation, and execution of this offer letter, which reimbursement shall not exceed $10,000. 

3 

Severance Benefits 

Upon termination of your employment, you will receive
any accrued obligations owed by the Company to you (i.e., accrued and unpaid Base Salary and reimbursement for any unreimbursed business
expenses, in each cash through the date of termination of employment, plus any benefits to which you are entitled under the terms of any
Company benefit plan or arrangement).

In addition, except as set forth herein, if the
Company terminates your employment without Cause or you terminate your employment for Good Reason, then except as provided below,
you shall receive the following severance payments and benefits: (i) payment of two (2) times your Base Salary as in effect immediately
prior to the date of termination, which shall be paid in substantially equal installments for the twenty-four (24) month period following
the date of termination, subject to standard withholdings and other authorized deductions; (ii) payment of a pro-rata share (determined
on the basis of the number of days on which you were employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the date of termination
occurred) of the Annual Bonus that would otherwise have been earned based on actual performance had you continued to be employed
by the Company for the entirety of the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred, payable in a lump sum when such Annual
Bonus payment is regularly paid to similarly situated executives; and (iii) upon your timely election of continuation coverage under
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), as amended, the Company shall pay you in
a lump sum within thirty (30) days after such election an amount equal to the product of (x) the portion of premiums of your group
health insurance, including coverage for your eligible dependents, that the Company paid immediately prior to his date of termination
and (y) eighteen (18) (the foregoing payments and benefits, the Severance Benefits). Upon termination of your
employment, your unvested LTIP awards shall be treated in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements.

If you become entitled to receive severance payments
and benefits under the Companys Executive Severance Plan (as such plan may be modified, amended, and/or restated from time to time)
(the Executive CIC Severance Plan), then you shall not be eligible to receive the severance payments and benefits
described in the preceding paragraph. For purposes of the Executive CIC Severance Plan as it applies to you: (w) the Release Agreement
(as defined in the Executive CIC Severance Plan) will be replaced with (and all references in the Executive CIC Severance Plan will be
deemed to refer to) the release of claims described in the immediately succeeding paragraph; (x) the Cash Severance Multiplier (as defined
in the Executive CIC Severance Plan) will be 2.0 (not 3.0); (y) the Change in Control Benefits Continuation Period (as defined in the
Executive CIC Severance Plan) will be twenty-four (24) months; and (z) the definitions of Cause and Good Reason (each as defined in the
Executive CIC Severance Plan) will be replaced by the definition of Cause and Good Reason set forth in Annex D to this offer letter.

The foregoing severance benefits are subject to your
execution and delivery (and non-revocation) of a general release and waiver of all claims, in the Companys customary form not later
than 60 days following the termination of your employment.

Upon termination of your employment with the Company
for any reason whatsoever, you will be deemed to have immediately resigned from any positions with the Company and all of its subsidiaries
and affiliates, whether as an officer, director, employee, fiduciary or otherwise. In such event, you will, at the request of the Company,
execute any documents reasonably required to evidence such resignations.

4 

280G Best Net Provision: In the event that any payment or benefit to you is subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, the best-net-after-tax provision of Section 3.5 of the Companys Executive CIC Severance Plan shall apply. 

Withholding Taxes: The Company will be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts payable under this letter such federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

Restrictive Covenants: See Annex B. 

Section 409A: See Annex C.

Certain Definitions: See Annex D. 

This offer letter and your employment with the Company
are subject to your agreeing to the following terms and conditions:

1. Company Policies, Guidelines, and Training. The Company maintains policies and guidelines, and provides training, that establish certain expectations and rules concerning your conduct and performance. These policies and guidelines may affect your ability to participate in certain benefits and programs and may contain additional terms and conditions with respect to your employment. By accepting this offer, you agree to adhere to such policies and guidelines and participate in all required training sessions. All Company policies and guidelines are subject to change and your employment with the Company is your acceptance and agreement to abide by such changes. This offer and your employment with the Company is contingent upon your signing and understanding of the Companys Insider Trading Policy, Code of Ethics and the PCI Data Security Standard.

2. References and Background Checks. This offer and your employment with the Company is also contingent upon the successful completion of mandatory pre-employment background checks and proof of eligibility to work in the United States, even if you commence employment with the Company prior to the completion of the Companys reference and background checks. You agree that the Company may check your references and background information at any time during your employment and you authorize the Company to do so. In accepting this offer, you agree to cooperate with the Company and seek the cooperation of others in completing the references and background check processes in an expeditious manner.

3. Employment Must Not Infringe Upon the Rights of Others. In accepting this offer, you warrant as follows: (a) you have disclosed and provided to the Company any and all restrictive covenant obligations or agreements in which you are subject to and affirm your continued compliance with such obligations and agreements, (b) you will not disclose to the Company any trade secrets or proprietary information from your prior employers and (c) you will not refer to or otherwise solicit for employment at the Company any former co-workers or others in contravention of any still-in-effect non-solicitation obligations.

4. Best Efforts. In accepting this offer, you agree to devote all of your business time, attention, skills, and best efforts to your position on a full-time basis.

5. Employment At-Will. In accepting this offer, you agree that your employment with the Company is at will meaning that the statements made in this offer letter are not intended to create a contract, the Company may modify any benefit plan, your compensation package or your job responsibilities, and either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without cause or advance notice, in all cases subject to the above Severance Benefits terms. Any offers or expectations of additional compensatory items are not valid unless contained in this offer letter.

5 

6. Governing Law. This offer letter is governed by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. You agree to submit to the venue and personal jurisdiction of the Colorado state and federal courts concerning any dispute for which judicial redress is permitted pursuant to this offer letter; however the Company is not limited in seeking relief in those courts.

7. 

Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided
above, any controversy arising out of or relating to this offer letter, its enforcement or interpretation, or because of an alleged
breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of its provisions, or any other controversy arising out of your employment,
including, but not limited to, any state or federal statutory or common law claims, will be submitted to arbitration in Denver, Colorado,
before a sole arbitrator (the Arbitrator) selected from Judicial Arbiter Group, Inc., Denver, Colorado, or its
successor (JAG), or if JAG is no longer able to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be selected from
the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), or other mutually agreed upon arbitration provider,
as the exclusive forum for the resolution of such dispute. Provisional injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought by either party
to this offer letter in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and any provisional injunctive relief granted by
such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any dispute through
arbitration may include any remedy or relief which the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies provided
by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision that
sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrators award or decision is based. Any award or relief
granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent
jurisdiction. The parties acknowledge and agree that they are hereby waiving any rights to trial by jury in any action, proceeding
or counterclaim brought by either of the parties against the other in connection with any matter whatsoever arising out of or in
any way connected with this offer letter or your employment, and under no circumstances shall class claims be processed or participated
in by you. The Company shall be responsible for payment of the forum costs of any arbitration hereunder, including the Arbitrators
fee. In any proceeding to enforce the terms of this offer letter, the prevailing party will be entitled to its or his reasonable
attorneys fees and costs incurred by it or him in connection with resolution of the dispute in addition to any other relief
granted.

This offer letter constitutes the entire agreement
between you and the Company regarding the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company and supersedes and cancels any prior
offer letters, agreements, promises, representations, or statements that have been made between you and the Company regarding your employment.
This offer letter may only be amended or modified through a written agreement signed by you and any authorized member of the Board.

Please carefully review these terms and conditions to make sure they
are consistent with your understanding. If so, please sign this offer letter to confirm your acceptance and send a signed copy to Sarah
Mussetter, Chief Legal Officer of the Company.

We are confident you will find your employment with
the Company a challenging and rewarding endeavor. We look forward to working with you!

Sincerely 

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 

By: /s/ Sarah A. Mussetter 

Sarah A. Mussetter

Chief Legal Officer 

6 

Agreed and Accepted: 

/s/ David A. Pace 

David A. Pace 

Date: 

April 24, 2024 

7 

Annex A

Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement

[Attached]

A-1 

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC.

2024 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN

PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

THIS PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this
Award Agreement) between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (the Company), and David Pace
(the Grantee) is dated effective April 24, 2025 (the Date of Grant).

Grantee has been granted target performance stock
units as follows:

Grantee: David Pace

Date of Grant: April 24, 2025

Target Performance Stock Units (the Target
PSUs): 900,000

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Board of Directors) has adopted the Companys 2024 Performance Incentive Plan, as may be amended from
time to time (the Plan);

WHEREAS, the Plan provides for the granting
of Other Stock-Based Awards, including performance stock units, to eligible participants as determined by the Committee; and

WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that
Grantee is eligible to receive a performance stock unit (PSU) award under the Plan and has determined that it would
be in the best interest of the Company to grant to Grantee the PSU award provided for herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and Grantee agree
as follows:

1. Grant of Award. The Company hereby
grants to Grantee the Target PSUs specified above as described in this Award Agreement (the Performance Stock Unit Award).
As more fully described in Section 4, each PSU represents the right to receive one share of Stock on the Payment Date (defined below),
subject to the achievement of the applicable performance goal described in Section 4 (the Performance Goal) at target
and satisfaction of applicable vesting conditions, and Grantees continued employment or service with the Company as set forth in
Section 4.

2. Award Subject to Plan. This Performance
Stock Unit Award is granted pursuant to and is expressly subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which terms are incorporated
herein by reference.

3. Performance Period. The
performance period of the Performance Stock Unit Award is the period commencing on March 24, 2025 and ending on December 26, 2027 (the
Performance Period).

4. Calculation of Amount Earned. The
amount of Grantees Performance Stock Unit Award shall be determined based on the degree to which the specified Share Price Hurdles
(set forth below) are satisfied during the Performance Period. The total number of PSUs earned, if any, shall be the amounts earned in
respect of the performance metric as set forth below.

Share Price Hurdle* Earned Number of PSUs**

$10 350,000

$12.50 300,000

$15 250,000

*An applicable Share Price Hurdle will be considered
to be attained and the applicable number of PSUs will be deemed to be earned PSUs if the average closing price per share of the Companys
common stock over any thirty (30) consecutive trading days during the Performance Period equals or exceeds the applicable Share Price
Hurdle. If a Share Price Hurdle is achieved, such applicable number of PSUs shall be earned PSUs, despite any future changes in

A-2 

share price. There shall be no interpolation for performance
between the Share Price Hurdles. For the avoidance of doubt, if an applicable Share Price Hurdle is achieved prior to the end of the Performance
Period, then the Grantee must continue to remain employed through the dates set forth in the following table in order for such PSUs to
vest:

Period During Which the Share Price Hurdle is Achieved Treatment of PSUs Following Such Performance Achievement Treatment Upon a Termination without Cause Following Such Performance Achievement

If the Share Price Hurdle is achieved between the Grant Date and first anniversary of the Grant Date If the Grantee remains employed with the Company through the second anniversary of his Start Date (as defined in his offer letter, dated as of April 24, 2025 (the Offer Letter)), then the applicable PSUs will vest and be settled within 30 days following the second anniversary of his Start Date If the Company terminates the Grantees employment without Cause (as defined in the Offer Letter) at any time after the date of the achievement of the Share Price Hurdle, then the applicable PSUs will vest and be settled within 30 days following such vesting date

If the Share Price Hurdle is achieved between the first anniversary of the Grant Date and second anniversary of the Grant Date If the Grantee remains employed with the Company through the second anniversary of his Start Date (as defined in the Offer Letter), then the applicable PSUs will vest and be settled within 30 days following the second anniversary of his Start Date If the Company terminates the Grantees employment without Cause at any time after the date of the achievement of the Share Price Hurdle, then the applicable PSUs will vest and be settled within 30 days following such vesting date

If the Share Price Hurdle is achieved between the second anniversary of the Grant Date and the end of the Performance Period The applicable PSUs will vest on the date of the achievement of the Share Price Hurdle and be settled within 30 days following such vesting date (i.e., Grantee is not subject to continued employment after the Share Price Hurdle is achieved) Not applicable

**In the event that none of the Share Price Hurdles
are met as of the end of the Performance Period, then the Grantees Performance Stock Unit Award will be measured by Relative TSR.
In such case, provided that the Companys Relative TSR during the Performance Period falls between the percentile rankings between
25th percentile and 75th percentile among the Peer Group, 350,000 of the Target PSUs shall be deemed to be earned.

For purposes of this Award Agreement:

(1) Peer Group includes the following
companies: BJs Restaurants, Inc.; Bloomin Brands, Inc.; Brinker International, Inc.; Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.;
Dave & Busters Entertainment, Inc.; Dennys Corporation; Dine Brands Global, Inc.; First Watch Restaurant Group, Inc.;
Jack in the Box Inc.; Portillos Inc.; Shake Shack Inc.; Texas Roadhouse, Inc.; The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated; and The One
Group Hospitality, Inc. If any of the foregoing companies is acquired and ceases to be publicly traded during the Performance Period,
any such company shall be removed from the Peer Group (and treated as if it was never in the Peer Group). If any of the foregoing companies
files for (or is otherwise placed into) bankruptcy during the Performance Period, any such companys TSR shall be treated as having
(or being tied for having) the lowest TSR in the Peer Group for the Performance Period.

(2) Relative TSR means the relative total shareholder
return percentile ranking of the Company as compared to the companies in the Peer Group, ranked by TSR over the Performance Period.

(3) TSR for any company is determined
as the Ending Share Price minus the Starting Share Price plus Dividends, where:

Ending Share Price is the average closing price of a share of such companys
common stock on each trading day during the 30-consecutive-day period ending on the last day of the Performance Period.

A-3 

Starting Share Price is the average closing price of a share of such companys
common stock on each trading day during the 30-consecutive-day period ending on the first day of the Performance Period.

Dividends are the dividends actually paid (as of the
payment date) by such company during the Performance Period.

Pursuant to its authority under the Plan, the Committee
may make appropriate adjustments to reflect any changes in capitalization of the Company or any company in the Peer Group (e.g., spin-offs)
in determining the TSR, and otherwise shall make all determinations required under this Award Agreement.

5. Payment of Performance Stock Unit Award.
Subject to early termination of this Award Agreement pursuant to Section 6 or Section 7, the Company will issue to Grantee shares of Stock
representing the aggregate earned PSUs, if any, based upon the extent of achievement of the Performance Goal established by the Committee
in accordance with Section 4, and subject to Grantees continued employment or service with the Company through the applicable vesting
date as set forth in Section 4. The issuance of shares in settlement of the PSUs, if any, will be made by the Company within 30 days of
the applicable vesting date as set forth in Section 4 but by no later than March 15 of the year after the year in which the vesting date
occurs (the Payment Date). Neither dividends nor dividend equivalents will accrue or be paid on Grantees PSUs.
The issuance of shares in settlement of the PSUs, if any, will be made by the Company entering the Grantee on its books and records as
the owner of such number of shares, subject to the Companys collection of applicable withholding taxes in accordance with Section
8 below. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Award Agreement, the issuance or delivery of any shares of Stock may be postponed
for such period as may be required to comply with any requirements under any law or regulation applicable to the issuance or delivery
of such shares. The Company shall not be obligated to issue or deliver any shares of Stock if the issuance or delivery thereof shall constitute
a violation of any provision of any law or of any regulation of any governmental authority.

6. Vesting; Termination of Employment.
Except as set forth in this Section 6 and in Section 7, or as otherwise set forth in Section 4, Grantees Performance Stock Unit
Award will remain unvested until the applicable vesting date as set forth in Section 4 and, in the event that Grantee experiences a Termination
of Employment prior to the end of the Performance Period, this Award Agreement will terminate and be of no further force or effect as
of the date of any such Termination of Employment, except to the extent otherwise provided by the Committee in accordance with the Plan.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Grantees death, Disability or Retirement (each, a Vesting Event)
prior to the end of the Performance Period, each Performance Stock Unit Award will be payable at the time set forth in Section 5 as follows:

a. If the Vesting Event occurs after the completion of the Performance Period,
the number of shares of Stock earned will be based on the extent to which the Performance Goals established under Section 4 has been achieved;
and 

b. If the Vesting Event occurs before completion of the Performance Period,
the number of shares of Stock earned will be based on the extent to which the Performance Goals established under Section 4 has been achieved
as of the last day of such Performance Period, except that the number of shares of Stock earned will be pro-rated based on (i) the number
of days which have elapsed during such Performance Period up to and including the day such Vesting Event occurs, divided by (ii) the number
of days in the Performance Period.

For purposes of this Section 6, the term Retirement
means the voluntary termination of employment by Grantee from the Company when Grantees age plus years of service with the Company
(in each case measured in complete, whole years, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any period of service on the Companys
board of directors) equals or exceeds 67, provided that at the date of termination Grantee is at least 58 years of age and has completed
at least five (5) yearsof service with the Company.

For purposes of this Section 6, Disability
shall mean Grantees inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to perform the essential functions of the Grantees
job, with or without reasonable accommodation, for one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period
or a condition that entitles the Grantee to receive long-term disability benefits under the Companys long-term disability plan.
Any question as to the existence of the Grantees Disability as to which the Grantee and the Company cannot agree shall be determined
in writing by a

A-4 

qualified independent physician mutually acceptable
to the Grantee and the Company. If the Grantee and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint
such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability
made in writing to the Company and the Grantee shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Section 6.

7. Change in Control. In the event the
Company experiences a Change in Control prior to the end of the Performance Period, then, effective as of the date of such Change in Control,
the Performance Stock Unit Award will be deemed to have been earned as follows:

a. If the Change in Control occurs on or prior to the completion of the Performance
Period, the number of shares of Stock earned will equal the number of Target PSUs; and

b. If the Change in Control occurs after the completion of the Performance
Period, the number of shares of Stock earned will be based on the extent to which the Performance Goals established under Section 4 has
been achieved.

The value of each earned share as of the Change in
Control shall be based on the Company CIC Share Value. Payment shall be made in cash as soon as practicable after the Change in Control,
but in any event within five (5) business days following the Change in Control.

8. Tax Withholding. In order to comply
with all applicable federal or state income tax laws or regulations, the Company may take such action as it deems appropriate to ensure
that all applicable federal or state payroll, withholding, income or other taxes, which are the sole and absolute responsibility of Grantee,
are withheld or collected from Grantee. In accordance with the terms of the Plan, and such rules as may be adopted by the Committee under
the Plan, to satisfy Grantees federal and state tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting and payment of the Performance
Stock Unit Award, in the case where shares of Stock are to be delivered to Grantee, the Company shall be permitted in its discretion to
withhold shares of Stock otherwise to be delivered to Grantee having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes. The Company
will not deliver any fractional shares of Stock. Any additional withholding amounts owed by Grantee due to the inability to deliver fractional
shares will be deducted from Grantees next paycheck.

9. Tax Consideration. The Company has
advised Grantee to seek Grantees own tax and financial advice with regard to the federal and state tax considerations resulting
from Grantees receipt of the Performance Stock Unit Award pursuant to this Award Agreement. Grantee understands that the Company
will report to appropriate taxing authorities the payment to Grantee of compensation income upon the vesting and payment of the Performance
Stock Unit Award. Grantee understands that he or she is solely responsible for the payment of all federal and state taxes resulting from
this grant of Performance Stock Unit Award. With respect to tax withholding amounts, the Company has all of the rights specified in Section
8 of this Award Agreement and has no obligations to Grantee except as expressly stated in Section 8 of this Award Agreement.

10. Restrictive Covenants. Grantee will
be subject to the restrictive covenants as set forth in the Offer Letter.

11. Injunctive Relief. The parties hereto
agree that either party hereto would suffer irreparable harm from a breach by the other party of any of the covenants or agreements contained
in Section 10, for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, in the event of the actual or threatened breach by a party of
any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, the other party, and in the case of the Company, its respective successors or assigns,
may, in addition and supplementary to other rights and remedies existing in their favor, apply to any court of law or equity of competent
jurisdiction for specific performance, injunctive or other relief (without the necessity of posting bond or security) in order to enforce
compliance with, or prevent any violation of, the provisions hereof; and that, in the event of such breach or threat thereof by one party,
the other party shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary injunction restraining the other party
from engaging in activities prohibited hereby or such other relief as may be required to specifically enforce any of the covenants contained
herein.

12. Notices. Any notice to be given
under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Company at its principal office to the attention of the
Secretary, and to Grantee at the address last reflected on the Companys payroll records (including via e-mail if Grantee is then
employed by the Company), or at such other

A-5 

address as either party may hereafter designate in
writing to the other. Any such notice (if not sent via e-mail) shall be delivered in person or shall be enclosed in a properly sealed
envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post
office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Government. Any such notice shall be given only when received,
but if Grantee is no longer employed by the Company or a Subsidiary, shall be deemed to have been duly given five business days after
the date mailed in accordance with the foregoing provisions in this Section 12.

13. Conflicts and Interpretation. In
the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and of the Plan, the terms and conditions
of the Plan shall govern. Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Grantee acknowledges having read
and understanding the Plan, the prospectus for the Plan, and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly provided in other sections
of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority on the Board of Directors or the Committee do not
and shall not be deemed to create any rights in Grantee unless such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole
discretion of the Board of Directors or the Committee so conferred by appropriate action of the Board of Directors or the Committee under
the Plan after the date hereof.

14. Entire Agreement; Amendment. Except
as may otherwise be provided in any employment, severance or other agreement between the Company and Grantee, or any Company plan in which
Grantee participates, this Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior understandings
and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company may modify, amend or waive
the terms of the Performance Stock Unit Award, prospectively or retroactively, but no such modification, amendment or waiver shall materially
and adversely affect the rights of Grantee without his or her consent, except as required by applicable law, NASDAQ or stock exchange
rules, tax rules or accounting rules. The waiver by either party of compliance with any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate
or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of
this Award Agreement.

15. Choice of Law. This Award Agreement
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law
principles thereunder.

16. Binding Effect. This Award Agreement
shall bind Grantee and the Company and their beneficiaries, survivors, executors, administrators and transferees.

17. Limitations; No Employment/Service Commitment.
Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan constitutes a continued employment or service commitment by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, affects Grantees status, if he or she is an employee, as an employee at will who is subject to termination without
Cause, confers upon Grantee any right to remain employed by or in service to the Company or any Subsidiary, interferes in any way with
the right of the Company or any Subsidiary at any time to terminate such employment or service, or affects the right of the Company or
any Subsidiary to increase or decrease Grantees other compensation. Payment of any Performance Stock Unit Award amount is not secured
by a trust, insurance contract or other funding medium, and Grantee does not have any interest in any fund or specific assets of the Company
or any of its Affiliates by reason of this Performance Stock Unit Award. Grantee has no rights as a stockholder of the Company pursuant
to this Award Agreement until and unless shares of Stock are actually delivered to Grantee.

18. Code Section 409A. The Performance
Stock Unit Award granted under this Award Agreement is intended to fit within the short-term deferral exemption from Section
409A of the Code. In administering this Award Agreement, the Company shall interpret this Award Agreement in a manner consistent with
such exemption.

19. Forfeiture. Grantee must reimburse
or forfeit to the Company any payment received or to be received hereunder by Grantee to the extent required by the clawback policy adopted
by the Board of Directors.

20. Non-Transferability. Performance
Stock Units shall not be transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation,
or as otherwise permitted by the Plan. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts,
liabilities, or torts of Grantee. Grantee agrees that the Performance Stock Units will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner
that would constitute a violation of any applicable federal or state securities laws. Any purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment,

A-6 

sale, transfer or other encumbrance of shares of unvested
Performance Stock Units that does not satisfy the requirements of this Award Agreement and the Plan shall, prior to the payment or forfeiture
of the Performance Stock Unit Award, be void and unenforceable against the Company.

21. Definitions. To the extent not specifically
defined in this Award Agreement, each capitalized term used in this Award Agreement has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan.

22. Committee Administration. The Committee
has sole and exclusive responsibility for construing and interpreting this Award Agreement and for resolving all questions arising under
this Award Agreement. Any decision or action taken by the Committee arising out of, or in connection with, the construction, administration,
interpretation and effect of this Award Agreement will be conclusive and binding upon all persons.

23. Severability. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this Award Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this
Award Agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. Moreover, if any provision is found to be excessively broad in duration,
scope or covered activity, the provision will be construed so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law.

A-7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed
this Award Agreement as of the Date of Grant.

Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 

By: 

Its: 

A-8 

Annex B

Restrictive Covenants

Confidentiality. Except in the good-faith performance
of your duties, you will not disclose to any person or entity or use, any information not in the public domain, in any form, acquired
by you while employed or associated with the Company or RRI or, if acquired thereafter, such information which, to your knowledge, has
been acquired, directly or indirectly, from any person or entity owing a duty of confidentiality to the Company or RRI, relating to the
Company or its business. All such information, in any form, and copies and extracts thereof are and will remain the sole and exclusive
property of the Company, and you will on request return to the Company the originals and all copies of any such information provided to
or acquired by you in connection with your association with the Company or RRI, and will return to the Company all files, you and/or other
communications received, maintained and/or originated by you during the course of such association. Upon termination of your employment
for any reason, you will deliver to the Company all of the property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and non-personal documents
and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in each case within your possession and control,
and you will not take any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any
confidential information. Nothing in this Annex B restricts or prohibits you from initiating communications directly with, responding
to any inquiries from, providing testimony before, providing confidential information to, reporting possible violations of law or regulation
to, or from filing a claim or assisting with an investigation directly with a self-regulatory authority or a government agency or entity,
including the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Department
of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or from making other disclosures that
are protected under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation.

Non-Compete. You agree that, while employed
and during the twenty-four (24) months after the date of termination of your employment with the Company (the Restrictive Period),
you will not directly or indirectly, either for yourself or for, with or through any other person or entity, own, manage, operate, control,
be employed by, participate in, loan money to or be connected in any manner with, or permit your name to be used by, either (i) any business
that, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, competes with the Company and its subsidiaries in the burger-focused restaurant business
in (x) the United States, (y) the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, or (z) any other country, province or territory
in which the Company conducts business as of the date your employment terminates, or (ii) the following casual dining and brew-centric
restaurant concepts (and their successors): Five Guys, Chilis, Applebees, Ruby Tuesday, TGIFridays, Texas Roadhouse, BJs,
Yardhouse, Millers Ale House and Brickhouse (Competitive Activity). The foregoing will not prohibit you from serving
as a non-employee member of the board of directors of a burger-focused restaurant business other than (I) a burger-focused casual dining
business or (II) any of the businesses listed in the immediately preceding clause (ii). For purposes of this offer letter, participate
includes any direct or indirect interest, whether as an officer, director, employee, partner, sole proprietor, trustee, beneficiary, agent,
representative, independent contractor, consultant, advisor, provider of personal services, creditor, owner (other than by ownership of
less than five percent (5%) of the stock of a publicly-held corporation whose stock is traded on a national securities exchange).

Non-Solicit. During the Restrictive Period,
you will not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly through any other person or entity (i) induce
or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or RRI at the level of Assistant Store Manager or higher in restaurant operations or
the level of Director or higher at the Companys home office to leave the employ of the Company or RRI, or in any way interfere
with the relationship between the Company or RRI and any employee thereof (for the sake of clarity, this clause (i) shall not be violated
by virtue of general advertisements or solicitations for positions that are not targeted at employees of the Company or RRI), (ii) hire
any person who was an employee of the Company or RRI at the level of Assistant Store Manager or higher in restaurant operations or the
level of Director or higher at the Companys home office within twelve months after such persons employment with the Company
or RRI was terminated for any reason or (iii) induce or attempt to induce any supplier or other business relation of the Company or RRI
to cease doing business with the Company or RRI, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such supplier or business relation
and the Company or RRI, in the case of clauses (i) or (iii), to the extent any such actions result (or would reasonably be expected to
result) in harm to the Company or RRI.

B-1 

Nondisparagement. You agree not to disparage
the Company, any of its products or practices, or any of its directors, officers, stockholders, or affiliates (each in their capacities
as such), either orally or in writing, at any time; provided that you may confer in confidence with your legal representatives, make truthful
statements as required by law or when requested by a governmental, regulatory or similar body or entity and/or make truthful statements
in the course of performing duties to the Company.

Injunctive Relief. You agree that the Company
would suffer irreparable harm from your breach of any of the covenants or agreements contained in this offer letter, for which there is
no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, in the event of the actual or threatened breach by a party of any of the provisions of this offer
letter, the Company, its respective successors or assigns, may, in addition and supplementary to other rights and remedies existing in
their favor, apply to any court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance, injunctive or other relief (without
the necessity of posting bond or security) in order to enforce compliance with, or prevent any violation of, the provisions of this offer
letter; and will be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction restraining your from
engaging in activities prohibited by this offer letter or such other relief as may be required to specifically enforce any of the covenants
contained in this offer letter.

You agree that the restrictive covenants in this Section
are reasonable with respect to their duration, geographical area, and scope. In the event that any of the provisions of the foregoing
restrictive covenants relating to the geographic or temporal scope of such covenants or the nature of the business or activities restricted
thereby are declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum restrictiveness such court deems enforceable, such provision
shall be deemed to be replaced in this offer letter by the maximum restriction deemed enforceable by such court.

B-2 

Annex C

Section 409A

It is intended that compensation or benefits payable
under this offer letter not be subject to the additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (Code),
and this offer letter shall be interpreted accordingly.

In no event whatsoever will the Company be liable
for any additional tax, interest or penalty incurred by you as a result of the failure of any payment or benefit to satisfy the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code.

Your right to a series of installment payments under
this offer letter will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii).
In addition, payments or benefits will be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible as short-term
deferrals pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), as involuntary separation pay pursuant to Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and/or under any other exemption that may be applicable.

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, (i)
no amount of non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code that is payable in connection with the termination
of your employment will be paid to you unless the termination of your employment constitutes a separation from service within
the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Department of Treasury Regulations; (ii) if you are deemed at the time of your separation from
service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent that delayed commencement
of any portion of the termination benefits to which you are entitled under this offer letter (after taking into account all exclusions
applicable to such termination benefits under Section 409A) is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code, such portion of your termination benefits will not be provided to you prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month
period measured from the date of your separation from service with the Company (as such term is defined in the Department
of Treasury Regulations issued under Section 409A) and (B) the date of your death; provided, that upon the earlier of such dates,
all payments deferred pursuant to the foregoing will be paid to you in a lump sum, and any remaining payments due will be paid as otherwise
provided in this offer letter; (iii) the determination of whether you are a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code as of the time of your separation from service will be made by the Company in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of
the Code and applicable guidance thereunder (including, without limitation, Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Department of Treasury Regulations
and any successor provision thereto).

To the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or
in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, such reimbursement or benefit will be
provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed
in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided
in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year.

C-1 

Annex D

Definitions

Cause means (i) your continual
and deliberate gross neglect in the performance of his material duties; (ii) your continual and deliberate failure to devote substantially
all of your working time to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries (other than as expressly permitted in this offer letter or
by applicable state or federal law); (iii) your continual and deliberate failure to follow the lawful directives of the Board relating
to your duties and responsibilities in any material respect; (iv) your engaging in misconduct in connection with the performance of any
of your duties, including, without limitation, falsifying or attempting to falsify documents, books or records of the Company or its subsidiaries,
misappropriating or attempting to misappropriate funds or other property, or securing or attempting to secure any personal profit in connection
with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries; (v) your violation, in any material respect, of any material
policy or of any code or standard of behavior or conduct generally applicable to employees of the Company; (vi) your breach of the material
provisions of this offer letter or any other non-competition, non-interference, non-disclosure, confidentiality or other similar agreement
executed by you with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or other act of disloyalty to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including,
without limitation, aiding a competitor or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information); or (vii) your engaging in other misconduct
that is reasonably likely to result in material injury to the reputation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, commission of a felony, fraud, embezzlement, or other crime involving dishonesty. A termination for Cause by the Company of
any of the events described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above shall only be effective on thirty (30) days advance written
notification, providing you the opportunity to cure, if reasonably capable of cure within such thirty (30)-day period; but no such notification
is required if the Cause event is not reasonably capable of cure or the Board determines that its fiduciary obligation legally requires
it to effect a termination for Cause immediately. In any event, the Board may suspend you with compensation while it conducts a good faith
inquiry of whether grounds for Cause exist.

Change in Control has the meaning
given such term in the Companys Executive CIC Severance Plan.

Good Reason means the occurrence, without your express written consent, of: (i) any reduction in your total compensation
of ten percent (10%) or more (other than an across-the-board reduction in the total compensation applicable and payable to each of the
Companys executives); (ii) a relocation of the Companys headquarters to a location more than twenty (20) miles from the
location of the Companys headquarters prior to such relocation; (iii) any breach by the Company of any material provision of this
offer letter; (iv) a significant reduction in the then-effective responsibilities of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company; or (v)
a change in your reporting structure that results in you no longer reporting directly to the Board; provided that you give written
notice to the Company of the existence of such a condition within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the condition, the Company
has at least thirty (30) days from the date when such notice is provided to cure the condition without being required to make payments
due to termination by the Company for Good Reason (the Cure Period), and you actually terminate your employment for
Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Cure Period. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Board appoints
someone as President of the Company, you acknowledge and agree that any such appointment alone, with no other changes to the terms of
your employment, will not constitute Good Reason so long as you remain the Chief Executive Officer of the Company who still
reports directly to the Board.

D-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eh250618999_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.2

SEPARATION AND TRANSITION
AGREEMENT

This Separation and Transition
Agreement (the Agreement) is dated as of April 24, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and among
Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and G.J. Hart (the Executive).

WHEREAS, the Executive is
employed by the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc., a Nevada corporation (RRI),
and is a party to that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022 (as amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time,
the Employment Agreement);

WHEREAS, capitalized terms
used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement are defined as set forth in the Employment Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Executive serves
the Company, RRI, and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates (the Company Group) in the office of President
and Chief Executive Officer;

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Executive have agreed that, on the Effective Date, the Executive shall (i) step down from his role as President and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and shall cease to be an executive officer of the Company Group, and (ii) resign from any and all titles, positions,
and appointments the Executive holds with the Company or any member of the Company Group in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
(other than, for the avoidance of doubt, his role as Special Advisor (as defined below));

WHEREAS, between the Effective
Date and September 24, 2025, the Executive will serve as a special advisor to the Company, pursuant to the terms set forth in Sections
2 and 3 of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company and
the Executive have agreed that the Executives employment with the Company shall terminate on September 24, 2025 (the Separation
Date);

WHEREAS, the Company wishes
to provide the Executive with a severance package, which is conditioned on the Executives timely, irrevocable execution of this
Agreement and fulfilling all of his obligations in both the Employment Agreement, as applicable, and this Agreement, including his continued
compliance with certain restrictive covenants that survive his separation from service with the Company Group; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to set forth in this Agreement the terms and conditions of the Executives separation from employment, and this Agreement shall
govern the Executives and the Companys respective rights and obligations in connection with such separation.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the promises, mutual covenants and other good and valuable consideration set forth in this Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Executive and the Company (the Parties) agree as follows:

1. Entire Agreement.

Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, this Agreement, and the release set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement, is the entire agreement between the Parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and contains all agreements, whether written, oral, express, or implied, between the Parties
relating thereto and supersedes and extinguishes all other agreements relating thereto, whether written, oral, express, or implied, between
the Parties, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Companys Executive Severance Plan, effective as of August 25, 2023.

2. Transition Period.

During the period between the
Effective Date and the Separation Date (the Transition Period) the Executive will serve as a special advisor to
the Company (Special Advisor), and will perform the transition and advisory services described hereunder for ten
(10) hours per week, if required or requested by the Company. While serving as Special Advisor, the Executive will provide such support
to the Companys Chief Executive Officer, as requested by the Companys Chief Executive Officer, including participation
in the May 2025 earnings call (collectively, the Services). The Executive agrees and acknowledges that the Executive
will perform his Services as Special Advisor during the Transition Period. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Executive
fails to perform the Services described hereunder, including a failure to participate in the May 2025 earnings call or to provide ten
(10) hours per week of Services (if required or requested by the Company), the Transition Period will terminate with immediate effect
(with such earlier termination date being the Separation Date for the purposes of this Agreement) and any unpaid Monthly
Service Fee (as defined below) will be forfeited; provided, however, that before any termination of the Transition Period, cessation
of the Monthly Service Fee, or cessation of any severance benefits, including the 2025 Pro-Rata Bonus (as defined below), the Company
shall first provide the Executive written notice of any alleged failure to perform Services as required hereunder and a period of not
less than fourteen (14) calendar days for the Executive to cure any alleged failure.

3. Transition Fee.

Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, the Executives satisfactory provision of the Services and compliance with the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement, during the Transition Period, the Company will pay the Executive a monthly rate of $110,000 prorated (x)
for the first month of the Transition Period or (y) if the Executive resigns or terminates the Services before the end of the Transition
Period (the Monthly Service Fee). Any Monthly Service Fee earned will be payable bi-weekly through the Companys
payroll. In addition, the Company will reimburse the Executive for any actual, reasonable and documented expenses incurred in connection
with the Executives provision of the Services hereunder, but only to the extent that such expenses are approved in advance by the
Chief Executive Officer and incurred in accordance with the Companys travel and expense policy. For the avoidance of doubt, during
the Transition Period, the Executive shall not be eligible for an annual bonus or any annual long-term incentive awards, except as expressly
set forth herein.

2 

4. Separation from Service.

A.General. The Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that (x) his separation from service with the Company Group
will become effective on the Separation Date and (y) his resignation from any and all titles, positions, and appointments the Executive
holds with the Company or any member of the Company Group, whether as an officer, director, employee, consultant, trustee, committee member,
agent, or otherwise, will become effective as of the Effective Date (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, his role as Special Advisor).
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, effective as of the Effective Date, the Executive shall have no authority to act on behalf
of any member of the Company Group and shall not hold himself out as having such authority, enter into any agreement or incur any obligations
on behalf of any member of the Company Group, commit any member of the Company Group in any manner, or otherwise act in an executive or
other decision-making capacity with respect to any member of the Company Group. The Executive agrees to promptly execute such documents
as the Company, in its sole discretion, shall reasonably deem necessary to effect such resignations. The Separation Date shall be the
termination date of the Executives employment for purposes of participation in and coverage under all benefit plans and programs
sponsored by or through the Company, except as otherwise provided herein.

5. Entitlements.

In consideration for, and
subject to, the Executives entering into this Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits set forth
in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the payments and benefits described in
this Agreement (other than those described in Section 5.A) are subject to (i) the Executives execution and delivery of this
Agreement (including the release set forth in Section 9 herein) within twenty-one (21) days following the date hereof, (ii) the Executives
continued compliance with all restrictive covenants with the Company Group to which he is subject (including the restrictive covenants
in Annex A of the Employment Agreement, which are incorporated by reference herein), and (iii) the Executives continued compliance
with this Agreement (subject to any notice-and-cure periods under this Agreement).

A.Accrued Obligations. The Company shall pay to the Executive (i) an amount equal to the sum of (1) the Executives
Annual Base Salary or Monthly Service Fee, as applicable, through the Separation Date to the extent not theretofore paid and (2) reimbursement
for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the Separation Date, which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash within thirty (30)
days following the Separation Date or such earlier date as may be required by law, and (ii) any payments, benefits, or fringe benefits
to which the Executive shall be entitled under the terms of any applicable law or applicable compensation arrangement or benefit, equity
or fringe benefit plan or program or grant, or the Employment Agreement, which shall be paid at such times and in such forms as provided
for by such plan, program, or grant or such earlier date as may be required by law; provided, that this Section 5.A shall not result
in duplication of benefits with any other payment or benefit under this Agreement or any other agreement or plan. For the avoidance of
doubt, any medical, dental, and other health insurance coverage in which the Executive (and his beneficiaries) participate as of the Separation
Date shall continue through the end of the month during which the Separation Date takes place.

3 

B.Severance. The Company shall (i) pay to the Executive an aggregate amount equal to $1,800,000, which equals eighteen
(18) months of the Executives Annual Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Date, in installment payments
over the eighteen (18) months following the Separation Date in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices, and (ii)
pay to the Executive a lump-sum cash payment equal to a pro rata portion of the Executives Annual Bonus, if any, for 2025 based
on full-year actual performance of the Company (as determined by the Board and the Compensation Committee), determined by multiplying
such Annual Bonus by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the then-current calendar year through May 31, 2025 and
the denominator of which is three hundred and sixty-five (365), payable at such time as bonuses are generally paid by the Company to its
similarly situated executives (the 2025 Pro-Rata Bonus). For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive must participate in the
May 2025 earnings call to be eligible to receive the 2025 Pro-Rata Bonus.

C.Full Satisfaction. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, (i)
the Executive is not entitled to any other compensation or benefits from the Company or any member of the Company Group (including, without
limitation, any severance or termination compensation or benefits), and (ii) as of and after the Separation Date, except for purposes
of any medical, dental, and other health insurance coverage in which the Executive (and his beneficiaries) participate pursuant to Section
5.B of this Agreement, the Executive shall no longer participate in, accrue service credit, or have contributions made on his behalf under
any employee benefit plan sponsored by any member of the Company Group in respect of periods commencing on and following the Separation
Date, including without limitation, any plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the Code).

D.Equity. The Executives vested restricted stock units that are subject solely to time-based vesting conditions
(the RSUs) and performance-based RSUs (PSUs) shall be subject to the terms and conditions of
the applicable equity plan and award agreements issued thereunder. The Executives unvested RSUs granted in September 2022 (the
2022 RSU Award) will remain outstanding and eligible to vest during the Transition Period. For the avoidance of doubt,
a total of 41,254 of the Executives RSUs from the 2022 RSU Award shall vest during or upon the end of the Transition Period, subject
to the Executives continued employment during the Transition Period. Any other outstanding but unvested RSUs and unvested PSUs,
as of the Effective Date, shall be immediately forfeited as of the Effective Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive must provide
the Services (subject to any applicable notice-and-cure period under this Agreement) throughout the Transition Period to be eligible to
continue vesting in his 2022 RSU Award, including the full vesting of the 41,254 total RSUs in the final tranche of the 2022 RSU Award
during or upon end of the Transition Period.

6.Post-Employment
Cooperation. For a period of six months (6) following the Separation Date, upon reasonable request and notice the Executive shall
cooperate to the best of his ability with the Company to answer, to the extent of his personal knowledge, any questions or provide any
information that the Company reasonably requires, and to cooperate to the best of his ability in any other manner reasonably requested
by the Company related to the transition of the Executives job duties and responsibilities to a designated representative or agent
of the Company; provided, however, that the Executives cooperation pursuant to this sentence shall not require the

4 

Executive to cooperate more than three (3) hours
per workweek during normal business hours. For a period of three (3) years following the Separation Date, upon reasonable request and
notice, the Executive shall cooperate to the best of his ability with the Company in preparing for any trials, hearings, or other proceedings,
and providing truthful testimony in connection therewith, in each case relating to his time of employment with the Company and the business
of the Company, and provided that such cooperation shall only pertain to such matters within the Executives personal knowledge.
The Company shall reimburse the Executive for any reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him in connection with his compliance
with this Section 6 pursuant to the Companys expense reimbursement policy. The Company agrees that the Executives obligations
in this Section 6 are not intended to unreasonably interfere with his ongoing business and personal activities.

7.Restrictive
Covenants. The Executive agrees that Annex A of the Employment Agreement survives the termination of his employment, and he confirms
that he is bound by such provisions, including but not limited to the non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement
obligations set forth therein. The Executive also agrees that he is subject to continuing obligations under the terms of the equity award
agreements between the Executive and the Company that survive the termination of his employment, and he confirms that he is bound by
such provisions, including the non-solicitation obligations set forth therein. If there is a conflict between the Executives continuing
obligations under the Employment Agreement, the equity award agreements, and any other restrictive covenants to which the Executive may
be bound, the provisions more protective of the Company Groups interests shall apply, as determined by the Company Group in its
sole discretion.

8.No
Complaints, Claims, or Actions Filed. The Executive represents that the Executive has not filed any complaints, claims, or actions
against the Company or any Released Party (as defined in Section 9 below) with any state, federal, or local agency or court. Subject
to Section 13 of this Agreement, the Executive covenants and agrees that the Executive will not file any complaints, claims, or actions
against the Company or any Released Party with respect to a claim released pursuant to Section 9 below at any time hereafter. The Executive
warrants and represents that, as of the date of execution of this Agreement, the Executive is not aware of any facts that would establish,
tend to establish, or in any way support an allegation that the Company or any Released Party has engaged in conduct that the Executive
believes could violate any federal, state, or local law, or to the extent that the Executive has or ever had any such information, the
Executive has reported that information to the Company in accordance with Company policy.

9.Release of All Claims. In consideration for the promises and obligations set forth in this Agreement, the Executive hereby
irrevocably, unconditionally, and fully releases the Company, RRI, each member of the Company Group, and any affiliated entities, and
each and all of its/their current and former shareholders, officers, agents, directors, supervisors, employees, and representatives, and
its/their successors and assigns, and all persons acting by, though, under, or in concert with any of them (Released Parties),
from any and all charges, complaints, claims, and liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected
(hereinafter referred to as claim or claims), that the Executive at any time had or claimed to have or that
the Executive may have or claim to have regarding any matter as of the date of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any and
all claims related to or in any manner incidental

5 

to the Executives employment or termination
of employment with the Company. It is expressly understood by the Executive that among the various rights and claims being waived in
this release include those arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act (ADEA), the Family and Medical Leave Act, common law and any and all other applicable federal, state,
county or local statutes, ordinances, or regulations, and the law of contract and tort. The released claims also include claims of discrimination
or harassment on the basis of workers compensation status, but do not include workers compensation claims. By signing this
Agreement, the Executive acknowledges that the Executive intends to waive and release all rights known or unknown that Executive may
have against the Released Parties under these and any other laws; provided that the Executive does not waive or release claims with respect
to (A) any rights that the Executive may have to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, (B) any claims or
rights under any indemnification policy or insurance plan of any member of the Company Group, which all parties acknowledge survive the
termination of the Executives employment pursuant to its terms, (C) any claims under Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, 29 U.S.C. 1001, et seq., relating to an employee benefit plan that is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, or that is a medical or health care plan, (D) any claims that Executive may have against Company for breach
of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, (E) any claims for workers compensation insurance coverage or unemployment
insurance coverage, and (F) any claims or other rights that cannot be released as a matter of law.

10.Reemployment. The Executive hereby waives any and all claims to reemployment with the Company or any of its affiliates and
affirmatively agrees not to seek further employment with the Company or any of its affiliates.

11.Release of Claims and Notices Required under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and the Older Workers Benefit Protection
Act. The Executive understands and agrees that the Executive:

A.Has been offered at least twenty-one (21) days during which to consider this Agreement before signing it and understands that if
he signs this Agreement prior to the expiration of such twenty-one (21) day period he knowingly and voluntarily waives the remainder of
such consideration period;

B.Has carefully read and fully understands all of the provisions of this Agreement;

C.Is waiving and releasing any rights under the ADEA, among other claims;

D.Knowingly and voluntarily agrees to all of the terms set forth in this Agreement;

E.Knowingly and voluntarily intends to be legally bound by the terms of this Agreement;

F.Was advised and hereby is advised in writing to consider the terms of this Agreement and consult with an attorney of the Executives
choice prior to executing this Agreement;

G.Has a full seven (7) days from the date of execution of this to revoke this Agreement (including, without limitation, any and all
claims arising under the ADEA) by sending written

6 

notice to Sarah Mussetter, Chief Legal Officer,
and that neither the Company nor any other person is obligated to provide any payments or benefits to the Executive pursuant to Section
5.B until eight (8) days have passed since the Executives signing of this Agreement without the Executives having revoked
this Agreement;

H.Understands that rights or claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 621, et seq.)
that may arise after the date this Agreement is executed are not waived;

I.Understands that nothing in this Agreement (including Section 9) prevents or precludes the Executive from challenging or seeking
a determination of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA in good faith, nor that it imposes any condition precedent, penalties, or
costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law;

J.Understands that once the Company has made its final offer of severance, any changes, whether material or immaterial, to this Agreement
do not restart the twenty-one (21) day period in which to consider the Agreement before signing it; and

12.No Admission of Liability. This Agreement and compliance with this Agreement shall not be construed as an admission by the
Company or any Released Party of any liability whatsoever, or as an admission by the Company or any Released Party of any violations of
the rights of the Executive or any person or violation of any order, law, statute, duty, or contract whatsoever against the Executive
or any person. The Company and each Released Party specifically disclaims any liability to the Executive or any other person for any alleged
violation of the rights of the Executive or any person, or for any alleged violation of any order, law, statute, duty, or contract on
the part of the Company or any Released Party.

13.Communication with Government Agency. Nothing in this Agreement, including Sections 6, 8, and 9, (A) limits or affects the
Executives right to challenge the validity of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a challenge under the ADEA; (B) in
any way interferes with the Executives right and responsibility to give truthful testimony under oath; or (C) precludes the Executive
from participating in an investigation, filing a charge or otherwise communicating with any federal, state or local government office,
official or agency, including, but not limited to, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Department of Labor, or National Labor
Relations Board. However, the Executive promises never to seek or accept any compensatory damages, back pay, front pay, or reinstatement
remedies for the Executive personally with respect to any claims released by this Agreement.

14. Miscellaneous.

A.Modification.
This Agreement may not be modified or amended, nor may any rights hereunder be waived, except in a writing signed and agreed to by the
Parties.

B.Notices.
Any notice given pursuant to this Agreement to any party hereto shall be deemed to have been duly given when mailed by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight courier, or when hand delivered as follows:

7 

If to the Company:

Red Robin International, Inc.

10000 E. Geddes Avenue, Suite 500

Englewood, CO 80112

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

If to the Executive, at the Executives most recent address
on the payroll records of the Company.

or at such other address any party shall from time to time designate
by written notice, in the manner provided herein, to the other parties hereto.

C.Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Executive and the Company Group and upon their respective
heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors, and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of said parties, and each of
them, and to their respective heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors, and assigns. The Executive expressly warrants
that the Executive has not transferred to any party or entity any rights, causes of action, or claims released in this Agreement. The
Executive agrees that each successor or affiliate of the Company shall be an express third-party beneficiary hereto and shall be entitled
to enforce the provisions of this Agreement.

D.General Consequences of Breach. If any party to this Agreement breaches this Agreement, for example, by bringing
a lawsuit based on claims that such party has released, by making a false representation in this Agreement, by failing to make any payments
due under this Agreement, by failing to provide any notice-and-cure period provided by this Agreement, or by a past or future breach of
Section 6 of this Agreement, the non-breaching party will be entitled to recover all damages flowing from such breach; specifically, including,
but not limited to reasonable attorneys fees and all other costs incurred by the non-breaching party as a result of the breach
or false representation, such as the cost of defending any suit brought with respect to a released claim by the breaching party.

E.Taxes.
The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of any and all required federal, state, local, and foreign taxes incurred, or to be
incurred, in connection with any amounts payable to the Executive under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, the Company or any member of the Company Group, as applicable, may withhold from all amounts payable under this Agreement
all federal, state, local, and foreign taxes that are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable laws and regulations.

F.Section
409A. The Parties intend that the compensation and benefits under this Agreement either be exempt from or compliant with Section
409A of the Code (Section 409A), and Annex B of the Employment Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference mutatis
mutandis as if fully set forth herein. For purposes of Section 409A, Executives right to receive installment payments pursuant
to Section 5.B of this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments.

G.Severability.
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining terms and conditions of
this Agreement shall be unaffected

8 

and shall remain in full force and effect.
In addition, if any provision is determined to be invalid or unenforceable due to its duration and/or scope, the duration and/or scope
of such provision, as the case may be, shall be reduced, such reduction shall be to the smallest extent necessary to comply with applicable
law, and such provision shall be enforceable, in its reduced form, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

H.Entire Agreement Between Parties. This Agreement (and the documents referenced herein) sets forth the entire agreement
between the Parties hereto and, unless otherwise set forth herein, fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings, written
or oral, between the Parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof; provided, however, if there is a conflict between
this Agreement and any confidentiality, non-compete, or non-solicitation agreement the Executive previously signed, the provisions more
protective of the Companys interests shall apply, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

I.Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing
signed by the Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive) that expressly identifies the amended
provision of this Agreement. By an instrument in writing similarly executed and similarly identifying the waived compliance, the Executive
or a duly authorized officer of the Company may waive compliance by the other party or parties with any provision of this Agreement that
such other party was or is obligated to comply with or perform; provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate as
a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure to comply or perform. No failure to exercise and no delay in
exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided
herein or by law or in equity.

J.Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL RELATIONS HEREBY CREATED BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES
THEREOF. THE EXECUTIVE SHALL SUBMIT TO THE VENUE AND PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF THE COLORADO STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS CONCERNING ANY DISPUTE
FOR WHICH JUDICIAL REDRESS IS PERMITTED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT; HOWEVER THE COMPANY IS NOT LIMITED IN SEEKING RELIEF IN THOSE COURTS.

K.Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided herein, any controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, its
enforcement or interpretation, or because of an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of its provisions,
or any other controversy arising out of the Executives employment, including, but not limited to, any state or federal statutory
or common law claims, shall be submitted to arbitration in Denver, Colorado, before a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator)
selected from Judicial Arbiter Group, Inc., Denver, Colorado, or its successor (JAG), or if JAG is no longer able
to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be selected from the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS),
or other mutually agreed upon arbitration provider, as the exclusive forum for the resolution of such dispute. Provisional injunctive
relief may, but need not, be sought by either party to this Agreement in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and
any provisional injunctive relief

9 

granted by such court shall remain effective
until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or
relief which the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes.
At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions
upon which the Arbitrators award or decision is based. Any award or relief granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and
binding on the Parties and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties acknowledge and agree that they are hereby
waiving any rights to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the Parties against the other in connection
with any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Agreement or the Executives employment, and under no
circumstances shall class claims be processed or participated in by the Executive. The Parties agree that Company shall be responsible
for payment of the forum costs of any arbitration hereunder, including the Arbitrators fee. The Executive and the Company further
agree that in any proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party, as determined by the Arbitrator, shall be entitled
to its or his reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by it or him in connection with resolution of the dispute in addition
to any other relief granted.

L.Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of identification only and are not intended to describe,
interpret, define or limit the scope, extent, or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof.

M.Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed drafted equally by the Parties. Its language shall be construed as a
whole and according to its fair meaning. Any presumption or principle that the language is to be construed against any party shall not
apply. The headings in this Agreement are only for convenience and are not intended to affect construction or interpretation. Any references
to paragraphs, subparagraphs, sections, or subsections are to those parts of this Agreement, unless the context clearly indicates to the
contrary. Also, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary: (i) the plural includes the singular, and the singular includes
the plural; (ii) and and or are each used both conjunctively and disjunctively; (iii) any, all,
each, or every means any and all, and each and every; (iv) includes
and including are each without limitation; and (v) herein, hereof, hereunder,
and other similar compounds of the word here refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular paragraph, subparagraph,
section, or subsection.

N.Counterparts.
The Agreement may be executed by one or more of the Parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts and all such counterparts shall
be deemed to be one and the same instrument. Each party hereto confirms that any facsimile copy or .pdf of such partys executed
counterpart of the Agreement (or its signature page thereof) shall be deemed to be an executed original thereof.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date written below.

EXECUTIVE 

Date: April 24, 2024 /s/ G.J. Hart 

G.J. Hart 

COMPANY 

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 

Date: April 24, 2024 By: /s/ Sarah A. Mussetter 

Name: Sarah A. Mussetter 

Title: Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>eh250618999_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 99.1

Red
Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Announces Leadership Transition

G.J.
Hart to Step Down Following Transformative Tenure as President and Chief Executive Officer 

Chairman
David A. Pace Appointed as Successor

Anthony
S. Ackil Appointed as Chairman of the Board 

ENGLEWOOD,
Colo., April 24, 2025 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (NASDAQ: RRGB) (Red Robin or the Company),
a full-service restaurant chain serving an innovative selection of high-quality gourmet burgers in a family-friendly atmosphere, today
announced that G.J. Hart will step down as President and Chief Executive Officer. After five-and-a-half years with the Company and the
successful implementation of measures to elevate the guest experience and transform Red Robin into an operations-focused restaurant company,
Mr. Hart will now transition to serving the industry through his various board commitments and mentoring the next generation of industry
leaders.

David
A. Pace, who currently serves as Chairman of the Board, will succeed Mr. Hart as President and CEO, effective immediately. Mr. Pace is
a seasoned industry leader who will be focused on leading the Company through the next phase of its transformation. Mr. Hart will serve
in an advisory capacity through September of this year to support a smooth transition.

In
connection with this transition, Anthony S. Ackil, who currently serves as a Director on the Board, will succeed Mr. Pace as Chairman,
also effective immediately. Mr. Pace will remain a member of the Board.

It
has been a privilege to lead such an iconic brand over the last two-and-a-half years. Together we have made important strides in strengthening
the essential foundation of great food and great service, and I look at our progress with immense pride, said Mr. Hart. With
key elements of the North Star plan now in place and as we close the books on another quarter of strong financial performance in the
first quarter, we have reached a natural inflection point in Red Robins transformation, and I am confident that the Company is
in great hands with Dave to lead the next phase of this journey. Dave and I have built a trusted, long-standing relationship, and I know
that his knowledge of our industry is second-to-none. I look forward to our continued collaboration throughout the transition period
to best position the Company for its next chapter.

Mr.
Pace has 35 years of leadership and turnaround experience in the food, beverage and retail industries. In addition to serving in multiple
Board roles across our industry, he served as Co-CEO of Tastemaker Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company focused
on the restaurant, hospitality and related technology and service sectors, from 2020 to 2023. Mr. Pace previously served as CEO of Jamba
Juice Inc., where he led the brand through a highly successful repositioning and tripled profit performance, and as President of Carrabbas
Italian Grill, where he oversaw broad operational changes, significant margin improvement and accelerated profit growth.

We
are confident in Daves ability to step into the role of CEO at a pivotal time for Red Robin as we work to reaccelerate growth
and deliver long-term, sustainable value for shareholders, said Allison Page, Chair of the Boards Nominating and Governance
Committee. Through his tenure on the Board, Dave has a deep understanding of our business and is ideally positioned to lead the
Company through our ongoing transformation and beyond. The Board and I believe that the Company will benefit from Daves extensive
industry expertise as we continue to further strengthen our operations, in-restaurant guest experience and financial performance.

Im
excited to be named CEO to capture the significant opportunities ahead for Red Robin, said Mr. Pace. With a continued focus
on delivering exceptional food and service and supporting our operators, I will be working with the team to enhance our marketing approach
and re-invest in our facilities to increase guest engagement and grow traffic. Additionally, we will be working to build our overall
financial strength, reduce our debt and increase our operating flexibility. At its core, the Red Robin business is strong, and through
continued focus and execution, I am confident we will deliver significant value to our guests and shareholders.

On
behalf of the full Board, I want to thank G.J. for all that he has done for Red Robin during his tenure both as CEO and as a member of
the Board, Mr. Pace continued. Under G.J.s leadership and the North Star plan, the Company has made critical investments
in the quality of our offerings while also taking steps to reduce overall operating costs. His focus on improving hospitality and guest
experience while building a winning culture has been integral to establishing the foundation upon which we can grow. We will continue
to build upon the progress made under G.J.s leadership, and I wish him all the best.

First
Quarter 2025 Outlook

The
Company expects first quarter comparable restaurant sales to increase approximately 3%, in-line with previously communicated expectations,
and now expects Adjusted EBITDA to exceed the previously communicated first quarter range of $18 million to $19 million. The Company
expects to report full first quarter results in late May.

About
David A. Pace

Mr.
Pace has served on the Red Robin Board of Directors since August 2019 and was appointed Board Chair in November 2019. He brings 35 years
of leadership and turnaround experience in the food, beverage and retail industries, among others. From 2020 to 2023, Mr. Pace served
as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Tastemaker Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company focusing on the restaurant,
hospitality, and related technology and service sectors. From 2016 to 2018, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Jamba Juice,
Inc., where he led the brand through a highly successful repositioning and tripled profit performance and ultimately a strategic sale
of the company. Prior to that, he served as President of Carrabbas Italian Grill, from 2014 to 2016, where he oversaw broad operational
changes, significant margin improvement and accelerated profit growth. From 2010 to 2014, Mr. Pace served as the Executive Vice President
and Chief Resource Officer at Bloomin Brands, the $4.1 billon parent company of Outback Steakhouse, where he was responsible for
real estate development and human capital deployment across approximately 1,500 restaurants, 100,000 team members and five brands. Earlier
in his career, Mr. Pace held various leadership positions at Starbucks Corporation, PepsiCo, and YUM! Brands, Inc., among others.

About
Anthony S. Ackil 

Mr.
Ackil has served on the Red Robin Board of Directors since March 2020. He is an entrepreneur and restaurant industry executive who is
the founder and CEO of Streetlight Ventures, a restaurant management and investment platform. Streetlight Ventures, supports, manages,
acquires and invests in small to mid-sized restaurant brands. Streetlight Ventures currently owns 10 brands, consisting of over 100 restaurants
across the East Coast, which include Burtons Bar and Grill, Margaritas, Red Heat American Tavern, Upper Crust Pizza, b.good, Annas
Taqueria and Howling Wolf Taqueria. Previously from 2004 to 2018, Mr. Ackil served as CEO of b.good, a healthy fast casual brand that
he founded and grew to over 80 locations. Earlier in his career, he worked as a consultant for IBM, focusing on internet strategy and
corporate structure, and as a strategy consultant at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Ackil holds a B.A. in government from Harvard University

Red
Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (NASDAQ: RRGB)

Red
Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (www.redrobin.com) is a casual dining restaurant chain founded in 1969 that operates through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc., and under the trade name, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews. We believe nothing brings people
together like burgers and fun around our table, and no one makes moments of connection over craveable food more memorable than Red Robin.
We serve a variety of burgers and mainstream favorites to Guests of all ages in a casual, playful atmosphere. In addition to our many
burger offerings, Red Robin serves a wide array of salads, appetizers, entrees, desserts, signature beverages and Donatos pizza
at select locations. It's easy to enjoy Red Robin anywhere with online ordering available for to-go, delivery and catering. Sign up for
the royal treatment by joining Red Robin Royalty today and enjoy Bottomless perks and delicious rewards across nearly 500 Red Robin
locations in the United States and Canada, including those operating under franchise agreements. Red Robin YUMMM!

Forward-Looking
Statements

Forward-looking
statements in this press release regarding the Company's strategies, priorities, plans with respect to financial strength, debt reduction,
operational flexibility and otherwise, first quarter 2025 expectations and future performance, anticipated outcomes of the executive
transition described in this press release, and all other statements that are not historical facts, are made under the safe harbor provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on assumptions believed by the Company to be reasonable
and speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "expect,"
"believe," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "project," "could," "should,"
"will," "outlook" or "estimate," or the negative or other variations thereof or comparable terminology
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements
to reflect events or circumstances arising after such date and cautions investors not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described in the statements, including but not limited to, the ability of the Company to achieve, and the effectiveness of,
our strategies, priorities and plans, including the executive transaction described in this release; the effectiveness of the Company's
strategic initiatives, including our "North Star" plan, labor and service models, and operational improvement initiatives and
our ability to execute on such strategic initiatives; the global and domestic economic and geopolitical environment; our ability to effectively
compete in the industry and attract and retain Guests; the completion of normal accounting procedures and adjustments with respect to
our results for the first quarter of 2025; and additional risk factors described in the Company's Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and Form 8-K
reports (including all amendments to those reports) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

For
media relations questions:

Kathleen
Bush, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.

kbush@redrobin.com

(303)
846-5114

For
investor relations questions:

Jeff
Priester, ICR

jeff.priester@icrinc.com

(332)
242-4370
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rrgb-20250424.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rrgb-20250424_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rrgb-20250424_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34851

Entity Registrant Name RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001171759

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-1573084

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 10000
E. Geddes Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Englewood

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80112

City Area Code 303

Local Phone Number 846-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol RRGB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://redrobin.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

eh250618999_8k.htm 
rrgb-20250424.xsd 
rrgb-20250424_lab.xml 
rrgb-20250424_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0000950142-25-001161-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>eh250618999_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001171759 

2025-04-24 
2025-04-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001171759 
8-K 
2025-04-24 
RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
DE 
001-34851 
84-1573084 
10000 E. Geddes Avenue 
Suite 500 
Englewood 
CO 
80112 
303 
846-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
RRGB 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>