<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-042007.txt : 20250319
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-042007.hdr.sgml : 20250319
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250319161447
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-042007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250319
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250319

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Genasys Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD AUDIO & VIDEO EQUIPMENT [3651]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				870361799
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24248
		FILM NUMBER:		25752913

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16262 WEST BERNARDO DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-676-1112

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16262 WEST BERNARDO DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LRAD Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100326

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TECHNOLOGY CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940602
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>gnss-20250317.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0000924383false00009243832025-03-172025-03-17

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025

Genasys Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

000-24248 

87-0361799

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

16262 West Bernardo Drive 

San Diego, California 

92127

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:858676-1112

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.00001 par value per share 

GNSS 

The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

2025 Equity Incentive Plan

On January 27, 2025, the Board of Directors of Genasys Inc. (the Company) approved the Genasys Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan), which was approved by the Companys stockholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders held March 17, 2025.

Eligibility and Administration.

Employees (including officers), consultants, advisors and members of the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) (including non-employee directors) are eligible to participate in the 2025 Plan.

The Board or any of its committees, as directed by the Board (referred to collectively as the Administrator), will administer the 2025 Plan, subject to the limitations imposed under the 2025 Plan, Section 16 of the Exchange Act, stock exchange rules and other applicable laws. The Administrator has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the 2025 Plan, to interpret the 2025 Plan and award agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal rules for the administration of the 2025 Plan as it deems advisable. The Administrator also has the authority to determine which eligible service providers receive awards, grant awards and set the terms and conditions of all awards under the 2025 Plan, including any vesting and vesting acceleration provisions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the 2025 Plan.

Shares Available for Awards.

The initial aggregate number of shares of our common stock that will be available for issuance under the 2025 Plan will be equal to the sum of (i) 6,000,000 shares of our common stock, which includes 5,057,285 new shares of our common stock plus 942,715 shares that were reserved under the 2015 Plan but were not granted prior to its expiration, and (ii) any shares which, as of the effective date of the 2025 Plan, are subject to awards under the 2015 Plan which, on or following the effective date of the 2025 Plan, become available for issuance pursuant to the 2025 Plan recycling provisions, described below.

If an award under the 2025 Plan or the 2015 Plan expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, any shares subject to such award (or portion thereof) may, to the extent of such expiration, lapse, termination or cash settlement, be used again for new grants under the 2025 Plan. Shares tendered or withheld to satisfy the exercise price or tax withholding obligation for any award under the 2025 Plan or the 2015 Plan may, to the extent of such tender or withholding, be used for new grants under the 2025 Plan. Further, the payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any awards under the 2025 Plan will not reduce the shares available for grant under the 2025 Plan.

Awards granted under the 2025 Plan upon the assumption of, or in substitution for, awards authorized or outstanding under a qualifying equity plan maintained by an entity with which we enter into a merger or similar corporate transaction will not reduce the shares available for grant under the 2025 Plan but will count against the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options (ISOs).

The 2025 Plan provides that the sum of any cash compensation and the aggregate grant date fair value (determined as of the date of the grant under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of all awards granted to a non-employee director as compensation for services as a non-employee director during any calendar year, or director limit, may not exceed an amount equal to $500,000 (which limits shall not apply to the compensation for any non-employee director who serves in any capacity in addition to that of a non-employee director for which he or she receives additional compensation).

Awards.

The 2025 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, including ISOs and nonqualified stock options (NSOs), Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs), restricted stock, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units (RSUs) and other stock or cash based awards. Certain awards under the 2025 Plan may constitute or provide for payment of

nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which may impose additional requirements on the terms and conditions of such awards. All awards under the 2025 Plan will be evidenced by award agreements, which will detail the terms and conditions of awards, including any applicable vesting and payment terms and post-termination exercise limitations. Awards other than cash awards generally will be settled in shares of our common stock, but the applicable award agreement may provide for cash settlement of any award. A brief description of each award type follows.

Stock Options and SARs. Stock options provide for the purchase of shares of our common stock in the future at an exercise price set on the grant date. ISOs, in contrast to NSOs, may provide tax deferral beyond exercise and favorable capital gains tax treatment to their holders if certain holding period and other requirements of the Code are satisfied. SARs entitle their holder, upon exercise, to receive from us an amount equal to the appreciation of the shares subject to the award between the grant date and the exercise date. Unless otherwise determined by the board, the exercise price of a stock option or SAR may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying share on the grant date (or 110% in the case of ISOs granted to certain significant stockholders), except with respect to certain substitute awards granted in connection with a corporate transaction. The term of a stock option or SAR may not be longer than ten years (or five years in the case of ISOs granted to certain significant stockholders).

Restricted Stock. Restricted stock is an award of nontransferable shares of our common stock that are subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions.

RSUs. RSUs are contractual promises to deliver shares of our common stock in the future, which may also remain forfeitable unless and until specified conditions are met and may be accompanied by the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on shares of our common stock prior to the delivery of the underlying shares (i.e., dividend equivalent rights). The Administrator may provide that the delivery of the shares underlying RSUs will be deferred on a mandatory basis or at the election of the participant. The terms and conditions applicable to RSUs will be determined by the Administrator, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the 2025 Plan.

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. Other stock or cash based awards are awards of cash, fully vested shares of our common stock and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or otherwise based on, shares of our common stock. Other stock or cash based awards may be granted to participants and may also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a participant is otherwise entitled.

Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents represent the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on shares of our common stock and may be granted alone or in tandem with awards other than stock options or SARs. Dividend equivalents are credited as of the dividend record dates during the period between the date an award is granted and the date such award vests, is exercised, is distributed or expires, as determined by the Administrator. Dividend equivalents payable with respect to an award prior to the vesting of such award instead will be paid out to the participant only to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the award vests.

Certain Transactions

The Administrator has broad discretion to take action under the 2025 Plan, as well as make adjustments to the terms and conditions of existing and future awards, to prevent the dilution or enlargement of intended benefits and facilitate necessary or desirable changes in the event of certain transactions and events affecting our common stock, such as stock dividends, stock splits, mergers, acquisitions, consolidations and other corporate transactions. In addition, in the event of certain non-reciprocal transactions with our stockholders known as equity restructurings, the Administrator will make equitable adjustments to the 2025 Plan and outstanding awards. In the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2025 Plan), to the extent that the surviving entity declines to continue, convert, assume or replace outstanding awards, then all such awards will become fully vested and exercisable in connection with the transaction.

Repricing

The exercise price of an option or SAR may not be reduced (repriced) without first obtaining stockholder approval, except as provided above regarding certain transactions or to comply with applicable law.

Plan Amendment and Termination.

The Administrator may amend or terminate the 2025 Plan at any time; however, no amendment, other than an amendment that increases the number of shares available under the 2025 Plan, may materially and adversely affect an award outstanding under the 2025 Plan without the consent of the affected participant, and stockholder approval will be obtained for any amendment to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws. The 2025 Plan will remain in effect until the tenth anniversary of the date the Board adopted the 2025 Plan, unless earlier terminated. No awards may be granted under the 2025 Plan after its termination.

Foreign Participants, Claw-Back Provisions, Transferability and Participant Payments

The Administrator may modify award terms, establish subplans and/or adjust other terms and conditions of awards, subject to the share limits described above, in order to facilitate grants of awards subject to the laws and/or stock exchange rules of countries outside of the United States. All awards will be subject to any company clawback policy as set forth in such clawback policy or the applicable award agreement. Awards under the 2025 Plan are generally non-transferable, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrators consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and are generally exercisable only by the participant. With regard to tax withholding, exercise price and purchase price obligations arising in connection with awards under the 2025 Plan, the Administrator may, in its discretion, accept cash or check, shares of our common stock that meet specified conditions, a market sell order or such other consideration as it deems suitable.

The summary of the 2025 Plan provided above is a summary of the principal features of the 2025 Plan, however, does not purport to be a complete description of all of the provisions of the 2025 Plan. It is qualified in its entirety by references to the full text of the 2025 Plan. A copy of the 2025 Plan, the Form of Stock Option Agreement for use under the 2025 Plan and the Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for use under the 2025 Plan are filed as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by this reference.

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

The Company held its Annual Meeting of Stockholders on March 17, 2025. The following is a brief description of each matter voted upon at the 2025 Annual Meeting, as well as the number of votes cast for, against or withheld as to each matter and the number of abstentions and broker non-votes with respect to each matter:

Election of Directors:

The seven individuals listed below were elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting to serve for a one-year term on the Companys Board of Directors:

Nominee 

Number of Shares 

Voted For 

Number of Shares 

Withheld 

Broker Non-Votes 

Richard H. Osgood III 

13,351,136 

2,302,424 

13,696,608 

Richard S. Danforth 

14,452,400 

1,201,160 

13,696,608 

Mark Culhane 

14,753,162 

900,398 

13,696,608 

William H. Dodd 

14,930,709 

722,851 

13,696,608 

W. Craig Fugate 

14,814,126 

839,434 

13,696,608 

R. Rimmy Malhotra 

13,533,517 

2,120,043 

13,696,608 

Susan Lee Schmeiser 

13,595,188 

2,058,372 

13,696,608 

Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm:

The ratification of the appointment of Baker Tilly US, LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, was approved by the following votes:

For 

Against 

Abstain 

27,679,740 

549,360 

1,121,068 

Approval of the Genasys Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan:

The Genasys Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan was approved by the following votes:

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes 

8,327,901 

6,690,236 

635,423 

13,696,608 

Advisory Vote on the Compensation of the Companys Named Executive Officers:

The compensation of the Companys named executive officers as described in its Proxy Statement was approved, on an advisory, non-binding basis, by the following votes:

For 

Against 

Abstain 

Broker Non-Votes 

10,782,046 

3,596,570 

1,274,944 

13,696,608 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number 

Description

10.1 

Genasys Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

10.2 

Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Genasys Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

10.3 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under then Genasys Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Genasys Inc.

Date: 

March 19, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Dennis D. Klahn

Dennis D. Klahn

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>gnss-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

GENASYS INC.

2025 Equity INCENTIVE PLAN

ARTICLE I

Purpose

The Plans purpose is to enhance the Companys ability to attract, retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to the Company by providing these individuals with equity ownership opportunities. Capitalized terms used in the Plan are defined in Article XI.

ARTICLE II

Eligibility

Service Providers are eligible to be granted Awards under the Plan, subject to the limitations described herein.

ARTICLE III

Administration and Delegation

3.1

Administration. The Plan is administered by the Administrator. The Administrator has authority to determine which Service Providers receive Awards, grant Awards and set Award terms and conditions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the Plan. The Administrator also has the authority to take all actions and make all determinations under the Plan, to interpret the Plan and Award Agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal Plan administrative rules, guidelines and practices as it deems advisable. The Administrator may correct defects and ambiguities, supply omissions and reconcile inconsistencies in the Plan or any Award Agreement as it deems necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and any Awards. The Administrators determinations under the Plan are in its sole discretion and will be final and binding on all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or any Award.

3.2

Appointment of Committees. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or more Committees or officers of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Board may abolish any Committee or re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority at any time.

ARTICLE IV

Stock Available for Awards

4.1

Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Article VIII and the terms of this Article IV, Awards may be made under the Plan covering up to the Overall Share Limit. As of the Plans effective date, the Company will cease granting awards under the Prior Plan; however, Prior Plan Awards will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan. Shares issued under the Plan may consist of authorized but unissued Shares, Shares purchased on the open market or treasury Shares.

4.2

Share Recycling. If all or any part of an Award or Prior Plan Award expires, lapses or is terminated, exchanged for or settled in cash, surrendered, repurchased, canceled without having been fully exercised or forfeited, in any case, in a manner that results in the Company acquiring Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award at a price not greater than the price (as adjusted to reflect any Equity 

1

Restructuring) paid by the Participant for such Shares or not issuing any Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award, the unused Shares covered by the Award or Prior Plan Award will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. Further, Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or attestation) to the Company by a Participant to satisfy the applicable exercise or purchase price of an Award or Prior Plan Award and/or to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation (including Shares retained by the Company from the Award or Prior Plan Award being exercised or purchased and/or creating the tax obligation) will, as applicable, become or again be available for Award grants under the Plan. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards or Prior Plan Awards shall not count against the Overall Share Limit.

4.3

Incentive Stock Option Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no more than 2,000,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options.

4.4

Substitute Awards. In connection with an entitys merger or consolidation with the Company or the Companys acquisition of an entitys property or stock, the Administrator may grant Awards in substitution for any options or other stock or stock-based awards granted before such merger or consolidation by such entity or its affiliate. Substitute Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan. Substitute Awards will not count against the Overall Share Limit (nor shall Shares subject to a Substitute Award be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above), except that Shares acquired by exercise of substitute Incentive Stock Options will count against the maximum number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by the acquired companys stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided above); provided that Awards using such available shares shall not be made after the latest date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not employees or directors prior to such acquisition or combination.

4.5

Non-Employee Director Compensation. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the Administrator may establish compensation for non-employee Directors from time to time, subject to the limitations in the Plan. The Administrator will from time to time determine the terms, conditions and amounts of all such non-employee Director compensation in its discretion and pursuant to the exercise of its business judgment, taking into account such factors, circumstances and considerations as it shall deem relevant from time to time, provided that, the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of Awards granted to a non-employee Director as compensation for services as a non-employee Director during any calendar year of the Company may not exceed $500,000 (which limit shall not apply to the compensation for any non-employee Director of the Company who serves in any capacity in addition to that of a non-employee Director for which he or she receives additional compensation or any compensation paid to any non-employee Director during the calendar year in which the effective date occurs). The Administrator may make exceptions to this limit for individual non-employee Directors in extraordinary circumstances, as the Administrator may determine in its discretion, provided that the non-employee Director receiving 

2

such additional compensation may not participate in the decision to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous compensation decisions involving non-employee Directors.

ARTICLE V

Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights

5.1

General. The Administrator may grant Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to Service Providers subject to the limitations in the Plan, including any limitations in the Plan that apply to Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator will determine the number of Shares covered by each Option and Stock Appreciation Right, the exercise price of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option and Stock Appreciation Right. A Stock Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise the Stock Appreciation Right) to receive from the Company upon exercise of the exercisable portion of the Stock Appreciation Right an amount determined by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price per Share of the Stock Appreciation Right by the number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised, subject to any limitations of the Plan or that the Administrator may impose and payable in cash, Shares valued at Fair Market Value or a combination of the two as the Administrator may determine or provide in the Award Agreement.

5.2

Exercise Price. The Administrator will establish each Options and Stock Appreciation Rights exercise price and specify the exercise price in the Award Agreement. The exercise price will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the grant date of the Option (subject to Section 5.6) or Stock Appreciation Right. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price per share of the Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant; provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the applicable requirements of Sections 424 and 409A of the Code.

5.3

Duration. Each vested Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be exercisable at such times and as specified in the Award Agreement, provided that the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right will not exceed ten years. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the end of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, violates the non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other similar restrictive covenant provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the right of the Participant and the Participants transferees to exercise any Option or Stock Appreciation Right issued to the Participant shall terminate immediately upon such violation, unless the Company otherwise determines.

5.4

Exercise. Vested Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised by delivering to the Company a written notice of exercise, in a form the Administrator approves (which may be electronic), signed by the person authorized to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, together with, as applicable, payment in full (i) as specified in Section 5.5 for the number of Shares for which the Award is exercised and (ii) as specified in Section 9.5 for any applicable taxes. Unless the Administrator otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

5.5

Payment Upon Exercise. Subject to Section 10.8, any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods) and Applicable Laws, the exercise price of an Option must be paid by:

3

(a)

cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or by check payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of one of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted;

(b)

if there is a public market for Shares at the time of exercise, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price, or (B) the Participants delivery to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator;

(c)

to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Shares owned by the Participant valued at their Fair Market Value;

(d)

to the extent permitted by the Administrator, surrendering Shares then issuable upon the Options exercise valued at their Fair Market Value on the exercise date;

(e)

to the extent permitted by the Administrator, delivery of a promissory note or any other property that the Administrator determines is good and valuable consideration; or

(f)

to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the above payment forms approved by the Administrator.

5.6

Additional Terms of Incentive Stock Options. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options only to employees of the Company, any of its present or future parent or subsidiary corporations, as defined in Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Code, respectively, and any other entities the employees of which are eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options under the Code. If an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater Than 10% Stockholder, the exercise price will not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value on the Options grant date, and the term of the Option will not exceed five years. All Incentive Stock Options will be subject to and construed consistently with Section 422 of the Code. By accepting an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant agrees to give prompt notice to the Company of dispositions or other transfers (other than in connection with a Change in Control) of Shares acquired under the Option made within (i) two years from the grant date of the Option or (ii) one year after the transfer of such Shares to the Participant, specifying the date of the disposition or other transfer and the amount the Participant realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, in such disposition or other transfer. Neither the Company nor the Administrator will be liable to a Participant, or any other party, if an Incentive Stock Option fails or ceases to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option or portion thereof that fails to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code for any reason, including becoming exercisable with respect to Shares having a fair market value exceeding the $100,000 limitation under Treasury Regulation Section 1.422-4, will be a Non-Qualified Stock Option.

ARTICLE VI

Restricted Stock; Restricted Stock Units

6.1

General. The Administrator may grant Restricted Stock, or the right to purchase Restricted Stock, to any Service Provider, subject to the Companys right to repurchase all or part of such shares of Restricted Stock at their issue price or other stated or formula price from the Participant (or to require forfeiture of such shares of Restricted Stock) if conditions the Administrator specifies in the Award Agreement are not satisfied before the end of the applicable restriction period or periods that the 

4

Administrator establishes for such Award. In addition, the Administrator may grant to Service Providers Restricted Stock Units, which may be subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions during the applicable restriction period or periods, as set forth in an Award Agreement. The Administrator will determine and set forth in the Award Agreement the terms and conditions for each Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award, subject to the conditions and limitations contained in the Plan.

6.2

Restricted Stock.

(a)

Dividends. Participants holding shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to all ordinary cash dividends paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise in the Award Agreement. In addition, unless the Administrator provides otherwise, if any dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, or consist of a dividend or distribution to holders of Common Stock of property other than an ordinary cash dividend, the Shares or other property will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, with respect to any award of Restricted Stock, dividends which are declared on Shares of Restricted Stock prior to vesting of such Shares shall be accrued and not paid until the vesting conditions for such Shares are subsequently satisfied. If a Participants forfeits any Shares of Restricted Stock, they also forfeit the dividends accrued but not paid on such Shares. All such dividend payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the right to the dividend payment becomes nonforfeitable.

(b)

Stock Certificates. The Company may require that the Participant deposit in escrow with the Company (or its designee) any stock certificates issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, together with a stock power endorsed in blank.

6.3

Restricted Stock Units.

(a)

Settlement. The Administrator may provide in an Award Agreement that settlement of Restricted Stock Units will occur upon or as soon as reasonably practicable after the Restricted Stock Units vest or will instead be deferred, on a mandatory basis or at the Participants election, in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A.

(b)

Stockholder Rights. A Participant will have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit.

ARTICLE VII

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards; Dividend Equivalents

7.1

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be granted to Participants, including Awards entitling Participants to receive Shares to be delivered in the future and including annual or other periodic or long-term cash bonus awards (whether based on specified Performance Criteria or otherwise), in each case subject to any conditions and limitations in the Plan. Such Other Stock or Cash Based Awards will also be available as a payment form in the settlement of other Awards, as standalone payments and as payment in lieu of compensation to which a Participant is otherwise entitled. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in Shares, cash or other property, as the Administrator determines. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award, including any purchase price, performance goal (which may be based on the Performance Criteria), transfer restrictions, and vesting conditions, which will be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

5

7.2

Dividend Equivalents. A grant of Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Award may provide a Participant with the right to receive Dividend Equivalents, and no Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. Dividend Equivalents may be paid currently or credited to an account for the Participant, settled in cash or Shares and subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Award with to which the Dividend Equivalents are paid and subject to other terms and conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award shall only be paid out to a Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied. All such Dividend Equivalent payments will be made no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the right to the Dividend Equivalent payment becomes nonforfeitable, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator or unless deferred in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A.

ARTICLE VIII

Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

8.1

Equity Restructuring. In connection with any Equity Restructuring, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article VIII, the Administrator will equitably adjust each outstanding Award as it deems appropriate to reflect the Equity Restructuring, which may include adjusting the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and/or the Awards exercise price or grant price (if applicable), granting new Awards to Participants, and making a cash payment to Participants. The adjustments provided under this Section 8.1 will be nondiscretionary and final and binding on the affected Participant and the Company; provided that the Administrator in its sole discretion will determine whether an adjustment is equitable.

8.2

Corporate Transactions. In the event of any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, amalgamation, repurchase, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or sale or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, Change in Control, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other securities of the Company, other similar corporate transaction or event, other unusual or nonrecurring transaction or event affecting the Company or its financial statements or any change in any Applicable Laws or accounting principles, the Administrator, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event (except that action to give effect to a change in Applicable Law or accounting principles may be made within a reasonable period of time after such change) is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to (x) prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended by the Company to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award granted or issued under the Plan, (y) to facilitate such transaction or event or (z) give effect to such changes in Applicable Laws or accounting principles:

(a)

To provide for the cancellation of any such Award in exchange for either an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participants rights under the vested portion of such Award, as applicable; provided that, if the amount that could have been obtained upon the exercise or settlement of the vested portion of such Award or realization of the Participants rights, in any case, is equal to or less than zero, then the Award may be terminated without payment; and provided further that, Awards held by members of the Board will be settled in Shares on or immediately prior to the applicable event if the Administrator takes action under this clause (a);

6

(b)

To provide that such Award shall vest and, to the extent applicable, be exercisable as to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the provisions of such Award;

(c)

To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and/or applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined by the Administrator;

(d)

To make adjustments in the number and type of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards and/or with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Article IV hereof on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued) and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price or applicable performance goals), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards;

(e)

To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or

(f)

To provide that the Award will terminate and cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after the applicable event.

8.3

Effect of Non-Assumption in a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8.2, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participants Awards are not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced with a substantially similar award by (a) the Company, or (b) a successor entity or its parent or subsidiary (an Assumption), and provided that the Participant has not had a Termination of Service, then, immediately prior to the Change in Control, such Awards shall become fully vested, exercisable and/or payable, as applicable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Awards shall lapse, in which case, such Awards shall be canceled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for the right to receive the Change in Control consideration payable to other holders of Common Stock (i) which may be on such terms and conditions as apply generally to holders of Common Stock under the Change in Control documents (including, without limitation, any escrow, earn-out or other deferred consideration provisions) or such other terms and conditions as the Administrator may provide, and (ii) determined by reference to the number of Shares subject to such Awards and net of any applicable exercise price; provided that to the extent that any Awards constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that may not be paid upon the Change in Control under Section 409A without the imposition of taxes thereon under Section 409A, the timing of such payments shall be governed by the applicable Award Agreement (subject to any deferred consideration provisions applicable under the Change in Control documents); and provided, further, that if the amount to which a Participant would be entitled upon the settlement or exercise of such Award at the time of the Change in Control is equal to or less than zero, then such Award may be terminated without payment. An Award will be considered replaced with a comparable award if the Award is exchanged for an amount of cash or other property with a value equal to the amount that could have been obtained upon the settlement of such Award in such Change in Control (as determined by the Administrator), even if such cash or other property payable with respect to the unvested portion of such Award remains subject to similar vesting provisions following such Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator will have full and final authority to determine whether an Assumption of an Award has occurred in connection with a Change in Control.

8.4

Administrative Stand Still. In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash 

7

dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other extraordinary transaction or change affecting the Shares or the Share price, including any Equity Restructuring or any securities offering or other similar transaction, for administrative convenience, the Administrator may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award for up to sixty days before or after such transaction.

8.5

General. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the Administrators action under the Plan, no Participant will have any rights due to any subdivision or consolidation of Shares of any class, dividend payment, increase or decrease in the number of Shares of any class or dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation of the Company or other corporation. Except as expressly provided with respect to an Equity Restructuring under Section 8.1 above or the Administrators action under the Plan, no issuance by the Company of Shares of any class, or securities convertible into Shares of any class, will affect, and no adjustment will be made regarding, the number of Shares subject to an Award or the Awards grant or exercise price. The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreements and the Awards granted hereunder will not affect or restrict in any way the Companys right or power to make or authorize (i) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, (ii) any merger, consolidation dissolution or liquidation of the Company or sale of Company assets or (iii) any sale or issuance of securities, including securities with rights superior to those of the Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares. The Administrator may treat Participants and Awards (or portions thereof) differently under this Article VIII.

ARTICLE IX

General Provisions Applicable to Awards

9.1

Transferability. Except as the Administrator may determine or provide in an Award Agreement or otherwise for Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, Awards may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or, subject to the Administrators consent, pursuant to a domestic relations order, and, during the life of the Participant, will be exercisable only by the Participant (or if incapacitated, by the Participants legal representative as determined by Section 9.4). References to a Participant, to the extent relevant in the context, will include references to a Participants authorized transferee that the Administrator specifically approves.

9.2

Documentation. Each Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement, which may be written or electronic, as the Administrator determines. Each Award may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

9.3

Discretion. Except as the Plan otherwise provides, each Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The terms of each Award to a Participant need not be identical, and the Administrator need not treat Participants or Awards (or portions thereof) uniformly.

9.4

Termination of Status. The Administrator will determine how the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or any other change or purported change in a Participants Service Provider status affects an Award and the extent to which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participants legal representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise rights under the Award, if applicable.

9.5

Withholding. Each Participant must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Administrator for payment of, any taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with such Participants Awards by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company may deduct an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax obligations based on the applicable statutory withholding rates (or such other rate as may be determined by the Company after considering any accounting consequences or 

8

costs) from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant. In the absence of a contrary determination by the Company (or, with respect to withholding pursuant to clause (ii) below with respect to Awards held by individuals subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, a contrary determination by the Administrator), all tax withholding obligations will be calculated based on the minimum applicable statutory withholding rates. Subject to Section 10.8 and any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), Participants may satisfy such tax obligations (i) in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by check made payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of any of the foregoing payment forms if one or more of the payment forms below is permitted, (ii) to the extent permitted by the Administrator, in whole or in part by delivery of Shares, including Shares delivered by attestation and Shares retained from the Award creating the tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of delivery, (iii) if there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Company otherwise determines, (A) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (B) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Administrator, or (iv) to the extent permitted by the Company, any combination of the foregoing payment forms approved by the Administrator. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the number of Shares which may be so delivered or retained pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be limited to the number of Shares which have a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery or retention no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America)); provided, however, to the extent such Shares were acquired by Participant from the Company as compensation, the Shares must have been held for the minimum period required by applicable accounting rules to avoid a charge to the Companys earnings for financial reporting purposes; provided, further, that, any such Shares delivered or retained shall be rounded up to the nearest whole Share to the extent rounding up to the nearest whole Share does not result in the liability classification of the applicable Award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (ii) above by the Companys retention of Shares from the Award creating the tax obligation and there is a public market for Shares at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable Participants behalf some or all of the Shares retained and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Participants acceptance of an Award under the Plan will constitute the Participants authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to complete the transactions described in this sentence.

9.6

Amendment of Award; Repricing. The Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award, including by substituting another Award of the same or a different type, changing the exercise or settlement date, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Non-Qualified Stock Option. The Participants consent to such action will be required unless (i) the action, taking into account any related action, does not materially and adversely affect the Participants rights under the Award, or (ii) the change is permitted under Article VIII or pursuant to Section 10.6. 

9.7

Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Companys satisfaction, (ii) as determined by the Company, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, 

9

including any applicable securities laws and stock exchange or stock market rules and regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any Applicable Laws. The Companys inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Administrator determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any securities, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained.

9.8

Acceleration. The Administrator may at any time provide that any Award will become immediately vested and fully or partially exercisable, free of some or all restrictions or conditions, or otherwise fully or partially realizable.

9.9

Cash Settlement. Without limiting the generality of any other provision of the Plan, the Administrator may provide, in an Award Agreement or subsequent to the grant of an Award, in its discretion, that any Award may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof.

9.10

Broker-Assisted Sales. In the event of a broker-assisted sale of Shares in connection with the payment of amounts owed by a Participant under or with respect to the Plan or Awards, including amounts to be paid under the final sentence of Section 9.5: (a) any Shares to be sold through the broker-assisted sale will be sold on the day the payment first becomes due, or as soon thereafter as practicable; (b) such Shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan in which all participants receive an average price; (c) the applicable Participant will be responsible for all brokers fees and other costs of sale, and by accepting an Award, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages, or expenses relating to any such sale; (d) to the extent the Company or its designee receives proceeds of such sale that exceed the amount owed, the Company will pay such excess in cash to the applicable Participant as soon as reasonably practicable; (e) the Company and its designees are under no obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price; and (f) in the event the proceeds of such sale are insufficient to satisfy the Participants applicable obligation, the Participant may be required to pay immediately upon demand to the Company or its designee an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any remaining portion of the Participants obligation.

ARTICLE X

Miscellaneous

10.1

No Right to Employment or Other Status. No person will have any claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award will not be construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries expressly reserves the right at any time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free from any liability or claim under the Plan or any Award, except as expressly provided in an Award Agreement.

10.2

No Rights as Stockholder; Certificates. Subject to the Award Agreement, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary will have any rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under an Award until becoming the record holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless the Administrator otherwise determines or Applicable Laws require, the Company will not be required to deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares may be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). The Company may place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan that the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws.

10

10.3

Effective Date and Term of Plan. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will become effective upon its adoption by the Board and the shareholders, and the Plan will continue in effect for a term of 10 years from the date adopted by the Board. Awards previously granted may extend beyond that date in accordance with the Plan. The Plan will be submitted for the approval of the Companys stockholders within twelve (12) months after the date of the Boards adoption of the Plan.

10.4

Amendment of Plan. The Administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided that no amendment, other than an increase to the Overall Share Limit, may materially and adversely affect any Award outstanding at the time of such amendment without the affected Participants consent except as provided in this Plan or an Award Agreement. No Awards may be granted under the Plan during any suspension period or after the Plans termination. Awards outstanding at the time of any Plan suspension or termination will continue to be governed by the Plan and the Award Agreement, as in effect before such suspension or termination. The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Laws.

10.5

Provisions for Foreign Participants. The Administrator may modify Awards granted to Participants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States or establish subplans or procedures under the Plan to address differences in laws, rules, regulations or customs of such foreign jurisdictions with respect to tax, securities, currency, employee benefit or other matters.

10.6

Section 409A.

(a)

General. The Company intends that all Awards be structured to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A, such that no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties under Section 409A apply. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary, the Administrator may, without a Participants consent, amend this Plan or Awards, adopt policies and procedures, or take any other actions (including amendments, policies, procedures and retroactive actions) as are necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of Awards, including any such actions intended to (A) exempt this Plan or any Award from Section 409A, or (B) comply with Section 409A, including regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority that may be issued after an Awards grant date. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to an Awards tax treatment under Section 409A or otherwise. The Company will have no obligation under this Section 10.6 or otherwise to avoid the taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and will have no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute noncompliant nonqualified deferred compensation subject to taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A.

(b)

Separation from Service. If an Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, any payment or settlement of such Award upon a termination of a Participants Service Provider relationship will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A, be made only upon the Participants separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), whether such separation from service occurs upon or after the termination of the Participants Service Provider relationship. For purposes of this Plan or any Award Agreement relating to any such payments or benefits, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms means a separation from service.

(c)

Payments to Specified Employees. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation required to be made under an Award to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A and as the Administrator determines) due to his or her separation from service will, to the extent necessary to avoid taxes under Section 409A of the Code, be delayed for the six-month period immediately following such separation 

11

from service (or, if earlier, until the specified employees death) and will instead be paid on the day immediately following such six-month period or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter (without interest). Any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation under such Award payable more than six months following the Participants separation from service will be paid at the time or times the payments are otherwise scheduled to be made. Furthermore, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement, any payment of nonqualified deferred compensation under the Plan that may be made in installments shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments.

10.7

Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, no individual acting as a director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary will be liable to any Participant, former Participant, spouse, beneficiary, or any other person for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan or any Award, and such individual will not be personally liable with respect to the Plan because of any contract or other instrument executed in his or her capacity as an Administrator, director, officer, other employee or agent of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless each director, officer, other employee and agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been or will be granted or delegated any duty or power relating to the Plans administration or interpretation, against any cost or expense (including attorneys fees) or liability (including any sum paid in settlement of a claim with the Administrators approval) arising from any act or omission concerning this Plan unless arising from such persons own fraud or bad faith.

10.8

Lock-Up Period. The Company may, at the request of any underwriter representative or otherwise, in connection with registering the offering of any Company securities under the Securities Act, prohibit Participants from, directly or indirectly, selling or otherwise transferring any Shares or other Company securities during a period of up to one hundred eighty days following the effective date of a Company registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or such longer period as determined by the underwriter.

10.9

Data Privacy. As a condition for receiving any Award, each Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of personal data as described in this section by and among the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates exclusively for implementing, administering and managing the Participants participation in the Plan. The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may hold certain personal information about a Participant, including the Participants name, address and telephone number; birthdate; social security, insurance number or other identification number; salary; nationality; job title(s); any Shares held in the Company or its Subsidiaries and affiliates; and Award details, to implement, manage and administer the Plan and Awards (the Data). The Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data amongst themselves as necessary to implement, administer and manage a Participants participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates may transfer the Data to third parties assisting the Company with Plan implementation, administration and management. These recipients may be located in the Participants country, or elsewhere, and the Participants country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the recipients country. By accepting an Award, each Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, to implement, administer and manage the Participants participation in the Plan, including any required Data transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Company or the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares. The Data related to a Participant will be held only as long as necessary to implement, administer, and manage the Participants participation in the Plan. A Participant may, at any time, view the Data that the Company holds regarding such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data regarding such Participant, recommend any necessary corrections to the Data regarding the Participant or refuse or withdraw the consents in this Section 10.9 in writing, without cost, by contacting the local human resources representative. The Company may cancel Participants ability to participate in 

12

the Plan and, in the Administrators discretion, the Participant may forfeit without compensation any outstanding Awards if the Participant refuses or withdraws the consents in this Section 10.9. For more information on the consequences of refusing or withdrawing consent, Participants may contact their local human resources representative.

10.10

Severability. If any portion of the Plan or any action taken under it is held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provisions had been excluded, and the illegal or invalid action will be null and void.

10.11

Governing Documents. If any contradiction occurs between the Plan and any Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company (or any Subsidiary) that the Administrator has approved, the Plan will govern, unless it is expressly specified in such Award Agreement or other written document that a specific provision of the Plan will not apply.

10.12

Governing Law, Venue, Statute of Limitations. The Plan and all Awards will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding any states choice-of-law principles requiring the application of a jurisdictions laws other than the State of Delaware. Venue for any dispute arising out of the Plan, an Award or action of the Administrator shall be filed exclusively in the state or federal courts located in San Diego County, California. Any such action must be filed within one year of the Administrators action constituting the basis of any claim. 

10.13

Claw-back Provisions. All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit the Participant actually or constructively receives upon receipt or exercise of any Award or the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) will be subject to any claw-back policy adopted by the Company (or any Subsidiary) to comply with Applicable Laws (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder) as set forth in such claw-back policy or the Award Agreement.

10.14

Titles and Headings. The titles and headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and, if any conflict, the Plans text, rather than such titles or headings, will control.

10.15

Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform to the extent necessary with Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan and all Awards will be administered only in conformance with Applicable Laws. To the extent Applicable Laws permit, the Plan and all Award Agreements will be deemed amended as necessary to conform to Applicable Laws.

10.16

Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except as expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder.

ARTICLE XI

Definitions

As used in the Plan, the following words and phrases will have the following meanings:

11.1

Administrator means the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Boards powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such Committee.

13

11.2

Applicable Laws means the requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under U.S. federal and state securities, tax and other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws and rules of any foreign country or other jurisdiction where Awards are granted.

11.3

Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock or Cash Based Awards.

11.4

Award Agreement means a written agreement evidencing an Award, which may be electronic, that contains such terms and conditions as the Administrator determines, consistent with and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

11.5

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

11.6

Cause means (i) if a Participant is a party to a written employment, severance or consulting agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or an Award Agreement in which the term cause is defined (a Relevant Agreement), Cause as defined in the Relevant Agreement, and (ii) if no Relevant Agreement exists, (A) the Administrators determination that the Participant failed to substantially perform the Participants duties (other than a failure resulting from the Participants Disability); (B) the Administrators determination that the Participant failed to carry out, or comply with any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board or the Participants immediate supervisor; (C) the Participants unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any material breach of a written agreement between the Participant and the Company; (D) the occurrence of any act or omission by the Participant that could reasonably be expected to result in (or has resulted in) the Participants conviction, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere, or imposition of un-adjudicated probation for any felony or indictable offense or crime involving moral turpitude; (E) the Participants unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the premises of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or while performing the Participants duties and responsibilities for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (F) the Participants commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

11.7

Change in Control means and includes each of the following: (a) a transaction or series of transactions (other than an offering of Common Stock to the general public through a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a transaction or series of transactions that meets the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (b) below) whereby any person or related group of persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and (2) of the Exchange Act) (other than the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, an employee benefit plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a person that, prior to such transaction, directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company possessing more than 50% of the total combined voting power of the Companys securities outstanding immediately after such acquisition; or (b) the consummation by the Company (whether directly involving the Company or indirectly involving the Company through one or more intermediaries) of (x) a merger, consolidation, reorganization, or business combination or (y) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets in any single transaction or series of related transactions or (z) the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity, in each case other than a transaction: (i) which results in the Companys voting securities outstanding immediately before the transaction continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the Company or the person that, as a result of the transaction, controls, directly or indirectly, the Company or owns, directly or 

14

indirectly, all or substantially all of the Companys assets or otherwise succeeds to the business of the Company (the Company or such person, the Successor Entity)) directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the combined voting power of the Successor Entitys outstanding voting securities immediately after the transaction, and (ii) after which no person or group beneficially owns voting securities representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity; provided, however, that no person or group shall be treated for purposes of this clause (ii) as beneficially owning 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Successor Entity solely as a result of the voting power held in the Company prior to the consummation of the transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or portion of any Award) that provides for the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a) or (b) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall only constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award if such transaction also constitutes a change in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). The Administrator shall have full and final authority, which shall be exercised in its discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation.

11.8

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and other official guidance issued thereunder.

11.9

Committee means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board, which may include one or more Company directors or executive officers, to the extent Applicable Laws permit. To the extent required to comply with the provisions of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3; however, a Committee members failure to qualify as a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 will not invalidate any Award granted by the Committee that is otherwise validly granted under the Plan.

11.10

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company.

11.11

Company means Genasys Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor.

11.12

Consultant means any person, including any adviser, engaged by the Company or its parent or Subsidiary to render services to such entity if the consultant or adviser: (i) renders bona fide services to the Company; (ii) renders services not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and does not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Companys securities; and (iii) is a natural person.

11.13

Designated Beneficiary means the beneficiary or beneficiaries the Participant designates, in a manner the Administrator determines, to receive amounts due or exercise the Participants rights if the Participant dies or becomes incapacitated. Without a Participants effective designation, Designated Beneficiary will mean the Participants estate.

11.14

Director means a Board member.

11.15

Disability means a permanent and total disability under Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, as amended.

15

11.16

Dividend Equivalents means a right granted to a Participant under the Plan to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares.

11.17

Employee means any employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

11.18

Equity Restructuring means a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other Company securities) or the per share price of Common Stock (or other Company securities) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding Awards.

11.19

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

11.20

Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: (i) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange for such date, or if no sale occurred on such date, the last day preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; (ii) if the Common Stock is not traded on a stock exchange but is quoted on a national market or other quotation system, the closing sales price on such date, or if no sales occurred on such date, then on the last date preceding such date during which a sale occurred, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Administrator deems reliable; or (iii) in any case the Administrator may determine the Fair Market Value in its discretion.

11.21

Greater Than 10% Stockholder means an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent or subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code, respectively.

11.22

Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code.

11.23

Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option not intended or not qualifying as an Incentive Stock Option.

11.24

Option means an option to purchase Shares.

11.25

Other Stock or Cash Based Awards means cash awards, awards of Shares, and other awards valued wholly or partially by referring to, or are otherwise based on, Shares or other property.

11.26

Overall Share Limit means the sum of (i) 5,052,285 Shares; plus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock remaining available for issuance under the Prior Plan but not subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plan as of the Effective Date plus (iii) any shares of Common Stock which are subject to Prior Plan Awards which become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Article IV.

11.27

Participant means a Service Provider who has been granted an Award.

11.28

Performance Criteria mean the criteria (and adjustments) that the Administrator may select for an Award to establish performance goals for a performance period, which may include the following: net earnings or losses (either before or after one or more of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and non-cash equity-based compensation expense); gross or net sales or revenue or sales or 

16

revenue growth; net income (either before or after taxes) or adjusted net income; profits (including but not limited to gross profits, net profits, profit growth, net operation profit or economic profit), profit return ratios or operating margin; budget or operating earnings (either before or after taxes or before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus); cash flow (including operating cash flow and free cash flow or cash flow return on capital); return on assets; return on capital or invested capital; cost of capital; return on stockholders equity; total stockholder return; return on sales; costs, reductions in costs and cost control measures; expenses; working capital; earnings or loss per share; adjusted earnings or loss per share; price per share or dividends per share (or appreciation in or maintenance of such price or dividends); regulatory achievements or compliance; implementation, completion or attainment of objectives relating to research, development, regulatory, commercial, or strategic milestones or developments; market share; economic value or economic value added models; division, group or corporate financial goals; customer satisfaction/growth; customer service; employee satisfaction; recruitment and maintenance of personnel; human resources management; supervision of litigation and other legal matters; strategic partnerships and transactions; financial ratios (including those measuring liquidity, activity, profitability or leverage); debt levels or reductions; sales-related goals; financing and other capital raising transactions; cash on hand; acquisition activity; investment sourcing activity; and marketing initiatives, any of which may be measured in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease. Such performance goals also may be based solely by reference to the Companys performance or the performance of a Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit of the Company or a Subsidiary, or based upon performance relative to performance of other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to performance of other companies. The Committee may provide for exclusion of the impact of an event or occurrence which the Committee determines should appropriately be excluded, including (a) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items, and other unusual, infrequently occurring or non-recurring charges or events, (b) asset write-downs, (c) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (d) acquisitions or divestitures, (e) reorganization or change in the corporate structure or capital structure of the Company, (f) an event either not directly related to the operations of the Company, Subsidiary, division, business segment or business unit or not within the reasonable control of management, (g) foreign exchange gains and losses, (h) a change in the fiscal year of the Company, (i) the refinancing or repurchase of bank loans or debt securities, (j) unbudgeted capital expenditures, (k) the issuance or repurchase of equity securities and other changes in the number of outstanding shares, (l) conversion of some or all of convertible securities to Common Stock, (m) any business interruption event (n) the cumulative effects of tax or accounting changes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or (o) the effect of changes in other laws or regulatory rules affecting reported results.

11.29

Plan means this 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

11.30

Prior Plan means the Genasys Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan.

11.31

Prior Plan Award means an award outstanding under the Prior Plan.

11.32

Restricted Stock means Shares awarded to a Participant under Article VI subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions.

11.33

Restricted Stock Unit means an unfunded, unsecured right to receive, on the applicable settlement date, one Share or an amount in cash or other consideration determined by the Administrator to be of equal value as of such settlement date, subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions.

11.34

Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

17

11.35

Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and all regulations, guidance, compliance programs and other interpretative authority thereunder.

11.36

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

11.37

Service Provider means an Employee, Consultant or Director.

11.38

Shares means shares of Common Stock.

11.39

Stock Appreciation Right means a stock appreciation right granted under Article V.

11.40

Subsidiary means any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities or interests representing at least 50% of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in one of the other entities in such chain.

11.41

Substitute Awards means Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, in each case by a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines.

11.42

Termination of Service means the date the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider.

* * * * *

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>gnss-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

Genasys INC.

2025 equity INCENTIVE PLAN

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE

Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) have the meanings given to them in the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan) of Genasys Inc. (the Company).

The Company has granted to the participant listed below (Participant) the Stock Option described in this Grant Notice (the Option), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement attached as Exhibit A (the Agreement), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference.

Participant: 

[__________]

Grant Date: 

[__________]

Exercise Price per Share: 

[__________]

Shares Subject to the Option: 

[__________]

Final Expiration Date: 

[__________]

Vesting Commencement Date: 

[__________]

Vesting Schedule: 

[__________]

Type of Option: 

[Incentive Stock Option/Non-Qualified Stock Option]

By accepting the Option, whether in writing, electronically or through an electronic stock plan administration system used by the Company, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement. Participant has received a copy of and reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement.

The Company will furnish Plan materials, including the Plan, the prospectus, the Companys annual report on Form 10-K and proxy statement and other information provided to the Companys stockholders to Participant electronically, instead of mailing printed copies of these materials to each person eligible to participate in the Plan. This process is designed to expedite Participants receipt of the Plan materials, reduce the costs of printing and distributing these materials, and help conserve natural resources. The Plan materials are available electronically through the Companys electronic stock plan administration system and also on the Companys website at https://www.genasys.com. However, if Participant would prefer to receive printed copies of the Plan materials or information provided to the Companys stockholders without charge, please contact: Genasys Inc., Attn: Secretary, 16262 West Bernardo Drive, San Diego, California 92127, Telephone: (858) 676-1112.

the company:

GENASYS inc., a Delaware corporation

By:

Name:

Title: 

PARTICIPANT:

NAME:

Acknowledgment and Agreement of Spouse

The undersigned spouse of the Participant acknowledges that he or she has read this Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms to the extent that the Participant has executed such document.

______________________________

Name:

Declaration of Unmarried Status

The Participant hereby declares that he or she is not married as of the date hereof.

______________________________

Name:

Exhibit A

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan.

ARTICLE I

GENERAL

1.1

Grant of Option. The Company has granted to Participant the Option effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date).

1.2

Incorporation of Terms of Plan. The Option is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control.

ARTICLE II

PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY

2.1

Commencement of Exercisability. The Option will vest and become exercisable according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice (the Vesting Schedule ) except that any fraction of a Share as to which the Option would be vested or exercisable will be accumulated and will vest and become exercisable only when a whole Share has accumulated. The Option shall not be exercisable with respect to fractional Shares. Notwithstanding anything in the Grant Notice, the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, unless the Administrator otherwise determines, the Option will immediately expire and be forfeited as to any portion that is not vested and exercisable as of Participants Termination of Service for any reason.

2.2

Duration of Exercisability. The Vesting Schedule is cumulative. Any portion of the Option which vests and becomes exercisable will remain vested and exercisable until the Option expires. The Option will be forfeited immediately upon its expiration.

2.3

Expiration of Option. Subject to Section 5.3 of the Plan, the Option may not be exercised to any extent by anyone after, and will expire on, the first of the following to occur:

(a)

The final expiration date in the Grant Notice, which will in no event be more than ten (10) years from the Grant Date;

(b)

If this Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and Participant, at the time the Option was granted, was a Greater Than 10% Stockholder, the expiration of five (5) years from the Grant Date;

(c)

Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the expiration of three (3) months from the date of Participants Termination of Service, unless Participants Termination of Service is for Cause or by reason of Participants death or Disability;

(d)

Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the expiration of one (1) year from the date of Participants Termination of Service by reason of Participants death or Disability; and

1

(e)

Except as the Administrator may otherwise approve, the date of Participants Termination of Service for Cause.

(f)

Except as otherwise provided in clauses (c) or (d) above, with respect to any unvested portion of the Option, the date that is thirty (30) days following Participants Termination of Service by reason of Participants death or Disability, or such shorter period as may be determined by the Administrator.

ARTICLE III

EXERCISE OF OPTION

3.1

Person Eligible to Exercise During Participants lifetime, only Participant may exercise the Option. Only the Participant, or if incapacitated, their legal representative, can exercise the Option during the Participants life. After Participants death, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time the Option expires, be exercised by Participants Designated Beneficiary as provided in the Plan.

3.2

Exercise of Option. Any exercisable portion of the Option or the entire Option, if then wholly exercisable, may be exercised, in whole or in part, according to the procedures in the Plan at any time prior to the time the Option or portion thereof expires, except that the Option may only be exercised for whole Shares.

3.3

Tax Withholding.

(a)

The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any certificate representing Shares issuable with respect to the Option to Participant or his or her legal representative unless and until Participant or his or her legal representative will have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes required by Applicable Law to be withheld in connection with the vesting, exercise or settlement of the Option, the distribution of the Shares issuable with respect thereto, or any other taxable event related to the Option (the Tax Withholding Obligation). Subject to Section 9.5 of the Plan, the Company will have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any Tax Withholding Obligation, including, without limitation, the authority to deduct such amounts from other compensation payable to Participant by the Company.

(b)

Unless Participant elects to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by some other means in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, with respect to the Tax Withholding Obligation arising as a result of the vesting, exercise or settlement of the Option, to treat Participants failure to provide timely payment in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan as Participants election to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by requesting the Company to withhold a net number of vested Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to the Option having a then-current fair market value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation (provided that if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any such action by the Company will require the approval of the Administrator) in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan.

(c)

Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the Option, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any Tax Withholding Obligations that arise in connection with the Option. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the tax treatment to Participant in connection with the awarding, vesting or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and the Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate Participants tax liability.

2

(d)

Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with Participants own tax advisors the tax consequences of this Award and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company and/or the Trustee or any of their agents.

ARTICLE IV

OTHER PROVISIONS

4.1

Award Not Transferable; Other Restrictions. Without limiting the generality of any other provision hereof, the Award will be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 9.1 of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of any other provision hereof, Participant hereby expressly acknowledges that Section 10.8 (Lock-Up Period) and Section 10.13 (Clawback Provisions) of the Plan are expressly incorporated into this Agreement and are applicable to the Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement.

4.2

Adjustments. Participant acknowledges that the Option is subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan.

4.3

Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Companys Secretary at the Companys principal office or the Secretarys then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant (or, if Participant is then deceased, to the Designated Beneficiary) at Participants last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Companys personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation.

4.4

Titles. Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

4.5

Conformity to Securities Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Option will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Laws or any such exemptive rule described in the preceding sentence.

4.6

Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

4.7

Entire Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the 

3

Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended by the Company in accordance with Section 9.6 of the Plan.

4.8

Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of the Grant Notice or this Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the provision will be severable from, and the illegality or invalidity of the provision will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of the Grant Notice or this Agreement.

4.9

Limitation on Participants Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the Option, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the Option, as and when exercised pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

4.10

Rights as a Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book-entry form) will have been issued and recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). Except as otherwise provided herein, after such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such Shares, including, without limitation, the right to receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.

4.11

Not a Contract of Employment. Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant.

4.12

Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument.

4.13

Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made thereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding choice-of-law principles of the law of any state that would require the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such state.

4.14

Incentive Stock Options. If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option, the following provisions, in addition to the terms set forth in Section 5.6 of the Plan, will apply to the Option:

(a)

Participant acknowledges that to the extent the aggregate fair market value of shares (determined as of the time the option with respect to the shares is granted) with respect to which stock options intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code, including the Option, are exercisable for the first time by Participant during any calendar year exceeds $100,000 or if for any other reason such stock options do not qualify or cease to qualify for treatment as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code, such stock options (including the Option) will be treated as non-qualified stock options. Participant further acknowledges that the rule set forth in the preceding 

4

sentence will be applied by taking the Option and other stock options into account in the order in which they were granted, as determined under Section 422(d) of the Code. Participant acknowledges that amendments or modifications made to the Option pursuant to the Plan that would cause the Option to become a Non-Qualified Stock Option will not materially or adversely affect Participants rights under the Option, and that any such amendment or modification will not require Participants consent. Participant also acknowledges that if the Option is exercised more than three (3) months after Participants Termination of Service as an Employee, other than by reason of death or Disability, the Option will be taxed as a Non-Qualified Stock Option. If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option and Participant is a Greater Than 10% Stockholder as of the Grant Date, the term of the Option will not exceed five (5) years from the Grant Date.

(b)

Participant will give prompt written notice to the Company of any disposition or other transfer of any Shares acquired under this Agreement if such disposition or other transfer is made (a) within two (2) years from the Grant Date or (b) within one (1) year after the transfer of such Shares to Participant. Such notice will specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by Participant in such disposition or other transfer.

* * * * *

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gnss-ex10_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3

Genasys INC.

2025 equity INCENTIVE PLAN

RESTRICTED STOCK Unit Grant Notice

Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) have the meanings given to them in the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan) of Genasys Inc. (the Company).

The Company has granted to the participant listed below (Participant) the Restricted Stock Units described in this Grant Notice (the RSUs), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached as Exhibit A (the Agreement), both of which are incorporated into this Grant Notice by reference.

Participant: 

[__________]

Grant Date: 

[__________]

Number of RSUs: 

[__________]

Vesting Commencement Date: 

[__________]

Vesting Schedule: 

[__________]

By accepting the RSUs, whether in writing, electronically or through an electronic stock plan administration system used by the Company, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Agreement. Participant has received a copy of and reviewed the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan, this Grant Notice or the Agreement.

The Company will furnish Plan materials, including the Plan, the prospectus, the Companys annual report on Form 10-K and proxy statement and other information provided to the Companys stockholders to Participant electronically, instead of mailing printed copies of these materials to each person eligible to participate in the Plan. This process is designed to expedite Participants receipt of the Plan materials, reduce the costs of printing and distributing these materials, and help conserve natural resources. The Plan materials are available electronically through the Companys electronic stock plan administration system and also on the Companys website at https://www.genasys.com. However, if Participant would prefer to receive printed copies of the Plan materials or information provided to the Companys stockholders without charge, please contact: Genasys Inc., Attn: Secretary, 16262 West Bernardo Drive, San Diego, California 92127, Telephone: (858) 676-1112.

the company:

GENASYS inc., a Delaware corporation

By:

Name:

Title: 

PARTICIPANT:

NAME:

Acknowledgment and Agreement of Spouse

The undersigned spouse of the Participant acknowledges that he or she has read this Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms to the extent that the Participant has executed such document.

_____________________________

Name:

Declaration of Unmarried Status

The Participant hereby declares that he or she is not married as of the date hereof.

______________________________

Name:

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Capitalized terms not specifically defined in this Agreement have the meanings specified in the Grant Notice or, if not defined in the Grant Notice, in the Plan.

ARTICLE I

GENERAL

1.1

Award of RSUs. The Company has granted the RSUs to Participant effective as of the grant date set forth in the Grant Notice (the Grant Date). Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share, as set forth in this Agreement. Participant will have no right to the distribution of any Shares until the time (if ever) the RSUs have vested.

1.2

Incorporation of Terms of Plan. The RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will control.

1.3

Unsecured Promise. The RSUs will at all times prior to settlement represent an unsecured Company obligation payable only from the Companys general assets.

ARTICLE II

VESTING; FORFEITURE AND SETTLEMENT

2.1

Vesting; Forfeiture. The RSUs will vest according to the vesting schedule in the Grant Notice (the Vesting Schedule), except that any fraction of an RSU that would otherwise be vested will be accumulated and will vest only when a whole RSU has accumulated. Except as provided in the Grant Notice, in the event of Participants Termination of Service for any reason, all unvested RSUs will immediately and automatically be cancelled and forfeited, except as otherwise determined by the Administrator or provided in a binding written agreement between Participant and the Company. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Grant Notice and been settled, Participant will have no right to any distribution with respect to such RSUs.

2.2

Settlement.

(a)

RSUs will be paid in Shares as soon as administratively practicable after the vesting of the applicable RSU, but in no event more than sixty (60) days after the applicable vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may delay any payment under this Agreement that the Company reasonably determines would violate Applicable Law until the earliest date the Company reasonably determines the making of the payment will not cause such a violation (in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii)), provided the Company reasonably believes the delay will not result in the imposition of excise taxes under Section 409A.

(b)

All distributions shall be made by the Company in the form of whole shares of Common Stock.

(c)

Neither the time nor form of distribution of Shares with respect to the RSUs may be changed, except as may be permitted by the Administrator in accordance with the Plan and Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

1

ARTICLE III

TAXATION AND TAX WITHHOLDING

3.1

Tax Withholding.

(a)

The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any certificate representing Shares issuable with respect to the RSUs to Participant or his or her legal representative unless and until Participant or his or her legal representative will have paid or otherwise satisfied in full the amount of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes required by Applicable Law to be withheld in connection with the vesting, exercise or settlement of the RSUs, the distribution of the Shares issuable with respect thereto, or any other taxable event related to the RSUs (the Tax Withholding Obligation). Subject to Section 9.5 of the Plan, the Company will have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any Tax Withholding Obligation, including, without limitation, the authority to deduct such amounts from other compensation payable to Participant by the Company.

(b)

Unless Participant elects to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by some other means in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, with respect to the Tax Withholding Obligation arising as a result of the vesting or settlement of the RSUs, to treat Participants failure to provide timely payment in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan as Participants election to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation by requesting the Company to withhold a net number of vested Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to the RSUs having a then-current fair market value not exceeding the amount necessary to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation (provided that if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any such action by the Company will require the approval of the Administrator) in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Plan.

3.2

Participant Responsibility; No Company Liability. Participant acknowledges that Participant is ultimately liable and responsible for all taxes owed in connection with the RSUs, regardless of any action the Company or any Subsidiary takes with respect to any Tax Withholding Obligations that arise in connection with the RSUs. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary makes any representation or undertaking regarding the tax treatment to Participant in connection with the awarding, vesting or settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of Shares. The Company and its Subsidiaries do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the RSUs to reduce or eliminate Participants tax liability.

3.3

Representation. Participant represents to the Company that Participant has reviewed with Participants own tax advisors the tax consequences of this Award and the transactions contemplated by the Grant Notice and this Agreement. Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents.

ARTICLE IV

OTHER PROVISIONS

4.1

Award Not Transferable; Other Restrictions. Without limiting the generality of any other provision hereof, the Award will be subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth in Section 9.1 of the Plan. Without limiting the generality of any other provision hereof, Participant hereby expressly acknowledges that Section 10.8 (Lock-Up Period) and Section 10.13 (Clawback Provisions) of the Plan are expressly incorporated into this Agreement and are applicable to the Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement.

2

4.2

Adjustments. Participant acknowledges that the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs are subject to adjustment, modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and the Plan.

4.3

Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company must be in writing and addressed to the Company in care of the Companys Secretary at the Companys principal office or the Secretarys then-current email address or facsimile number. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to Participant must be in writing and addressed to Participant at Participants last known mailing address, email address or facsimile number in the Companys personnel files. By a notice given pursuant to this Section, either party may designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice will be deemed duly given when actually received, when sent by email, when sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited with postage prepaid in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service, when delivered by a nationally recognized express shipping company or upon receipt of a facsimile transmission confirmation.

4.4

Titles. Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

4.5

Conformity to Securities Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the RSUs will be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b 3) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. Participant acknowledges that the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all Applicable Laws and, to the extent Applicable Laws permit, will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Laws or any such exemptive rule described in the preceding sentence.

4.6

Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the Plan, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

4.7

Entire Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended by the Company in accordance with Section 9.6 of the Plan.

4.8

Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision of the Grant Notice or this Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the provision will be severable from, and the illegality or invalidity of the provision will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of the Grant Notice or this Agreement.

4.9

Limitation on Participants Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests other than as herein provided. This Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to amounts payable and may not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. Participant will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect to the RSUs, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Shares as a general unsecured creditor with respect to the RSUs, as and when settled pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

3

4.10

Rights as a Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book-entry form) will have been issued and recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). Except as otherwise provided herein, after such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to such Shares, including, without limitation, the right to receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.

4.11

Not a Contract of Employment. Nothing in the Plan, the Grant Notice or this Agreement confers upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or interferes with or restricts in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant.

4.12

Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in one or more counterparts, including by way of any electronic signature, subject to Applicable Law, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one instrument.

4.13

Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made thereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, disregarding choice-of-law principles of the law of any state that would require the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than such state.

4.14

Section 409A.

(a)

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice, the Plan, this Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with, and incorporate the terms and conditions required by, Section 409A of the Code (together with any Treasury Regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Grant Date, Section 409A). The Administrator may, in its discretion, adopt such amendments to the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A.

(b)

This Agreement is not intended to provide for any deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, the Shares issuable pursuant to the RSUs hereunder shall be distributed to Participant no later than the later of: (A) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third month following Participants first taxable year in which such RSUs are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and (B) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third month following first taxable year of the Company in which such RSUs are no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture, as determined in accordance with Section 409A and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder.

* * * * *

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gnss-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Genasys Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000924383

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 000-24248

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-0361799

Entity Address, Address Line One 16262 West Bernardo Drive

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92127

City Area Code 858

Local Phone Number 676-1112

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.00001 par value per share

Trading Symbol GNSS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.genasys.com/20250317/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gnss-20250317.htm 
gnss-20250317.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-042007-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>gnss-20250317_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000924383 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

0000924383 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
Genasys Inc. 
DE 
000-24248 
87-0361799 
16262 West Bernardo Drive 
San Diego 
CA 
92127 
858 
676-1112 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.00001 par value per share 
GNSS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>