<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-004720.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-004720.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411112935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-004720
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250411
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Air Transport Services Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000894081
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COURIER SERVICES [4513]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				261631624
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50368
		FILM NUMBER:		25830551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		145 HUNTER DR
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45177
		BUSINESS PHONE:		937-382-5591

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		145 HUNTER DR
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45177

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABX Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABX AIR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950728
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp227549_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000089408100008940812025-04-112025-04-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_____________________

Form 8-K

_____________________

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 11, 2025

_____________________

Air Transport Services Group, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

_____________________

Delaware 000-50368 26-1631624

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

145 Hunter Drive, Wilmington, OH45177

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(937) 382-5591

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

_____________________

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
of Form 8-K):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share ATSG NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introduction

On April 11, 2025, pursuant to the Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of November 3, 2024, by and among Air Transport Services Group, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), Stonepeak Nile Parent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Parent),
and Stonepeak Nile MergerCo Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (MergerCo), MergerCo
merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (Company Common Stock), issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than certain shares of Company Common Stock excluded under the terms of the Merger Agreement, including any Rollover
Shares (as defined below)) was cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal
to $22.50 per share of Company Common Stock (the Merger Consideration), payable to the holder thereof, without interest.

Immediately
prior to the Effective Time, certain members of management of the Company (the Rollover Management) contributed
to an indirect parent company of Parent certain of their shares of Company Common Stock in exchange for equity interests in such indirect
parent company of Parent (such shares, the Rollover Shares). As a result of the Merger, the Rollover Shares contributed
to such parent company of Parent by the Rollover Management were automatically canceled, ceased to exist and no consideration was delivered
in exchange therefor.

At the Effective Time, in connection with the
Merger, (i) each Company RSU (as defined in the Merger Agreement) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, as of the Effective
Time, vested and was canceled and the holder thereof then became entitled to receive solely, in full satisfaction of the rights of such
holder with respect thereto, a lump-sum cash payment, without interest, equal to the product, rounded to the nearest cent, of (x) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time and (y) the Merger Consideration,
(ii) each Company PSU (as defined in the Merger Agreement) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, as of the Effective Time,
vested and was canceled and the holder thereof then became entitled to receive solely, in full satisfaction of the rights of such holder
with respect thereto, a lump-sum cash payment, without interest, equal to the product, rounded to the nearest cent, of (x) the number
of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company PSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming, for purposes of determining
the number of Company PSUs, attainment of all applicable performance goals at the higher of (A) target level of performance and (B) actual
level of performance measured as of the Effective Time) and (y) the Merger Consideration and (iii) each Company Restricted Stock Award
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, as of the Effective Time, fully vested and the
holder thereof then became entitled to receive solely, in full satisfaction of the rights of such holder with respect thereto, a lump-sum
cash payment, without interest, equal to the product, rounded to the nearest cent, of (x) the number of shares of Company Common Stock
subject to such Company Restricted Stock Award immediately prior to the Effective Time and (y) the Merger Consideration.

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, does not purport to be complete, and is subject to, and qualified in
its entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

The information set forth in the Introduction is
incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

2029 Notes Supplemental Indenture

At the Effective Time, the Company and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the 2029 Notes Trustee), entered into the First Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of the date of the Effective Time (the 2029 Notes First Supplemental Indenture), to the Indenture, dated
as of August 14, 2023, by and between the Company and the 2029 Notes Trustee (the Original Indenture and, together
with the 2029 Notes First Supplemental Indenture, the 2029 Notes Indenture), relating to the Companys 3.875%
Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes). As of the Effective Time, $400,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of the 2029 Notes were outstanding.

As a result of the Merger, and pursuant to the
2029 Notes Indenture, at and after the Effective Time, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of 2029 Notes was changed to
a right to convert such principal amount of 2029 Notes into solely cash in an amount equal to the conversion rate of the 2029 Notes in
effect on the relevant conversion date (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the 2029 Notes Indenture) multiplied by $22.50.

The consummation of the Merger constitutes a Common
Stock Change Event, a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (each as defined in the 2029 Notes Indenture) under the 2029
Notes Indenture. The effective date of the Common Stock Change Event, Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change in respect
of the 2029 Notes is April 11, 2025, which is the date of the Effective Time.

As a result of the Fundamental Change, each holder
of the 2029 Notes will have the right to require the Company to repurchase its 2029 Notes pursuant to the terms and procedures set forth
in the 2029 Notes Indenture for a cash repurchase price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (as defined in the 2029 Notes
Indenture).

Supplemental Indenture 

In addition, in connection with the consummation
of the Merger, at the Effective Time, Parent, Stonepeak Nile Lower Holdings LLC (Holdings), the Company, certain
of the Companys subsidiaries (the Subsidiary Guarantors) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee (the Trustee) and as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent), entered into the first
supplemental indenture to the indenture, dated as of February 18, 2025, by and among Parent, Holdings, MergerCo, the Trustee and the Collateral
Agent (as supplemented, the Parent Indenture), governing Parents 7.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 with
an initial aggregate principal amount of $500 million (the 2032 Notes), pursuant to which the Company and the Subsidiary
Guarantors agreed to guarantee Parents obligations under the Parent Indenture and the 2032 Notes. The 2032 Notes and the related
guarantees are secured on a first-priority basis by substantially all assets of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors (subject to
certain exclusions and exceptions). The Parent Indenture and the 2032 Notes include restrictive covenants, events of default and other
provisions that are customary for obligations of this type.

Credit Facilities

In connection with the consummation of the Merger,
at the Effective Time, Holdings, Parent, as borrower, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative
agent and collateral agent, entered into a credit agreement (the New Parent Credit Agreement) governing Parents
senior secured credit facilities, which include (i) a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1,500 million, maturing
on the seventh anniversary of the Effective Time and (ii) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate committed principal amount, when
taken together with the amount outstanding under the New Irish Credit Agreement (as defined below), of $400 million, including a letter
of credit sub facility, maturing on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Time. The obligations under the New Parent Credit Agreement
are secured on a first priority basis by substantially all assets of Parent and the Subsidiary Guarantors (subject to certain exclusions
and exceptions). The New Parent Credit Agreement includes representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions
that are customary for facilities of this type.

Additionally, at the Effective Time, Parent, Airborne
Global Leasing Limited, as borrower, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and
collateral agent, entered into a credit agreement (the New Irish Credit Agreement) governing Airborne Global Leasing
Limiteds revolving credit facility in an aggregate committed principal amount of $100 million, maturing on the fifth anniversary
of the Effective Time. The obligations under the New Irish Credit Agreement will be secured on a first priority basis by certain aircraft
of Parent and its subsidiaries. The New Irish Credit Agreement includes representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and
other provisions that are customary for facilities of this type.

The foregoing descriptions of the 2029 Notes Indenture
and the transactions contemplated thereby are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the 2029 Notes
Indenture. A copy of the Original Indenture was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 15, 2023. A copy of the 2029 Notes First Supplemental Indenture is filed
as Exhibit 4.1 hereto. The Original Indenture and the 2029 Notes First Supplemental Indenture are incorporated by reference into this
Item 1.01. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to tender for, or purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to tender
for, or purchase, any of the 2029 Notes, 2032 Notes or any other security.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The information set forth in the Introduction is
incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01.

At the Effective Time, each outstanding warrant
for shares of Company Common Stock governed by the Amazon Warrants (as defined in the Merger Agreement) automatically vested and, following
the Companys exercise of its mandatory exercise right, was exercised in accordance with the terms of the Amazon Warrants for the
Merger Consideration that the Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrant immediately prior to the Merger would have been
entitled to receive upon consummation of the Merger.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in the Introduction and
Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 2.04 Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

The information set forth in the Introduction and
Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.04.

Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in Item 2.01 is incorporated
by reference into this Item 3.01.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger,
the Company requested, on April 3, 2025, that the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ) suspend trading of Company Common
Stock on NASDAQ and remove Company Common Stock from listing on NASDAQ, in each case, prior to the opening of the market on April 11,
2025. On April 11, 2025, the Company requested that NASDAQ file a notification of removal from listing of Company Common Stock on Form
25 with the SEC.

The Company intends to file a Form 15 with the
SEC to terminate the registration of Company Common Stock under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act following the effectiveness
of such Form 25.

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth
in Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

At the Effective Time, each
holder of Company Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a shareholder of the Company
other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 2.01, Item 3.01,
Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

As a result of the Merger, a change in control
of the Company occurred, and the Company is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. The total amount of consideration payable to the
Companys security holders in connection with the Merger was approximately $1,465 million. The
funds used to complete the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby were provided by equity contributions from funds managed by
affiliates of Stonepeak Partners LLC, as well as third-party debt financing described in part above.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As of the Effective Time,
in accordance with the Merger Agreement, all of the members of the Companys Board of Directors immediately prior to the Effective
Time resigned as directors of the Company. The positions on committees of the Companys Board of Directors held by such resigning
directors are as set forth in the Companys Annual Report filed on form 10-K with the SEC on March 3, 2025, as amended, under the
Section Part III, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Following the Merger, Joseph
C. Hete was reappointed as a director of the Board of Directors of the surviving company.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth
in Item 2.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.01 and Item 5.02 is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective
Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Company was amended and restated and, as so amended and restated, shall be the certificate
of incorporation of the Company until further amended. In addition, the bylaws of MergerCo in effect at the Effective Time became the
bylaws of the Company (except that references to the name of MergerCo were replaced by reference to the name of the Company). Copies of
the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws are attached as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 8.01. Other Events. 

On April 11, 2025, the Company
and Parent issued a joint press release announcing the completion of the Merger, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and
incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

On April 11, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to the 2029 Notes, a copy of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

In addition, as previously
announced in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on March 27, 2025, in accordance with the Indenture dated
as of January 28, 2020 (the Base Indenture), among Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc., as issuer (the Issuer),
the Company, as guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Regions Bank, as trustee (the 2028 Notes Trustee),
as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated April 13, 2021 (the 2028 Notes First Supplemental Indenture
and, together with the Base Indenture, the 2028 Notes Indenture) relating to the Issuers $700,000,000 4.750%
Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), the 2028 Notes Trustee delivered notice of conditional redemption to the
holders of the 2028 Notes in relation to the redemption in full of all of the outstanding 2028 Notes on the date of the Effective Time,
conditioned upon the substantially concurrent completion of the Merger, in accordance with the 2028 Notes Indenture.

On the date of the Effective Time, Parent caused
to be irrevocably deposited with the 2028 Notes Trustee sufficient funds to fund the redemption of the outstanding 2028 Notes. After the
deposit of such funds, the 2028 Notes Indenture was discharged in accordance with its terms. As a result of the discharge of the 2028
Notes Indenture, each of the Issuer and the Company has been released from its obligations under the 2028 Notes Indenture, except those
provisions of the 2028 Notes Indenture that, by their terms, survive the discharge of the 2028 Notes Indenture.

The foregoing descriptions of the 2028 Notes Indenture
and the 2028 Notes are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the 2028 Notes Indenture. A copy of
the Base Indenture was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on January 28, 2020. A
copy of the 2028 Notes First Supplemental Indenture was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with
the SEC on April 13, 2021. The Base Indenture and the 2028 Notes First Supplemental Indenture are incorporated by reference into this
Item 8.01. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to tender for, or purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to tender
for, or purchase, any of the 2028 Notes or any other security.

On the date of the Effective Time, the Company
(i) repaid all loans and discharged all obligations and terminated all credit commitments, security agreements and liens outstanding under
the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2023 and as amended from time to time, among Airborne Global Leasing Limited, as borrower,
Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc. and the Company, as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Trust Bank, as administrative
agent (the 2023 Credit Agreement) and (ii) repaid all loans and discharged all obligations and terminated all credit
commitments, security agreements and liens outstanding under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021,
among Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc., as borrower, the Company, the lenders and other financial institutions from time to time party
thereto and Trust Bank, as administrative agent (the Original 2021 Credit Agreement), as amended by the First Amendment
to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Other Credit Documents, dated as of October 19, 2022 (the First Amendment
to 2021 Credit Agreement) and the Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2023
(the Second Amendment to 2021 Credit Agreement) (the Original 2021 Credit Agreement as amended by the First Amendment
to 2021 Credit Agreement and the Second Amendment to 2021 Credit Agreement, the 2021 Credit Agreement and, together
with the 2023 Credit Agreement, the Existing Credit Agreements).

The foregoing descriptions of the Existing Credit
Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the
Existing Credit Agreements. A copy of the 2023 Credit Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
Company with the SEC on March 3, 2023. A copy of the Original 2021 Credit Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on
Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on April 6, 2021. A copy of the First Amendment to 2021 Credit Agreement was filed as Exhibit
10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on October 20, 2022. A copy of the Second Amendment to 2021 Credit
Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on March 3, 2023. The 2023 Credit
Agreement and 2021 Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference into this Item 8.01.

Item 9.01. Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 3, 2024, by and among Air Transport Services Group, Inc., Stonepeak Nile Parent LLC and Stonepeak Nile MergerCo Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Air Transport Services Group, Inc. 8-K (File No. 000-50368) filed on November 4, 2024)*

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Air Transport Services Group Inc., dated April 11, 2025.

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Air Transport Services Group, Inc., dated April 11, 2025.

4.1 

First Supplemental 2029 Notes Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2025, to the 2029 Notes Indenture, dated August 14, 2023, by and between Air Transport Services Group, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.

99.1 

Joint Press Release, dated April 11, 2025.

99.2 Convertible Notes Press Release, dated April 11, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted
schedule or similar attachment will be furnished to the SEC upon request.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ W. Joseph Payne

Name: W. Joseph Payne

Title: Chief Legal Officer & Secretary

Date: April 11, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>atsg-20250411.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>atsg-20250411_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>atsg-20250411_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dp227549_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP, INC. 

FIRST: The name of this corporation (the
Corporation) shall be Air Transport Services Group, Inc.

SECOND: Its registered office in the State
of Delaware is to be located at Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801, United
States, and the name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The purpose or purposes of the Corporation
shall be to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware (the DGCL).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock
which this Corporation is authorized to issue is 1,000. All such shares are of one class and are shares of common stock with the par value
of $0.01 per share.

FIFTH: The Board of Directors shall have
the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws.

SIXTH: Indemnification and Insurance.

(A) Right to Indemnification.

(1) Persons Entitled to Indemnification. Subject to the DGCL as existing or hereafter amended (but,
in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights
than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), the Corporation will indemnify and hold harmless each person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative (a Proceeding), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she
is the legal representative, is or was, had agreed to become or is alleged to have been, a director or officer of the Corporation, and
each person who is or was serving, or had agreed to serve or is alleged to have served, at the request of or to further the interests
of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of, or in a similar capacity for, another corporation or of a partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans of the Corporation or of any of its
affiliates (Indemnitee).

(2) Scope of Indemnification. The indemnification right pursuant to this Section (A) will extend to
persons entitled to such right whether the basis of such Proceeding is alleged action or inaction in an official capacity or in any
other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent.

(3) Expenses Indemnified. The Corporation will indemnify persons entitled to indemnity against all
costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and losses (including court costs and attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes
or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith.

(4) Survival. The indemnification right outlined in this Section (A) will continue as to a person who
has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent. Further, the indemnification right will inure to the benefit of such Indemnitees
estate, heirs, executors and administrators.

(5) Limitation of Indemnification. The Corporation will indemnify any Indemnitee seeking indemnification
in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized
by the Board of Directors.

(B) Repayment of Indemnified Expenses. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article Sixth
shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in investigating and defending
or responding to any such Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, and any appeal therefrom (Advance Payment),
such advances to be paid by the Corporation within twenty (20) days after the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements
from the claimant requesting such advance or advances from time to time. Nevertheless, if the DGCL so requires, such Advance Payment of
expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was
or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) will be
made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if
it shall ultimately be determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under Delaware law.

(C) Indemnification of Other Persons. The Corporation may, by action of the Board of Directors, provide
indemnification to employees and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the indemnification of directors and officers
as outlined in Sections (A)(1) and (A)(2) above.

(D) Right of Claimant to Bring Suit. If a claim brought under Sections (A)(1), (A)(2) or (A)(3) of
this Article Sixth is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation,
the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If the claimants
suit is successful in whole or in part, the claimant will be entitled to recover also the expense of prosecuting such claim.

(1) Valid Defenses to the Claimants Action. It shall be a defense to any such action (other
than an action brought to enforce a claim for Advance Payment where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to
the Corporation) that the claimant has failed to meet a standard of conduct which makes it permissible under Delaware law for the Corporation
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation.

(2) Invalid Defenses to the Claimants Action. Neither of the following acts or omissions will
be a defense to the claimants action or create a presumption that the claimant has failed to meet the standard of conduct described
in Section (D)(1) above:

(a) the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders)
to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is permissible in the circumstances
because the claimant has met such standard of conduct; nor

(b) an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel
or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such standard of conduct.

(E) Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The right to indemnification and to Advance Payments conferred in this
Article Sixth shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any: (1) statute; (2) provision
of this Certificate of Incorporation; (3) Bylaw; (4) agreement; (5) vote of stockholders; (6) vote of disinterested directors; or (7)
otherwise.

2

(F) Insurance. Regardless of whether the Corporation would have the power under Delaware law to indemnify
itself or any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect such persons or entities against any such
expense, liability or loss.

(G) Expenses as a Witness. The Corporation will indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent
of the Corporation who, by reason of such position, or a position with another entity at the request of the Corporation, is a witness
in any Proceeding. Such indemnity will cover all costs and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the witness or on his or her behalf
in connection with the Proceeding.

(H) Indemnity Agreements. The Corporation may enter into agreements with any director, officer, employee
or agent of the Corporation providing for indemnification to the full extent permitted by Delaware law.

(I) Amendment. No amendment, repeal, modification or termination of this Article Sixth or
the relevant provision of the DGCL or any other applicable laws shall in any way diminish or adversely affect the rights of any director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any occurrence or matter arising prior to any such amendment, repeal,
modification or termination.

(J) Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Article Sixth shall be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (1) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this
Article Sixth (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Article Sixth containing any such provision held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby; and (2) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article Sixth (including, without limitation, each
portion of any section of this Article Sixth containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid,
illegal or unenforceable.

SEVENTH: No person shall be elected to
serve as a director of the Corporation unless immediately following such election, at least two-thirds of the directors of the Corporation
consist of persons who are then citizens of the United States (as such term is defined in 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(15)
as interpreted by the U.S. Department of Transportation, or as the same may be amended from time to time) (such persons, U.S.
Citizens). No person shall be appointed to serve as an officer of the Corporation unless immediately following such
appointment, at least two-thirds of the officers of the Corporation consist of persons who are then U.S. Citizens. The President of the
Corporation shall at all times be a U.S. Citizen.

EIGHTH:

(A) U.S. Citizenship Requirement. At no time shall more than 24.9% of the voting interest of the Corporation
(the Maximum Voting Interest) be owned or controlled by persons who are not citizens of the United States
(as such term is defined in 49 U.S.C. 40102(a)(15) as interpreted by the U.S. Department of Transportation, or as the same may
be amended from time to time) (such persons, Non-Citizens). Any determination as to ownership, control or citizenship
made by the Board of Directors shall be conclusive and binding as between the Corporation and any holder of Stock for the purposes of
this Section (A).

(B) Foreign Stock Record. The Corporation or any transfer agent designated by it shall maintain a separate
Stock record (the Foreign Stock Record) in which shall be registered Stock known to the Corporation to be owned or
controlled by persons who are Non-Citizens. The Foreign Stock Record shall include (1) the name and nationality of each such Non-Citizen,
(2) the number of shares of Stock owned or controlled by such Non-Citizen and (3) the date of registration of such Stock in the Foreign
Stock Record. In no event shall shares of Stock in excess of the Maximum Voting Interest be entered on the Foreign Stock Record. In the
event that the Corporation shall determine that the shares of Stock registered on the Foreign Stock Record exceeds the Maximum Voting
Interest, sufficient shares of Stock shall be removed from the Foreign Stock Record so that the number of shares of Stock entered therein
does not exceed the Maximum Voting Interest. Shares of Stock shall be removed from the Foreign Stock Record in reverse chronological order
based upon the date of registration therein (i.e., last on, first off).

3

(C) Suspension of Voting Rights. If at any time the number of shares of Stock known to the Corporation
to be owned or controlled by Non-Citizens exceeds the Maximum Voting Interest, the voting rights of the shares of Stock owned or controlled
by Non-Citizens and not registered on the Foreign Stock Record at the time of any vote or action of the Stockholders shall, without further
action by the Corporation, be suspended. Such suspension of the voting rights shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of the (1)
transfer of such Stock to a person or entity who is a citizen of the United States (as such term is defined in 49 U.S.C.
40102(a)(15) as interpreted by the U.S. Department of Transportation, or as the same may be amended from time to time), or (2)
registration of such shares of Stock on the Foreign Stock Record, subject to the last two sentences of Section (B) above.

NINTH: Assignments and Transfers of
Stock. Each Stockholder may transfer all or any portion of its Stock and any and all rights and/or obligations associated therewith
to any person with the prior written consent of the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any transfer or attempted transfer
in breach of Section (A) of Article Eighth, or that otherwise results in Non-Citizens owning or controlling more than the Maximum Voting
Interest shall be void ab initio and of no effect. Any person who transfers or attempts or intends to transfer beneficial ownership of
its Stock that will or may violate the foregoing sentence shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event, or in
the case of such a proposed or attempted transfer, give at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Corporation
such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such transfer on the ownership or control
of the Corporation by Non-Citizens. Each person who is a beneficial owner of shares of Stock and each Person (including the Stockholder
of record) who is holding shares of Stock for a beneficial owner shall provide to the Corporation such information as the Corporation
may request, in good faith, in order to determine the Corporations compliance with requirements of Sections (A) and (B) of Article
Eighth hereof. Any transferee of Stock in accordance with this Article Ninth shall be admitted to the Corporation as a stockholder upon
its execution of a written instrument reasonably acceptable to the Board of Directors.

TENTH: A director of the Corporation shall
not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent
such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any
amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation
hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal.

ELEVENTH: Unless and except to the extent
that the bylaws of the Corporation shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot.

TWELFTH: Corporate Opportunities.

(A) The provisions of this Article Twelfth are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of affairs of
the Corporation with respect to certain business opportunities as they may involve Stonepeak Partners LLC (Stonepeak),
members of the Board of Directors or their respective Affiliates (as defined below) in recognition and anticipation that (1) certain directors,
principals, officers, employees and other representatives of Stonepeak and its Affiliates may serve as directors, principals, officers,
employees and other representatives of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, (2) Stonepeak and its Affiliates may now engage and may continue
to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries, directly
or indirectly, may engage and other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries,
directly or indirectly, may engage, and (3) members of the Board of Directors and their respective Affiliates may now engage and may continue
to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may
engage and other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries, directly or
indirectly, may engage.

4

(B) To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of (1) Stonepeak or any of its Affiliates or (2) any director
of the Corporation or his or her Affiliates (the Persons (as defined below) identified in (1) and (2) above being referred to, collectively,
as Identified Persons and, individually, as an Identified Person) shall have any duty to refrain
from directly or indirectly (x) engaging in any business opportunity, including but not limited to business opportunities in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates may, from time to time, be engaged
or propose to engage (a Business Opportunity) or (y) competing with the Corporation, and, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, no Identified Person shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any duty by reason of the fact that
such Identified Person engages in any such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any Business Opportunity presented to an Identified Person, except
as provided in Section (C) below. Subject to Section (C) below, in the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of a Business
Opportunity, such Identified Person shall have no duty to communicate or offer such Business Opportunity to the Corporation or any of
its Affiliates and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any
duty as a stockholder, director or officer of the Corporation by reason of the fact that such Identified Person pursues or acquires such
Business Opportunity. A Business Opportunity shall not be deemed to be a potential Business Opportunity for the Corporation if it is a
Business Opportunity that the Corporation is not financially able or contractually permitted or legally able to undertake, or that is,
from its nature, not in the line of the Corporations business or is of no practical advantage to it or that is one in which the
Corporation has no reasonable expectancy.

(C) The Corporation does not renounce its interest in any Business Opportunity offered to any director or
officer of the Corporation if such opportunity is expressly offered to such person in his or her capacity as a director or officer of
the Corporation.

(D) For purposes of this Article Twelfth, (1) Affiliate shall mean (a) in respect of
Stonepeak, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by Stonepeak, controls Stonepeak or is under common control with Stonepeak
and shall include any principal, member, director, partner, stockholder, officer, employee or other representative of any of the foregoing
(other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation), (b) in respect of a director, any Person that, directly
or indirectly, is controlled by such director (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation) and (c)
in respect of the Corporation, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by the Corporation, (2) Person
shall mean any individual (and such individuals heirs, executors or administrators), corporation, general or limited partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture, trust, association or any other entity and (3) for purposes of the definition of Affiliate,
control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by
and under common control with), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by agreement or otherwise.

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dp227549_ex0302.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

BYLAWS

OF

STONEPEAK NILE MERGERCO INC.

ARTICLE
I

Meetings of Stockholders

Section 1.1. Annual
Meetings. If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of stockholders of Stonepeak Nile MergerCo Inc. (the Corporation)
shall be held for the election of directors at such date, time and place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may
be designated by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) from time to time. Any
other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any
annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors.

Section 1.2. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board of Directors,
but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders
shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special
meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board of Directors.

Section 1.3. Notice
of Meetings. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting
shall be given that shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which
stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and,
in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by law,
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation) or these Bylaws, the notice
of any meeting shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
entitled to vote at the meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. If
mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder
at such stockholder's address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.

Section 1.4. Adjournments. Any
meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need
not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At
the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If
the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled
to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed
for the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such
adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting,
and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned
meeting.

Section 1.5. Quorum. Except
as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at each meeting of stockholders the presence in person
or by proxy of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting shall be necessary
and sufficient to constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum, the stockholders so present may, by a majority in voting
power thereof, adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 1.4 of these Bylaws until a quorum shall attend. Shares
of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another Corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election
of directors of such other Corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted
for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation
to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity.

Section 1.6. Organization. Meetings
of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence by the Vice Chairperson
of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence by the Senior Managing Director, or in his or her absence by the Managing
Director, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairperson designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such
designation by a chairperson chosen at the meeting. The Managing Director shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his
or her absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

Section 1.7. Voting;
Proxies. Except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder
entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder which has
voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent
to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no
such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy
shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law
to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting
in person or by delivering to the Managing Director or the Senior Managing Director of the Corporation a revocation of the proxy or a
new proxy bearing a later date. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot. At all meetings
of stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. All
other elections and questions presented to the stockholders at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall, unless otherwise provided
by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, applicable
law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority in voting power of the shares of stock of the Corporation which are present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon.

-2-

Section 1.8. Fixing
Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.

(a) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60)
nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also
be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the
time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If
no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is
waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders
of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however,
that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and
in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date
as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting.

(b) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such other action. If
no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the
day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

(c) Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede
the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more
than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If
no record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting is fixed by the
Board of Directors, (i) when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for such purpose shall be the
first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in
accordance with applicable law, and (ii) if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, the record date for such purpose
shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

-3-

Section 1.9. List of
Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger shall prepare and make, at least ten
(10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however,
if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list
shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing
the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open
to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting (i) on a reasonably
accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of meeting
or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held
at a place, then a list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting
during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by
means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting
on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the
meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled
to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 1.9 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders.

Section 1.10. Action
By Written Consent of Stockholders. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required
or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and
without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding
stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office
in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which
minutes of proceedings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation's registered office shall be by hand
or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a
meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall, to the extent required by law, be given to those stockholders who have not consented
in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for
notice of such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered
to the Corporation.

Section 1.11. Inspectors
of Election. The Corporation may, and shall if required by law, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint
one or more inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof and to make
a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector
who fails to act. In the event that no inspector so appointed or designated is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the
person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering
upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath to execute faithfully the duties of inspector with strict impartiality
and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspector or inspectors so appointed or designated shall (i) ascertain
the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and the voting power of each such share, (ii) determine the shares
of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots,
(iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors,
and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and such inspectors
count of all votes and ballots. Such certification and report shall specify such other information as may be required by law. In
determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, the inspectors may
consider such information as is permitted by applicable law. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may
serve as an inspector at such election.

-4-

Section 1.12. Conduct
of Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders
will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors may
adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except
to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the person presiding over any meeting
of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe
such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper
conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the
presiding person of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business
for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on
attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies
or such other persons as the presiding person of the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time
fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The
presiding person at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct
of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before
the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter
or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined
by the Board of Directors or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance
with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

ARTICLE
II

Board of Directors

Section 2.1. Number;
Qualifications. The Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members, the number thereof to be determined from
time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Directors need not be stockholders.

Section 2.2. Election;
Resignation; Vacancies. The Board of Directors shall initially consist of the persons named as directors in the Certificate
of Incorporation or elected by the incorporator of the Corporation, and each director so elected shall hold office until the first annual
meeting of stockholders or until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. At the first annual meeting of stockholders
and at each annual meeting thereafter, the stockholders shall elect directors each of whom shall hold office for a term of one year or
until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, subject to such directors earlier death, resignation, disqualification
or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation. Unless otherwise provided by law
or the Certificate of Incorporation, any newly created directorship or any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause may
be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality
of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office
of the director whom he or she has replaced or until his or her successor is elected and qualified.

-5-

Section 2.3. Regular
Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places within or without the State of Delaware
and at such times as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Section 2.4. Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or place within or without the State of
Delaware whenever called by the Senior Managing Director, the Managing Director, or by any member of the Board of Directors. Notice
of a special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting at least 24 hours before the
special meeting.

Section 2.5. Telephonic
Meetings Permitted. Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate
in a meeting thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in
the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this bylaw shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 2.6. Quorum;
Vote Required for Action. At all meetings of the Board of Directors the directors entitled to cast a majority of the
votes of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except in cases in which the
Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the applicable law otherwise provides (but subject to the terms of any agreement entered
into by the Corporation), a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present
shall be the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 2.7. Organization. Meetings
of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence by the
Vice Chairperson of the Board of Directors, if any, or in his or her absence by the Senior Managing Director, or in their absence by a
chairperson chosen at the meeting. The Managing Director shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the
chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

Section 2.8. Action
by Unanimous Consent of Directors. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without
a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic
transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors
or committee in accordance with applicable law.

-6-

ARTICLE
III

Committees

Section 3.1. Committees. The
Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The
Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members
thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such
committee, to the extent permitted by law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise
all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize
the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.

Section 3.2. Committee
Rules. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board of Directors may make,
alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business
in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Bylaws.

ARTICLE
IV

Officers

Section 4.1. Officers;
Election; Qualifications; Term of Office; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies. The Board of Directors shall elect a Senior
Managing Director and Managing Director, and it may, if it so determines, choose a Chairperson of the Board of Directors and a Vice Chairperson
of the Board of Directors from among its members. The Board of Directors may also choose a Treasurer and one or more Assistant
Treasurers and such other officers as it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable. Each such officer shall hold
office until the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the annual meeting of stockholders next succeeding his or her election,
and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any officer may
resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. The Board of Directors may remove any officer with or without cause
at any time, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. Any
number of offices may be held by the same person. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation,
removal or otherwise may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting.

Section 4.2. Powers
and Duties of Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and duties in the management of the
Corporation as may be prescribed in a resolution by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to
their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may require any officer,
agent or employee to give security for the faithful performance of his or her duties.

-7-

Section 4.3. Appointing
Attorneys and Agents; Voting Securities of Other Entities. Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board
of Directors, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Senior Managing Director or the Managing Director may from time to time appoint
an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes which
the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other Corporation or other entity, any of whose
stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of such other Corporation
or other entity, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other Corporation or other
entity, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consents, and may execute
or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such written proxies
or other instruments as he or she may deem necessary or proper. Any of the rights set forth in this Section 4.3 which may be
delegated to an attorney or agent may also be exercised directly by the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, the Senior Managing Director
or the Managing Director.

ARTICLE
V

Stock

Section 5.1. Certificates. The
shares of the Corporation shall be uncertificated, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that
some or all of any or all classes or series of stock shall be represented by certificates. Every holder of stock represented
by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairperson or Vice Chairperson
of the Board of Directors, if any, or the Senior Managing Director or the Managing Director, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer,
of the Corporation certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation. Any of or all the signatures on
the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature
has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued,
it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date
of issue.

Section 5.2. Lost,
Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of
stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may
require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owners legal representative, to give the Corporation a
bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of
any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.

-8-

ARTICLE
VI

Indemnification

Section 6.1. Indemnification
Of Directors And Officers In Third Party Proceedings. Subject to the other provisions of this Article VI, the Corporation
shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL),
as now or hereinafter in effect, any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding) (other than an
action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or while a director of the Corporation or officer of the Corporation is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such
Proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was
unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent,
shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable
cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful.

Section 6.2. Indemnification
Of Directors And Officers In Actions By Or In The Right Of The Corporation. Subject to the other provisions of this
Article VI, the Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as now or hereinafter in effect, any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of
the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or while a director or officer of the Corporation is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually
and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good
faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no
indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to
the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine
upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

Section 6.3. Successful
Defense. To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits
or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described in Section 6.1 or Section 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such
person in connection therewith.

Section 6.4. Indemnification
Of Others. Subject to the other provisions of this Article VI, the Corporation shall have power to indemnify its employees
and its agents to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate
the determination of whether employees or agents shall be indemnified to such person or persons as the Board of Directors determines.

-9-

Section 6.5. Advanced
Payment Of Expenses. Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an officer or director of the Corporation in
defending any Proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation, and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by the Corporation's employees
and agents in defending any Proceeding may be paid by the Corporation, in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding upon receipt
of a written request therefor (together with documentation reasonably evidencing such expenses) and an undertaking by or on behalf of
the person to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article
VI or the DGCL. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may
be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems reasonably appropriate and shall be subject to the Corporation's
expense guidelines. The right to advancement of expenses shall not apply to any claim for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to these
Bylaws, but shall apply to any Proceeding referenced in Section 6.6(b), 6.6(c) or 6.6(e) prior to a determination that the person is not
entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation.

Section 6.6. Limitation
On Indemnification. Subject to the requirements in Section 8.3 and the DGCL, the Corporation shall not be obligated
to indemnify any person pursuant to this Article VI in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding):

(a) for
which payment has actually been made to or on behalf of such person under any statute, insurance policy, indemnity provision, vote or
otherwise, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount paid;

(b) for
an accounting or disgorgement of profits pursuant to Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act, or similar provisions of federal, state or local statutory
law or common law, if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant to any settlement arrangements);

(c) for
any reimbursement of the Corporation by such person of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits
realized by such person from the sale of securities of the Corporation, as required in each case under the 1934 Act (including any such
reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Corporation pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Corporation of profits arising from the purchase and sale by such
person of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), if such person is held liable therefor (including pursuant
to any settlement arrangements);

(d) initiated
by such person (and not by way of defense), unless (a) the Board of Directors authorized the Proceeding (or the relevant part of the Proceeding)
prior to its initiation, (b) the Corporation provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the
Corporation under applicable law, (c) otherwise required to be made under Section 8.7 or (d) otherwise required by applicable law; or

(e) if
prohibited by applicable law; provided, however, that if any provision or provisions of this Article VI shall be held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (1) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article
VI (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph or clause containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby;
and (2) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph
or clause containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent
manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

-10-

Section 6.7. Determination;
Claim. If a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VI is not paid in full within 90
days after receipt by the Corporation of the written request therefor, the claimant shall be entitled to an adjudication by a court of
competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses. The Corporation shall indemnify such
person against any and all expenses that are incurred by such person in connection with any action for indemnification or advancement
of expenses from the Corporation under this Article VI, to the extent such person is successful in such action, and to the extent not
prohibited by law. In any such suit, the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by law, have the burden of proving that
the claimant is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses.

Section 6.8. Non-Exclusivity
Of Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the
Certificate of Incorporation or any statute, bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to
action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Corporation is specifically
authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees or agents respecting indemnification
and advancement of expenses, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL or other applicable law.

Section 6.9. Insurance. The
Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity,
or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such
liability under the provisions of the DGCL.

Section 6.10. Survival. The
rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Article VI shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be
a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

Section 6.11. Effect
Of Repeal Or Modification. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article VI shall not adversely affect any right
or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.

Section 6.12. Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Article VI, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition
to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or
merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees
or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the resulting or surviving
corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes
of this Article VI, references to other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines
shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the
request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes
duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants
or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation as referred to in this Article VI.

-11-

ARTICLE
VII

Miscellaneous

Section 7.1. Fiscal
Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 7.2. Seal. The
corporate seal shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time
by the Board of Directors.

Section 7.3. Manner
of Notice. Except as otherwise provided herein or permitted by applicable law, notices to directors and stockholders
shall be in writing and delivered personally or mailed to the directors or stockholders at their addresses appearing on the books of the
Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, and except as
prohibited by applicable law, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of applicable law, the Certificate
of Incorporation, or these Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented
to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder
by written notice to the Corporation. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation, within sixty (60)
days of having been given written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send the single notice permitted under this Section 6.3,
shall be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice. Notice to directors may be given by telecopier,
telephone or other means of electronic transmission.

Section 7.4. Waiver
of Notice of Meetings of Stockholders, Directors and Committees. Any waiver of notice, given by the person entitled
to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at
a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting,
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither
the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors, or members of a committee
of directors need be specified in a waiver of notice.

Section 7.5. Form of
Records. Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger,
books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of, any information storage device or method, provided
that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time. 

-12-

Section 7.6. Amendment
of Bylaws. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws made, by the Board of Directors, but the
stockholders may make additional Bylaws and may alter and repeal any Bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise.

ARTICLE
VIII

Forum for Adjudication of Certain Disputes

Section 8.1. Unless the Corporation
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent), the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty)
owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations
stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising out of or relating to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware or the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time) or as to which the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding
shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware or, if no court of the State of Delaware has jurisdiction,
then the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Article VIII, unless the
Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause the Corporation
irreparable harm and the Corporation shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce
the foregoing provisions. Any person or entity purchasing, otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the
Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions of this Article VIII. The existence of any prior
Alternative Forum Consent shall not act as a waiver of the Corporations ongoing consent right as set forth above in this Article
VIII with respect to any current or future actions or claims.

-13-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dp227549_ex0401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

EXECUTION VERSION

AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP, INC.

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of April 11, 2025

3.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of April
11, 2025 (this Supplemental Indenture), between Air Transport Services Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
as issuer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), to the Indenture, dated as
of August 14, 2023 (as supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Indenture), between the Company
and the Trustee.

WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and
delivered the Indenture, pursuant to which the Company issued its 3.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the Notes)
in the original aggregate principal amount of $400,000,000;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 3, 2024 (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified, the Merger Agreement),
by and among the Company, Stonepeak Nile Parent LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Parent), and Stonepeak
Nile MergerCo Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (MergerCo);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
MergerCo will merge with and into the Company (the Merger) on the date hereof, with the Company, as the surviving
entity in the Merger, becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent as of the date hereof;

WHEREAS, the Merger constitutes a Common Stock
Change Event under the Indenture;

WHEREAS, Section 5.08(A) of the Indenture
provides that, at or before the effective time of any Common Stock Change Event, the Company and the resulting, surviving or transferee
Person (if not the Company) of such Common Stock Change Event will execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant
to Section 8.01(F) of the Indenture, which supplemental indenture will (x) provide for subsequent conversions of Notes in the manner set
forth in Section 5.08 of the Indenture; (y) provide for subsequent adjustments to the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.05(A)
of the Indenture in a manner consistent with Section 5.08 of the Indenture; and (z) contain such other provisions as the Company
reasonably determines are appropriate to preserve the economic interests of the Holders and to give effect to the provisions of Section
5.08(A) of the Indenture;

WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger, each outstanding
share of Common Stock prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than certain shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Merger
Agreement) shall be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $22.50, without interest, in accordance with the terms
of the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, Section 8.01 of the Indenture provides
that the Company and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture without the consent of any Holder to, among other things, (i) enter
into supplemental indentures pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 5.08 of the Indenture in connection with a Common Stock Change
Event; or (ii) make any change to the Indenture that does not, individually or in the aggregate with all other such changes, adversely
affect the rights of the Holders, as such, in any material respect;

WHEREAS, in connection with the execution and delivery
of this Supplemental Indenture, the Trustee has received an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as contemplated by Sections
8.06, 11.02 and 11.03 of the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Trustee
execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and has satisfied all requirements necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid
instrument in accordance with its terms.

-2-

WITNESSETH:

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company covenants and agrees with the
Trustee as follows for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders:

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions in the Supplemental
Indenture. Unless otherwise specified herein or the context otherwise requires:

(a) a term defined in the Indenture has the
same meaning when used in this Supplemental Indenture unless the definition of such term is amended or supplemented pursuant to this Supplemental
Indenture;

(b) the terms defined in this Article and
in this Supplemental Indenture include the plural as well as the singular; and

(c) unless otherwise stated, a reference to
a Section or Article is to a Section or Article of this Supplemental Indenture.

ARTICLE 2

EFFECT OF MERGER ON CONVERSION

Section 2.01. Conversion Right. In
accordance with and subject to Section 5.08 of the Indenture, from and after the effective time of the Merger, (a) a Reference Property
Unit under the Indenture will be comprised of an amount in cash equal to $22.50; (b) the Conversion Consideration due upon conversion
of any Note, and the conditions to any such conversion, will be determined in the same manner as if each reference to any number of shares
of Common Stock in Article 5 of the Indenture (or in any related definitions) were instead a reference to the same number of Reference
Property Units; (c) for purposes of Section 4.03 of the Indenture, each reference to any number of shares of Common Stock in such Section
(or in any related definitions) will instead be deemed to be a reference to the same number of Reference Property Units; (d) all conversions
whose Conversion Date occurs on or after the effective date of the Merger will be settled entirely in cash in an amount, per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes being converted, equal to the product of (x) the Conversion Rate in effect on such Conversion Date (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, any increase to such Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 5.07 of the Indenture, if applicable) and (y) $22.50, and
the Company shall settle each such conversion no later than the tenth (10th) Business Day after the relevant Conversion Date; (e) no further
adjustments to the Conversion Rate will be made pursuant to Section 5.05(A) of the Indenture; and (f) the Daily VWAP and Last Reported
Sale Price of a Reference Property Unit shall be $22.50.

ARTICLE 3

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 3.01. Ratification of Indenture.
The Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture
shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided.

-3-

Section 3.02. Trustee Not Responsible for
Recitals. The recitals herein contained are made by the Company and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility
for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. All
of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights, privileges, immunities, powers, and duties of the Trustee shall
be applicable in respect of this Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though set forth in full herein.

Section 3.03 Successors. All
agreements of the Company and the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture will bind their respective successors.

Section 3.04. Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 3.05. Headings, Etc. The titles
and headings of the articles and sections of this Supplemental Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not
to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 3.06. Execution in Counterparts.
This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall
together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile
or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may
be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or
PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. This Supplemental Indenture (and any document executed in connection
with this Supplemental Indenture) shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized
individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law,
including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code/UCC (collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an original
manual signature; or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied
manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature.
Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied
manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity
or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings
when required under the Uniform Commercial Code/UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings.

Section 3.07. Severability. In the event
any provision of this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity,
legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

Section 3.08. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH
OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT

-4-

OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

Section 3.09. Effectiveness. This Supplemental
Indenture shall become effective upon, without further action by the parties hereto, the occurrence of the effective time of the Merger
under the Merger Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

-5-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP, INC.

By: /s/ W. Joseph Payne 

Name: W. Joseph Payne

Title: Chief Legal Officer & Secretary

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Robert P. Pavlovic 

Name: Robert P. Pavlovic

Title: Vice President

SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dp227549_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Stonepeak Completes Acquisition of ATSG

WILMINGTON, Ohio April 11, 2024 Air Transport
Services Group, Inc. (ATSG), a global leader in medium widebody freighter aircraft leasing, air transport operations, and
support services, today announced the completion of its acquisition by Stonepeak, a leading alternative investment firm specializing in
infrastructure and real assets, in an all-cash transaction with an enterprise valuation of approximately $3.1 billion.

Today marks an important milestone in ATSGs journey,
said Mike Berger, Chief Executive Officer of ATSG. As a private company and with Stonepeaks support, as a leading
investor in transportation, logistics, and asset leasing businesses we are well-positioned to enhance our capabilities and sustain
ATSGs long term growth. I look forward to focusing on delivering value for our employees, customers, partners, communities, and
other stakeholders. Our employees continue to demonstrate they are the best in the business across all ATSG companies. That, very simply,
is what separates us from the rest.

ATSG has proven itself to be a leader in global aircraft leasing,
with significant scale, strong customer relationships, and an incredibly talented team across all of its businesses, said James
Wyper, Senior Managing Director, Head of Transportation & Logistics, and Head of U.S. Private Equity at Stonepeak. We look
forward to partnering with Mike and the rest of the team to support ATSG in its next chapter as a private company.

The transaction was announced on November 4, 2024, and received approval
of ATSGs stockholders on February 10, 2025. In accordance with the definitive merger agreement, holders of ATSGs common
shares will receive $22.50 per share in cash. With the completion of the acquisition, ATSGs common shares have ceased trading and
will no longer be listed on NASDAQ.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor to
ATSG. Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, Vorys, Sater, Seymour & Pease LLP and Silverberg Goldman LLP acted as legal counsel to ATSG.
Evercore acted as financial advisor to Stonepeak. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Hogan Lovells US LLP acted as legal counsel to
Stonepeak.

About Air Transport Services Group

Air Transport Services Group (ATSG) is a premier provider of aircraft
leasing and cargo and passenger air transportation solutions for both domestic and international air carriers, as well as companies seeking
outsourced airlift services. ATSG is the global leader in freighter aircraft leasing with a fleet that includes Boeing 767, Airbus A321,
and Airbus A330 converted freighters. ATSG's unique Lease+Plus aircraft leasing opportunity draws upon a diverse portfolio of subsidiaries
including three airlines holding separate and distinct U.S. FAA Part 121 Air Carrier certificates to provide air cargo lift, and passenger
ACMI and charter services. Complementary services from ATSG's other subsidiaries allow the integration of aircraft maintenance, airport
ground services, and material handling equipment engineering and service. ATSG subsidiaries comprise ABX Air, Inc.; Airborne Global Solutions,
Inc.; Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services, Inc., including its subsidiary, Pemco World Air Services, Inc.; Air Transport International,
Inc.; Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc.; LGSTX Services, Inc.; and Omni Air International, LLC. For further details, please visit www.atsginc.com.

About Stonepeak

Stonepeak is a leading alternative investment firm specializing in infrastructure
and real assets with approximately $72 billion of assets under management. Through its investment in defensive, hard-asset businesses
globally, Stonepeak aims to create value for its investors and portfolio companies, with a focus on downside protection and strong risk-adjusted
returns. Stonepeak, as sponsor of private equity and credit investment vehicles, provides capital, operational support, and committed
partnership to grow investments in its target sectors, which include digital infrastructure, energy and energy transition, transport and
logistics, and real estate. Stonepeak is headquartered in New York with offices in Houston, Washington, D.C., London, Hong Kong, Seoul,
Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo, and Abu Dhabi. For more information, please visit www.stonepeak.com.

Contact:

ATSG

Quint O. Turner

Chief Financial Officer

Air Transport Services Group, Inc.

(937) 366-2303

Stonepeak

Kate Beers / Maya Brounstein

Corporate Communications

corporatecomms@stonepeak.com

(212) 907-5100
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dp227549_ex9902.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Air Transport Services
Group, Inc. Provides Notice of Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change to Holders of its 3.875% Convertible Senior Notes
due 2029

WILMINGTON, Ohio April 11, 2025 
Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATSG) (ATSG or the Company), a global leader in medium widebody
freighter aircraft leasing, air transport operations, and support services, today provided notice (the Notice) to holders
of its 3.875% convertible senior notes due 2029 (the Notes) (CUSIP: 00922RAD7), pursuant to the terms of the Indenture,
dated as of August 14, 2023 (the Indenture) by and between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association,
as trustee, governing the Notes that, in connection with the closing of the previously announced acquisition by Stonepeak, a leading alternative
investment firm specializing in infrastructure and real assets, of ATSG, a Fundamental Change and a Make-Whole Fundamental
Change (each as defined under the Indenture) occurred under the Indenture on April 11, 2025, which is the effective date of such
Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change.

In connection with such Fundamental Change,
each holder of Notes shall have the option (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right) to require the Company to repurchase
for cash all or any portion of such holders Notes that is equal to $1,000, or an integral multiple of $1,000, on May 9, 2025 (the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date). The Company will repurchase such Notes at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon from February 15, 2025 to, but excluding May 9, 2025. The amount payable on the
Notes, including accrued interest, will be $1,009.04 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes validly surrendered for repurchase, and not
validly withdrawn.

In order to exercise the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Right, a holder must surrender its Notes for repurchase and comply with the rules and procedures of The Depository Trust
Company (the Depositary) on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on May 8, 2025, which is the business day immediately
preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Expiration Time), as further described in the Notice.
In order to withdraw any Notes that have been previously surrendered for repurchase, the holder must submit a written notice of withdrawal
with respect to such Notes to the paying agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, at any time prior to the Fundamental Change
Expiration Time and comply with appropriate procedures of the Depositary, as further described in the Notice.

As an alternative to requiring the Company
to repurchase a holders Notes, the Notes may be surrendered for conversion, as further described in the Notice. The conversion
rate in effect immediately prior to the Make-Whole Fundamental Change is 31.2864 shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Indenture)
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (the Base Conversion Rate). Additional shares will be added to the Base Conversion
Rate for Notes that are converted during the period from and including April 11, 2025 up to, and including, 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on May 8, 2025 (the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period). Notes that are surrendered for conversion during
the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $1,001.53 per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes, based on a make-whole conversion rate equal to 44.5124 shares per $1,000 principal amount of Notes converted
(determined by adding (i) the Base Conversion Rate plus (ii) additional shares of 13.2260) multiplied by $22.50 per share
(the per share merger consideration payable to shareholders in connection with Stonepeaks acquisition of ATSG). Upon the expiration
of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Conversion Period, the conversion rate will automatically, without further notice, return to the
Base Conversion Rate.

Any interest in the Notes surrendered by a
beneficial owner pursuant to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right may be converted only if the beneficial owner withdraws the surrender
of the interest in the Notes pursuant to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Right in accordance with the Indenture.

The Paying Agent and Conversion Agent is:
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, and its address and telephone number are as follows: U.S. Bank, Attn: Global Corporate
Trust, 111 Fillmore Avenue E, St. Paul MN 55107, (800) 934-6802. 

Holders of Notes should
carefully read the Notice, which includes additional information regarding the rights of holders to require the Company to repurchase
their Notes in connection with the Fundamental Change as well as information regarding their conversion rights in connection with the
Make-Whole Fundamental Change, as the Notice contains important information as to the procedures and timing for the exercise of such rights.

This press release is for
informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell the Notes. The Fundamental
Change offer is being made only pursuant to the Notice.

About Air Transport Services Group

Air Transport Services Group (ATSG) is a premier
provider of aircraft leasing and cargo and passenger air transportation solutions for both domestic and international air carriers, as
well as companies seeking outsourced airlift services. ATSG is the global leader in freighter aircraft leasing with a fleet that includes
Boeing 767, Airbus A321, and soon, Airbus A330 converted freighters. ATSGs unique Lease+Plus aircraft leasing opportunity draws
upon a diverse portfolio of subsidiaries including three airlines holding separate and distinct U.S. FAA Part 121 Air Carrier certificates
to provide air cargo lift, and passenger ACMI and charter services. Complementary services from ATSGs other subsidiaries allow
the integration of aircraft maintenance, airport ground services, and material handling equipment engineering and service. ATSG subsidiaries
comprise ABX Air, Inc.; Airborne Global Solutions, Inc.; Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services, Inc., including its subsidiary,
Pemco World Air Services, Inc.; Air Transport International, Inc.; Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc.; LGSTX Services, Inc.; and Omni Air
International, LLC. For further details, please visit www.atsginc.com.

Contact:

ATSG

Quint O. Turner, Chief Financial Officer

Air Transport Services Group, Inc.

(937) 366-2303
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 11, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 000-50368

Entity Registrant Name Air Transport Services Group, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000894081

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1631624

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 145 Hunter Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Wilmington

Entity Address, State or Province OH

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 45177

City Area Code 937

Local Phone Number 382-5591

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol ATSG

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://atsginc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

atsg-20250411.xsd 
atsg-20250411_lab.xml 
atsg-20250411_pre.xml 
dp227549_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-004720-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>dp227549_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000894081 

2025-04-11 
2025-04-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0000894081 
8-K 
2025-04-11 
Air Transport Services Group, Inc. 
DE 
000-50368 
26-1631624 
145 Hunter Drive 
Wilmington 
OH 
45177 
937 
382-5591 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
ATSG 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>