<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950157-25-000018.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0000950157-25-000018.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103165711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950157-25-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250103
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Revelyst, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001943705
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				883763984
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41793
		FILM NUMBER:		25507423

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		177 GARDEN DR.
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59718
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(763) 433-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		177 GARDEN DR.
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59718

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Outdoor Products Spinco Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220823
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false03-31001-417930001943705RI00019437052025-01-032025-01-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 3, 2025

Revelyst, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

1-41793

88-3763984

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

P.O. Box 1411

Providence

RI

02901

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (763) 634-8945

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to
Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12

Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant
to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.01

GEAR

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introductory Note.

As previously announced, on October 4, 2024, Revelyst, Inc. (Revelyst or the Company) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement) with Vista Outdoor Inc., Olibre LLC (SVP Parent) and Cabin Ridge Inc., a wholly owned direct subsidiary of SVP Parent (SVP Merger Sub), providing for, on the terms and conditions set forth therein and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, the merger of SVP Merger Sub with and into Revelyst with Revelyst surviving the
merger as a wholly owned direct subsidiary of SVP Parent (the Merger).

Capitalized terms used herein, but not otherwise defined, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement.

On January 3, 2025 (the Closing Date), the Merger was consummated and Revelyst is now a wholly owned subsidiary of funds managed by Strategic Value Partners, LLC and its affiliates.

Item 1.01Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

New Credit Agreements

Concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, Olibre Borrower LLC (the Borrower) entered into (i) that certain Credit Agreement among Olibre Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Holdings), the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Fortress Credit Corp., as administrative agent and collateral agent (the Term

Loan Credit Agreement) and (ii) that certain ABL Credit Agreement, among Holdings, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (the ABL Credit Agreement, together with the Term Loan Credit Agreement, the New Credit Agreements). The New Credit Agreements provide for extensions of credit in the form of (i) an initial term loan to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of $450,000,000 and (ii) asset-based revolving
loans made available to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate principal amount not in excess of $200,000,000.

The obligations under the New Credit Agreements are secured by substantially all assets of Holdings, the Borrower and subsidiary guarantors, including
Revelyst (subject to certain exclusions and exceptions). The New Credit Agreements include representations and warranties, covenants, events of default and other provisions that are customary for facilities of their respective types.

Item 2.01Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On the Closing Date, pursuant to and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, SVP Merger Sub merged with and into Revelyst, with Revelyst surviving the
Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVP Parent. At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock,
par value $0.01 of Revelyst (Revelyst Common Stock) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any such
shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) was converted into the right to receive an amount (the Merger
Consideration) equal to (a) the sum of (x) $1,125,000,000 plus (y) the Cash Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Merger Agreement) plus (z) the Aggregate Option Exercise Price (as defined in the Merger Agreement) divided

by (b) the sum of (x) number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) plus (y) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying each Revelyst equity award entitled to receive the Merger Consideration as of immediately prior to
the effective time of the Revelyst Merger. The Merger Consideration is equal to $20.12 per share of Revelyst Common Stock.

In addition, at the Effective Time, each Revelyst equity award that was outstanding as of the Effective Time was treated as follows: (1) each restricted
stock unit that was subject solely to time-based vesting conditions (a Revelyst RSU) vested and was cancelled in exchange for a lump sum
cash payment equal to the product of (A) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying such Revelyst RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time and (B) the Merger Consideration; (2) other than a Specified PSU (as defined below), each
performance stock unit (a Revelyst PSU) vested and was cancelled in exchange for a lump sum cash payment equal to the product of (A) the
number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying such Revelyst PSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming achievement of the applicable performance goals at specified levels) and (B) the Merger Consideration; (3) each option to
purchase Revelyst Common Stock (a Revelyst Option), whether vested or unvested, was cancelled in exchange for a lump sum cash payment equal
to the difference between the Merger Consideration and the exercise price per share of the Revelyst Option; and (4) each deferred stock unit, whether vested or unvested, was cancelled in exchange for a lump sum cash payment equal to the Merger
Consideration. Certain Revelyst PSUs (each, a Specified PSU) were also converted into restricted cash awards, subject to the same terms and
conditions as the corresponding Revelyst PSU, including vesting terms (including performance-based vesting terms).

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement contained in this Item 2.01 does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Merger Agreement was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Revelyst with the SEC on October 7, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 2.01.

Item 3.01Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

In connection with the consummation of the Merger, Revelyst requested that The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) suspend trading of Revelyst Common Stock and file with the SEC an application on Form 25 to delist and deregister Revelyst Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The delisting of Revelyst Common Stock from NYSE will be effective 10 days after the
filing of the Form 25. Following the effectiveness of such Form 25, Revelyst intends to file with the SEC a certification on Form 15 requesting that Revelyst s reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act be suspended.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.01.

Item 3.03Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this report is incorporated by reference in this
Item 3.03.

Item 5.01Changes in Control of Registrant.

As a result of the consummation of the Merger, a change of control of Revelyst occurred on the Closing Date and Revelyst became a wholly owned subsidiary
of SVP Parent.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note, Item 2.01 and Item 5.02 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.01.

Item 5.02Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each of the directors and officers of
Revelyst resigned as directors and officers of Revelyst and at the Effective Time, Mr. Eric Nyman, Mr. Andrew Keegan and Ms. Jung Choi, each being the directors
of SVP Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, became directors of Revelyst as the Surviving Corporation, and Mr. Eric Nyman, Mr. Andrew Keegan, Ms.
Jung Choi and Ms. Joyce Butler, each being the officers of SVP Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, became officers of Revelyst as the Surviving
Corporation.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02.

Item 5.03Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of Revelyst was amended and restated in its
entirety and the bylaws of Revelyst were amended and restated in their entirety. A copy of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Revelyst is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Revelyst is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

On the Closing Date, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the fiscal year end of Revelyst was changed from March 31 to December 31, such
that Revelysts most recent fiscal year ended on December 31, 2024. Revelyst does not expect to file a report covering the transition period.

The information set forth in the Introductory Note and Item 2.01 of this report is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.03.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On the Closing Date, Revelyst issued a press release announcing the Closing. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is
incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 4, 2024, by
and among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., Olibre LLC and Cabin Ridge Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Revelysts Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2024)

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
Revelyst, Inc.

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Revelyst, Inc.

99.1 

Press Release, dated January 3, 2025

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

REVELYST, INC.

Date: January 3, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jung Choi 

Name: 

Jung Choi 

Title: 

General Counsel & Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

REVELYST, INC.

(a Delaware corporation)

FIRST: The name of the Corporation is Revelyst, Inc.

SECOND: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of
Delaware is to be located in the County of New Castle at 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808, United States. The name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is the Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The purpose or purposes of the Corporation shall be to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as it now exists or may hereafter be amended and supplemented from time to time (the DGCL).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation is authorized
to issue is 5,000 shares of capital stock, all of which shall be common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share the (the Common Stock). Each holder of record of Common
Stock shall be entitled to vote at all meetings of the stockholders and shall have one vote for each share held by such holder of record.

FIFTH: Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board). 

Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Bylaws) shall
so require.

SIXTH: From time to time, any of the provisions of this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered or repealed, and other provisions authorized by the DGCL or other statutes or laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted in the manner and at the time prescribed by
said laws, and all rights at any time conferred upon the stockholders of the Corporation by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation are granted subject to this reservation.

SEVENTH: In furtherance and not in limitation of the rights, powers, privileges
and discretionary authority granted or conferred by the DGCL or other statutes or laws of the State of Delaware, the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws, without any action on the part of the stockholders, but the
stockholders may make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise.

1

EIGHTH: No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the
Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good
faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, as the same exists or hereafter may be amended, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit. If the DGCL is amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation, in addition to the limitation on personal liability provided herein, shall be limited
to the fullest extent permitted by the amended DGCL. Any repeal or modification of this Article EIGHTH by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a
director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.

NINTH: To the fullest extent that the DGCL or any other law of the State of
Delaware as it exists or as it may hereafter be amended permits the limitation or elimination of the liability of directors or officers, no director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, as applicable. To the fullest extent permitted by law, for purposes of this Article NINTH, fiduciary duty as a director or officer shall include, without limitation, any fiduciary duty
arising from serving at the Corporations request as a director of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee benefit plan or other legal entity or enterprise.

To the fullest extent that the DGCL or any other law of the State of Delaware as it exists or as it may hereafter be amended permits, the Corporation may provide
indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to) its current and former directors, officers and agents (and any other persons to which the DGCL permits the Corporation to provide indemnification) through bylaw provisions, agreements with such
agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

No amendment to or repeal of any provision of this Article NINTH, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
inconsistent with this Article NINTH, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article NINTH in respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent
provision.

2

TENTH: Neither any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and
any other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, firm, association, or other entity (an Entity), nor any other acts of the Corporation with
relation to any other Entity will, in the absence of fraud, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in any way be invalidated or otherwise affected by the fact that any one or more of the directors or officers of the Corporation are
pecuniary or otherwise interested in, or are directors, officers, partners, or members of, such other Entity (such directors, officers, and Entities, each a Related Person).

Any Related Person may be a party to, or may be pecuniary or otherwise interested in, any contract or transaction of the Corporation; provided, however, that the fact that person is a Related Person or is pecuniary or otherwise interested in such
contract or transaction is disclosed or is known to the Board or a majority of directors present at any meeting of the Board at which action upon any such contract or transaction is taken. Any director of the Corporation who is also a Related Person
or who is pecuniary or otherwise interested in such contract or transaction may be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the Board during which any such contract or transaction is authorized and may vote thereat to
authorize any such contract or transaction, with like force and effect as if such person were not a Related Person or were not pecuniary or otherwise interested in such contract or transaction. Any director of the Corporation may vote upon any
contract or any other transaction between the Corporation and any subsidiary or affiliated Entity without regard to the fact that such person is also a director, officer, manager, general partner or other fiduciary of such subsidiary or affiliated
Entity.

Any contract, transaction or act of the Corporation or of the directors of the Corporation that is ratified at any annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation,
or at any special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation called for such purpose, will, insofar as permitted by applicable law, be as valid and as binding as though ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation; provided, however, that any
failure of the stockholders to approve or ratify any such contract, transaction or act, when and if submitted, will not be deemed in any way to invalidate the same or deprive the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees, of its or their
right to proceed with such contract, transaction or act.

Subject to any express agreement that may from time to time be in effect, (x) any director or officer of the Corporation who is also an officer, director, partner,
employee, managing director or other affiliate of Strategic Value Partners, LLC (SVP), or any of its respective affiliates (collectively, the Managers) and (y) the Managers and their respective affiliates, may, and shall have no duty not to, in each case on behalf of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates (the persons and
entities in clauses (x) and (y), each a Covered Manager Person), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (i) carry on and conduct, whether directly, or as a
partner in any partnership, or as a member or manager in any limited liability company or as a joint venturer in any joint venture, or as an officer, director or stockholder of any corporation, or as a participant in any syndicate, pool, trust or
association, any business of any kind, nature or description, whether or not such business is competitive with or in the same or similar lines of business as the Corporation, (ii) do business with any client, customer, vendor or lessor of any of the
Corporation or its affiliates, and (iii) make investments in any kind of property in which the Corporation may make investments. To the fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or
expectancy of the Corporation to participate in any business of the Managers or their respective affiliates, and waives any claim against a Covered Manager Person and shall indemnify a Covered Manager Person against any claim that such Covered
Manager Person is liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of such persons or entitys participation in any such business.

3

In the event that a Covered Manager Person acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or matter which may constitute a corporate opportunity for both (x) the Covered
Manager Person, in his or her SVP-related capacity, or any of SVP, or its respective affiliates, as applicable, and (y) the Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Covered Manager Person shall not have any duty to offer or
communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation. To the fullest extent permitted by Section 122(17) of the DGCL, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in such corporate
opportunity and waives any claim against each Covered Manager Person and shall indemnify a Covered Manager Person against any claim that such Covered Manager Person is liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty
solely by reason of the fact that such Covered Manager Person (i) pursues or acquires any corporate opportunity for its own account or the account of any affiliate, (ii) directs, recommends, sells, assigns or otherwise transfers such corporate
opportunity to another person or (iii) does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Corporation.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to
have consented to the provisions of this Article TENTH.

This Article TENTH may not be amended, modified or repealed without the prior written consent of each of the Managers.

In the event of a conflict between this Article TENTH and any other Article or provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, this Article TENTH
shall prevail under all circumstances. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, under no circumstances shall any employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries be deemed to be a Covered Manager Person, and under no circumstances
shall the Corporation waive or renounce any interest or expectancy of the Corporation in, or in being offered any opportunity to participate in, any business opportunities that are presented to any Manager who is also an employee of the Corporation
or any of its subsidiaries, irrespective of whether such employee is a director or officer of the Corporation of any of its affiliates.

ELEVENTH: Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of
and consented to the provisions of this Article ELEVENTH.

TWELFTH: The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of
the DGCL.

4

THIRTEENTH: Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Bylaws may provide. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing,
setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding Common Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Common Stock
entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and shall be delivered to the Corporation. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) within or outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places
as may be designated from time to time by the Board or in the Bylaws.

[Remainder of the page intentionally left blank.]

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

REVELYST, INC.

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1.01Registered Office. The address of the registered office of Revelyst, Inc. (hereinafter the Corporation) in the State of Delaware,
and the name of its registered agent at such address, shall be as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as the same may be further amended and/or restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation).

Section 1.02Other Offices. The Corporation may have a principal or other office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time
determine or as shall be necessary or appropriate for the conduct of the business of the Corporation.

ARTICLE II

STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.01Place of Meetings. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation or at such other place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated by the Board
of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.

Section 2.02Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and a time designated by the Board of Directors. At each annual meeting directors shall be elected and any other proper
business may be transacted.

Section 2.03Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, may be called by the President or the Chief
Executive Officer and shall be called by the President or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in amount of the entire capital stock of the
Corporation issued and outstanding, and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 2.04Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, notice, stating the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any,
by which stockholders and proxyholders not physically present may be deemed to be present and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten
(10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with
postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records books of the Corporation.

Section 2.05Quorum; Adjournment of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote at the
meeting, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. The chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time, whether or not there is such a quorum. No notice of an adjourned meeting
need be given except as required by law. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present
may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

Section 2.06Required Vote. At all meetings of the stockholders at which directors are to be elected, a plurality of the votes cast by stockholders entitled to vote for the election of such directors shall be sufficient to
elect such directors. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or
its stockholders, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of
the stockholders.

Section 2.07Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder
by proxy in any manner provided by applicable law, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. All proxies must be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation at the
beginning of each meeting in order to be counted in any vote at the meeting.

Section 2.08Action Without a Meeting. Unless prohibited by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action permitted or required to be taken at a meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by or on behalf of the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or
take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law. Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by
less than a unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such
meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of the holders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation.

2

Section 2.09Maintenance and Inspection of Stockholder List. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete
list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination
of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in
the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder
who is present.

ARTICLE III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.01General Powers. Except as otherwise provided in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or the Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under
the direction of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.02Number of Directors. The total number of directors shall be as determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be elected at
the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 3.03 of these Bylaws, and each director shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and
qualified; provided, however, that unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of
Incorporation or otherwise by law, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, either with or without cause, by the stockholders entitled to vote.

Section 3.03Vacancies on Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy resulting from the death, resignation, removal or disqualification of any director or other cause,
or any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or a sole remaining director. Each director so
appointed shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor has been duly elected qualified, subject, however, to such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, removal or disqualification.

Section 3.04Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors may hold its meetings at such place or places, if any, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

Section 3.05Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of
Directors.

3

Section 3.06Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, if any, the President, the Chief Executive Officer or by a majority of the directors.

Section 3.07Telephonic Participation. All or any one or more directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by
means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time, and participation in a meeting pursuant to such communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

Section 3.08Quorum; Required Vote. Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the total number of directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business at any meeting of the Board of Directors; provided, that in no event shall a quorum be less than one-third of the total number of directors if there were no
vacancies. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.09Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be
taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmissions or transmissions are
filed with the minutes or proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.

Section 3.10Resignation. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission thereof to the Corporation. The resignation of any director shall be effective when
the resignation is delivered, unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective.

Section 3.11Committees of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each such committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one
or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any
meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such
committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize
the seal of the Corporation (if any) to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action (other than the
election or removal of directors) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to the stockholders or adopting, amending of repealing the Bylaws. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of
Directors when required.

4

Section 3.12Fees and Compensation. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation, including fees, reimbursement of expenses and equity compensation, of directors for services to the Corporation in
any capacity, including for attendance of meetings of the Board of Directors or participation on any committees. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 4.01Officers. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and may include a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer or a President, or both, a Chief Financial Officer,
and a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board, if any, shall be chosen from among the directors. All officers elected by the Board of Directors shall each have such powers and duties as
generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article IV. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time
to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof. In addition, the Board of Directors or any duly appointed committee thereof may from time to time elect such other officers (including one or more Vice Presidents,
Assistant Secretaries, Treasurers and Controllers) and such agents, as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Such other officers and agents shall
have such duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be provided in these Bylaws or as may be prescribed by the Board or such committee, as the case may be.

Section 4.02Term of Office. Each principal officer of the Corporation shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and shall qualify, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement,
removal or disqualification.

Section 4.03Removal. Any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by the Board of Directors. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue
of such election beyond the date of the election of his or her successor or his or her earlier death, resignation, removal or disqualification, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract.

Section 4.04Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission thereof to the Corporation. The resignation of any officer shall be effective when the resignation is
delivered, unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make
it effective.

5

Section 4.05Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for appointment to such office.

Section 4.06Powers and Duties. Subject to the control of the Board of Directors, the officers shall each have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the Corporation as from time to time may be
prescribed by the Board of Directors or duly appointed committee thereof:

(a)Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and he or she shall have and perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or
her by the Board of Directors.

(b)Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the
Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence of a Chairman of the Board, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. Unless there shall have been elected one or more Presidents of
the Corporation, the Chief Executive Officer shall be the President of the Corporation.

(c)President. Each President shall have such general powers and duties of supervision and management as shall be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors.

(d)Vice Presidents. Each Vice President, if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors.

(e)Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the
Corporation. He or she shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He or she shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may
be ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer or a President, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. He or she shall render to the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, each President
and the Board of Directors at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request it, an account of all his or her transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by
the Board of Directors, he or she shall give the Corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such amount and with such surety as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. The Chief Executive Officer may direct the Treasurer
to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and the Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to his or her office and shall also perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.

(f)Secretary. The Secretary, if present, shall act as secretary at all meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof and of the stockholders and keep the minutes thereof in a book or books to be
provided for that purpose. He or she shall see that all notices required to be given by the Corporation are duly given and served; he or she shall have charge of the stock records of the Corporation; he or she shall see that all reports,
statements and other documents required by law are properly kept and filed; and in general, he or she shall perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the
Board of Directors.

6

ARTICLE V

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 5.01Certificates. At the option of the Board of Directors, the stock of the Corporation may be (i) uncertificated, evidenced by entries into the corporation's stock ledger or other appropriate corporate books and
records, as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time, or (ii) evidenced by a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by any two authorized officers, certifying the number of shares represented by the certificate
owned by such stockholder in the Corporation.

Section 5.02Transfers of Stock. The shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these Bylaws. In the case of certificated shares of stock, transfers shall be made on
the books of the Corporation only by the holder thereof or by such holders attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender for cancellation of certificate(s) for at least the same number of shares, with an assignment and power of transfer
endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its agents may reasonably require. In the case of uncertificated shares of stock, transfers shall be made on the books
of the Corporation only upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of the shares or by such persons attorney duly authorized in writing, and upon compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in
uncertificated form. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from
and to whom transferred.

Section 5.03Record Owners. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders of the Corporation and the Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its
stock ledger as the owner of shares to receive dividends, to vote and to receive notice, and otherwise to exercise all of the rights and powers of an owner of such shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or
interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.

Section 5.04Transfer and Registry Agents. The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to
time by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.05Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Certificates. As a condition to the issue of a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued and alleged to have been
lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Corporation may require the owner of any such certificate, or such owners legal representatives, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and in such form as it may direct or to otherwise indemnify the
Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.

7

Section 5.06Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any
dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date
which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting
of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record date which shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

Section 6.01Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 6.04 of this Article VI, the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
the DGCL and Delaware law as in effect at any time (but, in the case of any amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights), indemnify any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or investigative in nature (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason
of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of
another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee benefit plan or other legal entity or enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate of such
person), against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, damages, liabilities, losses, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually incurred or paid by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding to the
fullest extent permitted by law. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or

its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such persons conduct was unlawful.

8

Section 6.02Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. Subject to Section 6.04 of this Article VI, the Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and
Delaware law as in effect at any time (but, in the case of any amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights), indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or officer of the Corporation,
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee
benefit plan or other legal entity or enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate of such person), against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense
or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any
claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

Section 6.03Indemnification of Employees and Agents. To the extent not prohibited by the DGCL and Delaware law, the Corporation may provide rights to indemnification to any person who is or was an employee or agent of the
Corporation to the extent and upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Board deems appropriate.

Section 6.04Authorization of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VI (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that
indemnification of the person seeking indemnification is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 6.01 or 6.02 of this Article VI, as the case may be. Such determination shall
be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee
of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the
Stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former
director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding set forth in Section 6.01 or 6.02 of this Article VI or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person
shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.

9

Section 6.05Good Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under this Article VI, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe such persons conduct was unlawful, if such persons action is based on good faith reliance on the records or books
of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another
enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another
enterprise. The term another enterprise as used in this Article VI shall mean any other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee benefit plan or other legal entity
or enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent. The provisions of this Section 6.05 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the
circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Article VI.

Section 6.06Indemnification by a Court. Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 6.04 of this Article VI, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any present or
former director or officer or other indemnitee may apply to the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 6.01 or 6.02 of this Article VI, as the case may be. The basis of such
indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of such director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Section 6.01 or 6.02 of
this Article VI, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 6.04 of this Article VI nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application. Notice of any application for
indemnification pursuant to this Section 6.06 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, such director or officer seeking indemnification under this Section 6.06 shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting such application.

Section 6.07Expenses Payable in Advance. Expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by a current or former director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding
shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such
person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI. Such expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by employees and agents of the Corporation or by persons serving at the request of the Corporation as
directors, officers, employees and agents of another enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate of such person) may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Board deems appropriate.

10

Section 6.08Appearance as a Witness. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VI, to the extent any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation has served or prepared to serve as a witness in any
action, suit or proceeding (whether civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or investigative in nature), including any investigation by any legislative body or any regulatory or self-regulatory body by which the Corporations business is
regulated, by reason of his or her service as a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner, member or
agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee benefit plan or other legal entity or enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate
of such person), but excluding service as a witness in an action or suit commenced by such person or to which such person is named a party (unless such expenses were incurred with the approval of the Board or a committee thereof), the Corporation
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify such person against out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith; provided that the Corporation shall have no obligation under this Article VI to compensate such person for his or her time or efforts so expended.

Section 6.09Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this Article VI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate, any agreement, vote of Stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to
action in another capacity while holding such office. The provisions of this Article VI shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 6.01 or 6.02 of this Article VI but whom the Corporation has
the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL or otherwise. The Corporations obligation, if any, to indemnify any person that was or is serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner,
member or agent of another enterprise (including the heirs, executors, administrators or estate of such person) shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification from such other corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee benefit plan or other legal entity or enterprise, as applicable.

Section 6.10Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of another enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such persons status as such,
whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.

Section 6.11Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Article VI, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a
constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents so that any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, trust, foundation, association, organization, employee benefit plan or other legal entity or enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as
such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. For purposes of this Article VI, references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee
benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or
agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee
benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation as referred to in this Article VI.

11

Section 6.12Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or
ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation or a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of another enterprise and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of such a person.

Section 6.13Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VI to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification under this Article VI (which shall be governed by
Section 6.06), the Corporation shall not be obligated under this Article VI to indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or any director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of another enterprise in connection
with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board.

Section 6.14Contract Rights. The obligations of the Corporation under this Article VI to indemnify a person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or a director, officer, employee, partner, member or agent of
another enterprise, including any duty to advance expenses, shall be considered a contract between the Corporation and such person, and no modification or repeal of any provision of this Article VI shall affect, to the detriment of such person,
such obligations of the Corporation in connection with a claim based on any act or failure to act occurring before such modification or repeal.

ARTICLE VII

AMENDMENTS

Section 7.01Amendments by Stockholders. These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed and new Bylaws may be added by the stockholders.

Section 7.02Amendments by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation.

ARTICLE VIII

DEFINITIONS

Section 8.01Definitions. Terms used in these Bylaws and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Certificate of Incorporation.

12

ARTICLE IX

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 9.01Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 9.02Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting,
pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation

Section 9.03Payment of Dividends; Directors Duties. Before payment of any dividend there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to
time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive
to the interests of the Corporation, and the Board of Directors may abolish any such reserve.

Section 9.04Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver,
signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the event for which notice was so required, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such
notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the stockholders or the Board of Directors or committee thereof need be specified in
any waiver of notice of such meeting.

Section 9.05Contracts. Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any contracts or other instruments may be executed and delivered in the name and on the behalf of the Corporation
by such officer or officers of the Corporation as the Board of Directors may from time to time direct. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board of Directors may determine. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer, each President, the Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President may execute bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other instruments to be made or executed for or on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed
by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, each President, the Chief Financial Officer or any Vice President of the Corporation may delegate contractual powers to others under his or her jurisdiction, it
being understood, however, that any such delegation of power shall not relieve such officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of such delegated power

Section 9.06Actions with Respect to Securities of Other Entities. All stock and other securities of other entities owned or held by the Corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted (including
by written consent), and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person or persons authorized to do so by resolution of the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,
President, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Revelyst Announces Completion of Transaction with Strategic Value Partners

SVPs Acquisition of Revelyst is Expected to Accelerate Growth and Innovation Across Portfolio

PROVIDENCE, R.I., and GREENWICH, Conn. Revelyst, a collective of world-class maker brands that design and
manufacture performance gear and precision technologies, and Strategic Value Partners, LLC (together with its affiliates, SVP), a global alternative investment firm with approximately $19 billion of assets under management, today announced that
SVP-managed funds have completed their previously announced acquisition of Revelyst in an all-cash transaction based on an enterprise value of $1.125 billion (the SVP Transaction).

We are pleased to complete the transaction with SVP, which provides us with expanded resources to accelerate our GEAR Up transformation, advance our innovation efforts and grow our
iconic brands, said Revelyst CEO Eric Nyman. We look forward to working with SVP and continue delivering top-tier products to customers while further building our market-leading position in the outdoor recreation industry.

We are excited to partner with Eric and the rest of the Revelyst team to drive growth across the companys diverse, category-defining brands and capture the immense opportunities
ahead, said David Geenberg, Head of North American Corporate Investments at SVP. We are strong believers in the strength of the Revelyst portfolio, along with the significant work underway to enhance the companys platform and operations and drive
innovation for customers. We will apply our operating resources and network to help unlock the full potential of Revelyst and propel it to new heights.

Under the terms of the merger agreement for the SVP Transaction, Revelyst stockholders will receive $20.12 in cash for each share of Revelyst common stock they hold. With the
completion of the SVP Transaction, Revelyst common stock has ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC acted as sole financial adviser to Revelyst, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP acted as legal adviser to Revelyst. Moelis & Company LLC acted as sole
financial adviser to the independent directors of Revelyst, and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP acted as legal adviser to the independent directors of Revelyst.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC acted as sole financial adviser to SVP, and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP provided legal counsel. Houlihan Lokey assisted Revelyst and
SVP in arranging the financing.

About Revelyst

Revelyst is a collective of world-class maker brands that design and manufacture performance gear and precision technologies. Our category-defining brands leverage meticulous
craftsmanship and cross-collaboration to pursue new innovations that redefine what is humanly possible in the outdoors. Portfolio brands include Foresight Sports, Bushnell Golf, Fox, Bell, Giro, CamelBak, Bushnell, Simms Fishing and more. For more
information, visit our website at www.revelyst.com.

About SVP

SVP is a global alternative investment firm that focuses on special situations, private equity, opportunistic credit and financing opportunities. The firm uses a combination of
sourcing, financial and operational expertise to unlock value in its portfolio companies. Today SVP manages approximately $19 billion in assets under management, and since inception, has invested more than $50 billion of capital, including more than
$18 billion in Europe. The firm, established by Victor Khosla in 2001, has over 200 employees, including more than 100 investment professionals, across its main offices in Greenwich (CT) and London, and a presence in Tokyo. Learn more at www.svpglobal.com.

Forward Looking Statements

Some of the statements made and information contained in this press release, excluding historical information, are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss, among
other things: Revelyst Inc.s (Revelyst, we, us or our) plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; projections with respect to future revenues, income, earnings per share or other
financial measures for Revelyst; and the assumptions that underlie these matters. The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, aim, should and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. To the extent
that any such information is forward-looking, it is intended to fit within the safe harbor for forward-looking information provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in such forward-looking statements, including the
following: our ability to successfully implement the acquisition component of Revelysts strategic leverage strategy, particularly if Revelyst is unable to raise the capital necessary to finance acquisitions; supplier capacity constraints, supplier
production disruptions, supplier quality issues; the supply, availability and costs of raw materials and components; increases in commodity, energy, and production costs; seasonality and weather conditions; the impacts of climate change on our supply
chain, product costs and consumer behavior; reductions in or unexpected changes in or our inability to accurately forecast demand for ammunition, accessories, or other outdoor sports and recreation products; impairment related to our goodwill and
intangible assets could negatively impact our results of operations and parent company equity; disruption in the service or significant increase in the cost of our primary delivery and shipping services for our products and components or a
significant disruption at shipping ports; risks associated with diversification into new international and commercial markets, including regulatory compliance; our ability to take advantage of growth opportunities in international and commercial
markets; our ability to obtain and maintain licenses to third-party technology; our ability to attract and retain key personnel; disruptions caused by catastrophic events; risks associated with our sales to significant retailers and distributors,
including unexpected cancellations, delays, changes to purchase orders; insolvency or credit problems; our competitive environment; risk associated with retailer or distributor insolvency, credit problems or other financial difficulties; our ability
to adapt our products to changes in technology, the marketplace and customer preferences, including our ability to respond to shifting preferences of the end consumer from brick and mortar retail to online retail; our ability to expand our e-commerce
business; our ability to maintain and enhance brand recognition and reputation; others use of social media to disseminate negative commentary about us, our products, and boycotts; the outcome of contingencies, including with respect to litigation
and other proceedings relating to intellectual property, product liability, warranty liability, personal injury, and environmental remediation; our ability to comply with extensive federal, state and international laws, rules and regulations and any
changes thereto, including the expectations with respect to climate change and other Environmental, Social and Governance matters and the additional cost associated therewith; risks associated with cybersecurity and other industrial and physical
security threats; failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations; interest rate risk; changes in the current tariff structures; changes in tax rules or pronouncements; capital market volatility and the availability of
financing; foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; general economic and business conditions in the United States and our markets outside the United States, including as a result of the war in Ukraine and the imposition of
sanctions on Russia, the conflict in the Gaza strip, the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic, conditions affecting employment levels, consumer confidence and spending, conditions in the retail environment, and other economic conditions affecting
demand for our products and the financial health of our customers; and risks relating to the market for Revelyst common stock.

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements we make, which are based only on information currently available to us and speak only as of the date
hereof. A more detailed description of risk factors that may affect our operating results can be found in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2024, and in the filings we make with the SEC from time to
time. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as otherwise required by law.

Revelyst Contacts

Investor Contact:

Tyler Lindwall

Phone: 612-704-0147

Email: investor.relations@revelyst.com

Media Contact:

Eric Smith

Phone: 720-772-0877

Email: media.relations@revelyst.com

SVP Contact

Todd Fogarty

Kekst CNC

Phone: 917-992-1170

Email: todd.fogarty@kekstcnc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gear-20250103.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gear-20250103_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gear-20250103_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>image00001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 03, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-31

Entity File Number 001-41793

Entity Registrant Name Revelyst, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001943705

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-3763984

Entity Address, Address Line One P.O. Box 1411

Entity Address, City or Town Providence

Entity Address, State or Province RI

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02901

City Area Code 763

Local Phone Number 634-8945

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $.01

Trading Symbol GEAR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://revelyst.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
gear-20250103.xsd 
gear-20250103_lab.xml 
gear-20250103_pre.xml 

image00001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950157-25-000018-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001943705 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

false 
--03-31 
001-41793 
0001943705 
RI 
8-K 
2025-01-03 
Revelyst, Inc. 
DE 
88-3763984 
P.O. Box 1411 
Providence 
02901 
763 
634-8945 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $.01 
GEAR 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>