<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000070318-25-000003.txt : 20250124
<SEC-HEADER>0000070318-25-000003.hdr.sgml : 20250124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250124170018
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000070318-25-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TENET HEALTHCARE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000070318
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-GENERAL MEDICAL & SURGICAL HOSPITALS, NEC [8062]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				952557091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07293
		FILM NUMBER:		25554872

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 DALLAS PARKWAY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-893-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14201 DALLAS PARKWAY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75254

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES INC /NV/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>thc-20250123.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?thc-20250123

0000070318false00000703182025-01-232025-01-230000070318exch:XNYSus-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-01-232025-01-230000070318exch:XNYSus-gaap:SeniorNotesMember2025-01-232025-01-23

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_______________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

_______________

Date of Report: January 23, 2025

(Date of earliest event reported)

_______________

TENET HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 1-7293 95-2557091

(State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

14201 Dallas Parkway

Dallas, TX75254

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(469) 893-2200

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange 

on which registered

Common stock, $0.05 par value THC NYSE

6.875% Senior Notes due 2031 THC31 NYSE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

On January 23, 2025, (the Effective Date), Tenet Healthcare Corporation (the Company) entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Saumya Sutaria, M.D. (the Employment Agreement), which will govern his continued service as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Companys board of directors (the Board).

The Employment Agreement provides for an initial term commencing on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2028, with automatic extensions for successive one-year terms upon the expiration of the then-current term unless either party provides not less than 180 days notice of his or their intention not to renew (the Term), subject to earlier termination in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. During the Term, Dr. Sutaria will report directly to the Board. The Employment Agreement further provides that Dr. Sutaria will be paid an annualized base salary of $1,500,000 (subject to increase from time to time) and will be eligible to earn an annual incentive bonus under the Companys Annual Incentive Plan (the AIP) with a target annual bonus equal to no less than 200% of his base salary.

The Employment Agreement also provides that, on the Effective Date, Dr. Sutaria will receive restricted stock units (the Retention RSUs) covering $18 million worth of the Companys common stock pursuant to the Companys 2019 Stock Incentive Plan as a signing and retention incentive. Subject to Dr. Sutarias continuous employment through the applicable vesting date (except as described below), 40% of the Retention RSUs will vest pro rata annually in four substantially equal installments on December 31, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, and the remaining 60% of the Retention RSUs will be subject to a four year performance period subject to the achievement of certain performance metrics determined by the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the HR Committee). Additionally, commencing with the Companys 2025 fiscal year, Dr. Sutaria will be eligible to receive annual equity and other long-term incentive awards, with the actual level of participation consistent with Dr. Sutarias current annual long-term incentive award level and his position as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the amount, form, terms and conditions of the awards to be determined in the sole discretion of the Board or the HR Committee. Dr. Sutaria will also be entitled to participate in the Companys benefits generally available to executive-level employees and will be entitled to annual contributions of not less than $250,000 to the Companys executive retirement account.

If Dr. Sutarias employment is terminated without cause (including as a result of the Companys election not to renew the Term) or Dr. Sutaria voluntarily resigns with good reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement) more than six months prior to, or more than two years following, a change of control (as defined in the Companys Executive Severance Plan), Dr. Sutaria will (in addition to any accrued compensation, benefits and expense reimbursements through the applicable termination date) be eligible to receive, subject to his execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company: (1) payment of any earned but unpaid AIP bonus for the year prior to the year in which the termination of employment occurs, (2) a pro-rata AIP bonus for the year in which the termination of employment occurs based on actual performance, (3) two and one-half times the sum of his then-current base salary plus target AIP bonus, which will be paid over two and one-half year period following the termination date, (4) accelerated vesting of all outstanding unvested equity and other long-term incentive awards, and (5) continued coverage under the Companys health and welfare plans during the two and one-half year period following the termination date (or substitute coverage if continued participation is barred).

If Dr. Sutarias employment is terminated without cause or Dr. Sutaria voluntarily resigns with good reason within six months prior to, or within two years following, a change of control, Dr. Sutaria will (in addition to any accrued compensation, benefits and expense reimbursements through the applicable termination date) be eligible to receive, subject to his execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company: (1) payment of any earned but unpaid AIP bonus for the year prior to the year in which the termination of employment occurs, (2) a pro-rata AIP bonus for the year in which the termination of employment occurs based on actual performance, (3) an amount equal to three times the sum of his then current base salary plus target AIP bonus, such amount to be paid in single lump-sum, (4) accelerated vesting of all outstanding unvested equity and other long-term incentive awards, and (5) continued coverage under the Companys health and welfare plans during the three year period following the termination date (or substitute coverage if continued participation is barred).

If Dr. Sutarias employment is terminated as a result of Dr. Sutarias death or disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), Dr. Sutaria will (in addition to any accrued compensation, benefits and expense reimbursements through the applicable termination date) be eligible to receive: (1) payment of any earned but unpaid AIP bonus for the year prior to the year in which the termination of employment occurs, (2) a pro-rata AIP bonus for the year in which the termination of employment occurs based on actual performance, and (3) accelerated vesting of all outstanding unvested equity and other long-term incentive awards. 

In the event Dr. Sutaria elects not to renew the Employment Agreement upon the expiration of the Term, Dr. Sutaria will (in addition to any accrued compensation, benefits and expense reimbursements through the applicable termination date) be entitled to continued vesting of all then-unvested equity-based awards held by Dr. Sutaria during the two and one-half year period following the Term as if Dr. Sutaria had remained employed by Company, subject to his execution of a release of claims 

in favor of the Company and continued compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in the Employment Agreement (as summarized below).

Dr. Sutaria is bound by perpetual confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants. Additionally, Dr. Sutaria is subject to an employee non-solicitation covenant that applies for the duration of Dr. Sutarias employment with the Company and for two years thereafter, and a noncompetition covenant that applies with respect to four of the Companys primary competitors for the duration of Dr. Sutarias employment with the Company and for one year thereafter. 

The summary of the Employment Agreement contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Saumya Sutaria, effective as of January 23, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

TENET HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

Date: January 24, 2025 By: /s/ THOMAS ARNST

Thomas Arnst

Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex101amendedandrestatedemp.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENNDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is hereby entered into to be effective from and following January 23, 2025 (the Effective Date), between Tenet Healthcare Corporation (the Company) and Saumya Sutaria (Executive).

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive are party to that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021 (the Prior Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Company currently employs Executive as the Chief Executive Officer and the Executive currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to enter into this Agreement as to the terms of Executives employment with the Company from and after the Effective Date, which will supersede the Prior Agreement in its entirety effective as of the Effective Date.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual promises contained herein and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.Employment Term. The Company agrees to employ Executive pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and Executive agrees to be so employed, for a term commencing as of the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2028 (the Initial Term). After the Initial Term, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically extended for successive one-year periods (each, a Subsequent Term) (the Initial Term and any Subsequent Terms, collectively, the Term), provided, however, that either party hereto may elect not to extend this Agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any such subsequent anniversary date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executives employment hereunder may be earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4 hereof. The period of time between the Effective Date and the termination of Executives employment hereunder shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period.

2.Position and Duties. Except as otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, for the duration of the Employment Period:

(a)Executive will serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting directly to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board). During the Employment Period, Executive will serve as a member of the Board and as Chairman of the Board.

(b)Executives primary office location shall be in the San Francisco Bay Area, although Executive understands and agrees that Executive will be required to travel from time to time for business reasons.

(c)Executive shall have such responsibilities, duties and authorities, and will render such services for the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates as the Board may reasonably request from time to time. During the Employment Period, Executive will devote substantially all of Executives business time, energy and efforts to Executives obligations hereunder and to the affairs of the Company; provided that the foregoing shall not prevent Executive from (i) continuing to serve on the board of directors of USA Water Polo and serving on the boards of directors of other non-profit organizations and, with the prior written approval of the Board, other for-profit companies, (ii) participating in charitable, civic, educational, professional, community or industry affairs, and (iii) managing Executives passive personal investments, so long as such activities in the aggregate do not interfere or conflict with Executives duties hereunder or create a potential business or fiduciary conflict.

(d)Executive will be employed by Tenet Employment, Inc. for all purposes under this Agreement.

3.Compensation and Benefits.

(a)Base Salary. As of the Effective Date, Executive shall receive an annual base salary equal to $ 1,500,000, payable by the Company in regular installments in accordance with the Companys general payroll practices, less taxes and other applicable withholdings (as may be increased from time to time, the Base Salary).

(b)Annual Bonus. For each calendar year commencing during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual incentive payment (the Annual Bonus) based on a target bonus opportunity of no less than 200% of Executives Base Salary (the Target Annual Bonus), with the actual Annual Bonus amount calculated based upon the attainment of one or more performance-based objectives established by the Board or the Human Resources Committee of the Board (the Committee) in its sole discretion. The Annual Bonus shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the annual bonus plan adopted by the Board or the Committee, under which bonuses are generally payable to senior executives of the Company. The Annual Bonus shall be paid to Executive at the same time as annual bonuses are generally payable to other senior executives of the Company, subject to Executives continuous employment through the applicable payment date, except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Board or Committee may grant Executive discretionary bonuses from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.

(c)Equity and Other Long-Term Incentive Awards.

(i)Executive shall be eligible to receive equity and other long-term incentive awards under any applicable plan adopted by the Company during the Employment Period for which employees are generally eligible. The actual level of Executives participation in any such plan shall be consistent with Executives current annual long-term incentive award level 

and his position as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and the amount, form and terms and conditions of any award granted under such plan, in each case, shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Board or Committee from time to time. Grants of such equity and other long-term incentive awards shall be made annually (commencing with the Companys 2025 fiscal year) at the same time grants of equity and other long-term incentive awards are made to other similarly-situated executives. Subject to Executives continued employment with the Company, the granted equity and other long-term incentive awards shall vest on the same basis as equity and other long-term incentive awards granted to similarly-situated executives vest, unless vesting is otherwise accelerated in accordance with Section 4 below.

(ii)Upon the Effective Date, Executive shall also receive as a signing and retention grant an off-cycle Company RSU grant of $18,000,000 with 40% of it being time-based RSUs vesting pro rata annually in four substantially equal installments on December 31, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, and with 60% of it being performance-based RSUs with a four year performance period starting January 1, 2025 and ending December 31, 2028.

(iii)All equity and other long-term incentive awards granted to Executive prior to the Effective Date (together with any future equity or other long-term incentive awards, the Long-Term Incentive Awards) shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with the documents evidencing such awards (including, without limitation, this Agreement).

(d)Employee Benefits. In addition, during the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to participate in the Companys benefits generally available to executive-level employees, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Companys then-active health and welfare plans, deferred compensation plans, 401(k) retirement savings plan and the Companys Executive Retirement Account (which shall include an annual Company contribution of no less than $250,000), subject, in each case, to the eligibility and participation requirements thereof; provided, however, that Executive shall not participate in any severance plan or policy maintained by the Company for the benefit of senior executives.

(e)Expenses. During the Employment Period, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him in the course of performing his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement which are consistent with the Companys policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Companys requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to use of the Companys airplane for business and personal use (personal use not to exceed one hundred (100) hours per calendar year) without reimbursement to the Company in 

accordance with the Companys policies as in effect from time to time and consistent with past practice.

(f)Legal Fees. Upon presentation of appropriate documentation, the Company shall pay Executives reasonable counsel fees incurred in connection with the negotiation and documentation of this Agreement, up to a maximum of $25,000, which shall be paid within sixty (60) days following the Effective Date.

4.Termination. 

(a)The Employment Period shall terminate upon the first to occur of the following:

(i)the end of the Term following notice by either party of an election not to renew the Term in accordance with Section 1 hereof;

(ii)upon advance written notice of Executives voluntary resignation with Good Reason; 

(iii)immediately upon Executives death or Disability; 

(iv)immediately upon a termination by the Company for Cause; or 

(v)immediately upon written notice by the Company without Cause or upon one hundred eighty (180) days advance written notice by Executive without Good Reason (the date of such terminations set forth in (i) through (v) herein, the Termination Date).

Effective automatically as of any such Termination Date and without any further action taken by Executive, Executive will be deemed to effectively resign from all positions, offices and directorships with the Company and any affiliate and subsidiary of the Company, as well as from any positions, offices and directorships on the Companys and its affiliates and subsidiaries foundations, benefit plans and programs.

(b)Death; Disability. Executives employment and the Employment Period shall terminate automatically upon Executives death. The Company may terminate Executives employment and the Employment Period immediately upon the occurrence of a Disability, such termination to be effective upon Executives receipt of written notice of such termination. Upon Executives death, or in the event that Executives employment and Employment Period ends on account of Executives Disability, Executive or Executives estate, as applicable, shall be entitled to the following: 

(i)any accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date payable no later than ten (10) days following the Termination Date;

(ii)reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the Termination Date in accordance with Section 3(e) of this Agreement, payable in accordance with applicable Company plan or policy;

(iii)all other payments, benefits or fringe benefits to which Executive shall be entitled under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement or benefit, equity or fringe benefit plan or program or grant payable in accordance with the applicable plan, policy or award agreement (the payments described in (i), (ii), and (iii) hereof, collectively, the Accrued Benefits);

(iv)any Annual Bonus for the preceding fiscal year which, as of the Termination Date, has not been paid, and which would have been paid but for Executives termination of employment, such Annual Bonus to be paid at the same time as annual bonuses for such fiscal year are generally payable to other senior executives of the Company (the Prior Year Bonus);

(v)a pro-rata portion of the Annual Bonus Executive would have earned for the performance year in which the Termination Date occurs based on actual performance, with such pro-rata portion determined based on the quotient determined by dividing the number of days between the beginning of the performance period in which such termination occurs and the Termination Date, divided by 365 (the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus), which amount shall be paid at such time annual bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company; and

(vi)effective as of the Termination Date, immediate vesting in full of the outstanding and then-unvested portion of Long-Term Incentive Awards held by Executive, which will be settled within thirty (30) days following Executives Termination Date.

Following any such termination of Executives employment, except as set forth in this Section 4(b), Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. 

(c)Termination by the Company for Cause; Resignation by Executive without Good Reason. The Company may terminate Executives employment at any time for Cause and Executive may terminate his employment at any time without Good Reason upon one hundred eighty (180) days advance written notice to the Company . If Executives employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or if Executive resigns without Good Reason, Executive shall (without limiting Section 4(f))be entitled to only the Accrued Benefits.

(d)Termination by the Company without Cause; Resignation by Executive with Good Reason (Other than During Protection Period). The Company may terminate Executives employment at any time without Cause, effective upon delivery to Executive of written notice in accordance with Section 4(a)(v), and Executive may voluntarily resign employment with the Company with Good Reason (as defined below). In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability), or Executive voluntarily resigns with Good Reason, in either case other than during the Protection Period (as defined below), subject to Section 4(g) below (other than with respect to Section 4(d)(i)), Executive shall be entitled to:

(i)the Accrued Benefits;

(ii)an amount in cash equal to two and one-half (2.5) times the sum of (x) Executives Base Salary plus (y) Executives Target Annual Bonus, which will be paid to Executive in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys payroll practices as of the Termination Date over the two and one-half (2.5) year period following the Termination Date; provided that to the extent any such payments constitute nonqualified deferred compensation for the purposes of Code Section 409A (as defined in Section 17 hereof), any such payment scheduled to occur prior to the first regularly scheduled payroll period following the Release Effective Date shall not be paid until the first regularly scheduled payroll period following the Release Effective Date and shall include payment of any amount that was otherwise scheduled to be paid prior thereto;

(iii)payment of any Prior Year Bonus and the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus;

(iv)effective as of the Termination Date, immediate vesting in full of the outstanding and then-unvested portion of Long-Term Incentive Awards held by Executive, which will be settled within thirty (30) days following Executives Termination Date; and

(v)subject to Executives timely election of continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), continued coverage under the Companys health and welfare plans during the two and one-half (2.5)-year period following the Termination Date in which Executive was participating immediately prior to the Termination Date; provided, that the continued participation is possible under the general terms and provisions of such benefit programs. If such continued participation is barred, then the Company will arrange to provide Executive and his eligible dependents with substantially similar coverage to that which such persons would have otherwise been entitled to receive under such benefit programs from which such continued participation is barred. In either case, however, Executive 

will be required to continue to pay, on a pre-tax or after-tax basis, as applicable, his portion of the cost of such coverages as in effect on the Termination Date, and the Company will continue to pay its portion of such costs, as in effect at the time of the Termination Date.

(e)Termination by the Company without Cause; Resignation by Executive with Good Reason During the Protection Period. In the event that Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability), or Executive voluntarily resigns with Good Reason, in either case during the period beginning on the date that is six (6) months before the occurrence of a Change of Control and ending twenty-four (24) months after the occurrence of a Change of Control (such period, the Protection Period), subject to Section 4(g) below (other than with respect to Section 4(e)(i)), Executive shall be entitled to:

(i)the Accrued Benefits;

(ii)an amount in cash equal to three (3) times the sum of (x) Executives Base Salary and (y) Executives Target Annual Bonus (the CoC Severance), which will be paid to Executive in a single lump-sum on the first regularly scheduled payroll period following the Release Effective Date;

(iii)payment of any Prior Year Bonus and the Pro-Rata Annual Bonus;

(iv)effective as of the Termination Date, immediate vesting in full of the outstanding and then-unvested portion of Long-Term Incentive Awards held by Executive, which will be settled within thirty (30) days following Executives Termination Date; and

(v)subject to Executives timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, continued coverage under the Companys health and welfare plans during the three (3)-year period following the Termination Date in which Executive was participating immediately prior to the Termination Date; provided, that the continued participation is possible under the general terms and provisions of such benefit programs. If such continued participation is barred, then the Company will arrange to provide Executive and his eligible dependents with substantially similar coverage to that which such persons would have otherwise been entitled to receive under such benefit programs from which such continued participation is barred. In either case, however, Executive will be required to continue to pay, on a pre-tax or after-tax basis, as applicable, his portion of the cost of such coverages as in effect on the Termination Date, and the Company will continue to pay its portion of such costs, as in effect at the time of the Termination Date.

(f)Termination upon the Conclusion of the Term.

(i)Executives employment will terminate automatically upon the Companys election not to renew the Term in accordance with Section 1 hereof. Upon Executives termination of employment upon the Companys election not to renew the Term, Executive shall be deemed to have incurred a termination by the Company without Cause and shall be entitled to the payments and benefits set forth in Section 4(d) or Section 4(e), as applicable.

(ii)Executive may terminate his employment upon Executives election not to renew the Term in accordance with Section 1 hereof. If Executive elects not to renew the Term, (i) Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits, and (ii) subject to Section 4(g) below and Executives continued compliance with Section 7 hereof as if Executive had remained employed by the Company during the Extension Term (as defined below), any then-unvested Long-Term Incentive Awards held by Executive will continue to vest during the two and a half (2.5) year period following Executives termination of employment at the conclusion of the Term (the Extension Period) as if Executive had remained employed by the Company during such Extension Period; provided, however, the vesting schedule for each award that would not otherwise fully vest by the end of the Extension Period shall be modified as of the Termination Date to provide that all remaining unvested equity shall vest pro-rata during the Extension Period with such pro-rata portion determined for each outstanding equity-based award by multiplying the unvested portion of such award as of the conclusion of the Extension Period by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days between (i) the vesting date that immediately precedes the conclusion of the Extension Period, and (ii) the conclusion of the Extension Period and the denominator of which is the total number of days between the immediately preceding vesting date and the final vesting date associated with such award.

(iii)Following the termination of Executives employment by the Company without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason or upon the conclusion of the Term, except as set forth in Section 4(d), Section 4(e) or Section 4(f) hereof, Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits under this Agreement. Payments and benefits provided in Section 4(d), Section 4(e) or Section 4(f) shall be in lieu of any termination or severance payments or benefits for which Executive may be eligible under any of the plans, policies or programs of the Company or under the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act of 1988 or any similar state statute or regulation.

(g)Release of Claims, Continued Compliance. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the payment of any amount or provision of any benefit (other than the Accrued Benefits) pursuant to Section 4(d),Section 4(e) or Section 4(f)

(collectively with respect to either Section 4(d),Section 4(e) or Section 4(f), as applicable, the Severance Benefits) shall be conditioned upon Executives execution, delivery to the Company, and non-revocation of the release of claims in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company (and the expiration of any revocation period contained in such release of claims) within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date (the date on which the release becomes effective and no longer subject to revocation, the Release Effective Date). Any delay in the payment of the Severance Benefits shall not extend the period of time that the Severance Benefits are payable. If Executive fails to execute the release of claims in such a timely manner so as to permit any revocation period to expire prior to the end of such sixty (60)-day period, or timely revokes Executives such release following its execution, Executive shall not be entitled to any of the Severance Benefits. 

5.Code Section 280G. To the extent that any amount payable to Executive hereunder, when combined with any other payment or benefit (collectively, the Payments, which shall include, without limitation, the vesting of any equity awards or other non-cash benefit or property) that could be considered a parachute payment, as such term is defined under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), exceed the limitations of Section 280G of the Code such that an excise tax will be imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, the Payments shall be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the value of such total Payments determined under Section 280G of the Code received by Executive will be one dollar ($1.00) less than three times Executives base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such Payments received by Executive shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, such parachute payments shall be reduced in the following order: (a) any Prior Year Bonus, (b) any portion of the CoC Severance Payment that is not nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A (c) any other cash amounts payable to Executive that is not nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A, (d) any benefits continuation valued as parachute payments, (e) any accelerated vesting of any equity awards and (f) any portion of the CoC Severance Payment and any other cash amounts that are nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A, or (b) paid in full, whichever of (a) or (b) produces the better net after tax position to Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section 5, the Company may engage an independent accounting firm or independent counsel to make such determinations, which shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and Executive, and such independent accounting firm or independent counsel may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the applicable of Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code. 

6.Selected Definitions.

(a)Cause shall mean a termination of Executives employment by the Company due to any of the following: (i) embezzlement, theft or other willful and material misappropriation by Executive of any Company property; (ii) Executives willful and material breach of any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its 

subsidiaries; (iii) Executives willful and material failure or refusal to comply with laws or regulations applicable to Company and its business, or the policies of the Company governing the conduct of its employees that causes material harm to the Company; (iv) commission by Executive of a felony or of any crime involving moral turpitude, fraud, or misrepresentation; (v) the willful and material failure or refusal of Executive to perform his reasonably assigned job duties in accordance with Company policy; or (vi) any gross negligence or willful misconduct of Executive resulting in a material loss to the Company, or material damage to the reputation of the Company.

(b)Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Companys Fifth Amended and Restated Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated effective February 1, 2021, and any successor thereto.

(c)Disability shall be defined as the inability of Executive to have performed Executives material duties hereunder due to a physical or mental injury, infirmity or incapacity for one hundred eighty (180) days (including weekends and holidays) in any 365-day period as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion.

(d)Good Reason shall mean a termination of Executives employment by Executive within thirty (30) days of the Companys failure to cure, in accordance with the procedures set forth below, any of the following events: (i) a reduction of ten percent (10%) or more in Executives Base Salary or annual incentive opportunity set forth in Section 3 hereof; (ii) a material reduction in Executives duties and responsibilities as of the Effective Date; (iii) the assignment to Executive of duties that are materially inconsistent with his duties as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company; (iv) relocation of Executives principal office to a location that is more than fifty (50) miles from Executives principal office at the time of such relocation; or (v) a material breach of any material provision of this Agreement by the Company. A termination hereunder shall not be treated as a termination for Good Reason (x) if Executive shall have consented in writing to the occurrence of the event giving rise to the claim of termination for Good Reason, or (y) unless Executive shall have delivered a written notice to the Board within three (3) months of his having actual knowledge of the occurrence of one of such events stating that he intends to terminate his employment for Good Reason and specifying the factual basis for such termination. The Company shall have a period of thirty (30) days from the date of notice to cure (if such occurrence is capable of cure). The effective date for Executives resignation for Good Reason (in the absence of cure) will be the earlier of the date of expiration of the Companys cure period and the date that the Company advises Executive in writing that it does not intend to cure. For the purposes of delivery of notice under subsections (ii) and (iii) a material reduction or change in Executives duties that occurs incrementally over a period of time (not to exceed twelve (12) months) shall be deemed to have occurred when such reduction or change, in the aggregate, becomes material.

7.Restrictive Covenants

(a)Confidentiality. During the course of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will have access to Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means all data, information, ideas, concepts, discoveries, trade secrets, inventions (whether or not patentable or reduced to practice), innovations, improvements, know-how, developments, techniques, methods, processes, treatments, drawings, sketches, specifications, designs, plans, patterns, models, plans and strategies, and all other confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets in any form or medium (whether merely remembered or embodied in a tangible or intangible form or medium) whether now or hereafter existing, relating to or arising from the past, current or potential business, activities and/or operations of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, any such information relating to or concerning finances, sales, marketing, advertising, transition, promotions, pricing, personnel, customers, suppliers, vendors, raw partners and/or competitors. Executive agrees that Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, use, make available, sell, disclose or otherwise communicate to any person, other than in the course of Executives assigned duties and for the benefit of the Company, either during the period of Executives employment or at any time thereafter, any Confidential Information or other confidential or proprietary information received from third parties subject to a duty on the Companys and its subsidiaries and affiliates part to maintain the confidentiality of such information, and to use such information only for certain limited purposes, in each case, which shall have been obtained by Executive during Executives employment by the Company (or any predecessor). The foregoing shall not apply to information that (i) was known to the public prior to its disclosure to Executive; (ii) becomes generally known to the public subsequent to disclosure to Executive through no wrongful act of Executive or any representative of Executive; or (iii) Executive is required to disclose by applicable law, regulation or legal process (provided that Executive provides the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperates with the Company at its expense in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information). Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Executive from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to any governmental agency or regulatory body or making other disclosures that are protected under any whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation, or from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any governmental agency or regulatory body. 

(b)Noncompetition; Nonsolicitation.

(i)During the Employment Period and for a period of one (1) year following the Termination Date, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control, be employed by (whether as an employee, consultant, independent contractor or otherwise, and whether or not for compensation) or render services to HCA Healthcare, Inc., Community Health Systems, Inc., Universal Health Services, Inc., Surgery Partners, Inc., or any of their respective affiliates or successors in interest (the Restricted Entities). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) nothing 

herein shall prohibit Executive from being a passive owner of not more than one percent (1%) of the equity securities of Restricted Entities, so long as Executive has no active participation in the business of such corporation and (ii) in the event a Restricted Entity becomes an affiliate of Company, this provision shall no longer apply with respect to such Restricted Entity.

(ii)During the Employment Period and for a period of two (2) years following the Termination Date, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, solicit, aid or induce any employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to leave such employment or retention or to accept employment with or render services to or with any other person, firm, corporation or other entity unaffiliated with the Company or take any action to materially assist or aid any other person, firm, corporation or other entity in identifying or soliciting any such employee. An employee shall be deemed covered by this Section (ii) while so employed or retained and for a period of six (6) months thereafter; provided, however, that the Company will, in good faith, consider exempting any employee who was terminated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

(c)Nondisparagement. Executive agrees not to make negative comments or otherwise disparage the Company or its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents or products other than in the good faith performance of Executives duties to the Company while Executive is employed by the Company, it being understood and agreed that disparagement does not include compliance with legal process or subpoenas to the extent only truthful statements are rendered in such compliance attempt, statements in response to any inquiry from a court or regulatory body, or statements or comments in rebuttal of media stories or alleged media stories. Further, nothing in this Agreement (i) is intended to or purports to infringe on Executives right to disclose information about unlawful acts in the workplace, including, but not limited to, sexual harassment, or (ii) prohibits Executive from speaking with law enforcement, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, any state or local division of human rights or fair employment agency or Executives attorney. The Company will instruct its board members and senior executives not to make any negative comments or otherwise defame or disparage Executive to any third parties, except as required by law, it being understood and agreed that disparagement does not include compliance with legal process or subpoenas to the extent only truthful statements are rendered in such compliance attempt, statements in response to any inquiry from a court or regulatory body, or statements or comments in rebuttal of media stories or alleged media stories.

(d)Trade Secrets. 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) provides: An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (B) solely 

for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Accordingly, the parties to this Agreement have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. The parties also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure.

(e)Reasonableness of Restrictive Covenants. In signing this Agreement, Executive gives the Company assurance that Executive has carefully read and considered all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restraints imposed under this Section 7 hereof. Executive agrees that these restraints are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of the Company and its affiliates and their Confidential Information and that each and every one of the restraints is reasonable in respect to subject matter, length of time and geographic area, and that these restraints, individually or in the aggregate, will not prevent Executive from obtaining other suitable employment during the period in which Executive is bound by the restraints. Executive acknowledges that each of these covenants has a unique, very substantial and immeasurable value to the Company and its affiliates and that Executive has sufficient assets and skills to provide a livelihood while such covenants remain in force. Executive further covenants that Executive will not challenge the reasonableness or enforceability of any of the covenants set forth in this Section 7, and that Executive will reimburse the Company and its affiliates for all costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in connection with any action to enforce any of the provisions of this Section 7 if Executive challenges the reasonableness or enforceability of any of the provisions of this Section 7. It is also agreed that each of the Companys affiliates will have the right to enforce all of Executives obligations to that affiliate under this Agreement, including without limitation pursuant to this Section 7.

(f)Reformation. If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in this Section 7 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under applicable law, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of that state.

(g)Tolling. In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 7, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post-termination restrictions contained in this Section 7(b) shall be extended by a period of time equal to the period of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period shall be tolled during any period of such violation.

8.Notices. Any notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be effective when delivered in person or deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to Executive at his last known address on the books of the Company or, in the case of the Company, to it at its principal place of business, attention of the Board (with a copy to the General Counsel of the Company), or to such other address as either party may specify by notice to the other actually received.

9.Complete Agreement. This Agreement embodies the complete agreement and understanding among Executive and the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way other than the agreements referenced herein or any agreement which by its terms continues beyond Executives termination of employment.

10.Indemnification. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify Executive and hold Executive harmless to the extent provided under the By-Laws of the Company and any agreement between the Company and Executive, against and in respect of any and all actions, suits, proceedings, claims, demands, judgments, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), losses and damages resulting from Executives good faith performance of Executives duties and obligations to the Company. The Company shall cover Executive acting in his capacity as an officer or director of the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, under the directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company for the benefit of similarly situated current and former directors and officers.

11.No Assignment. This Agreement is personal to each of the parties hereto, and no party may assign or delegate any right or obligation hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the other party hereto.

12.Counterparts; Delivery by Facsimile or PDF. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (including by facsimile or PDF signature pages), each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement and any amendments hereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or PDF, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person.

13.Withholding Taxes. The Company may withhold from any and all amounts payable to Executive hereunder such federal, state and local taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

14.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the laws of the state of Texas without giving effect to provisions thereof regarding conflict of laws.

15.Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES HERETO ALSO WAIVE ANY BOND OR SURETY OR SECURITY UPON SUCH BOND WHICH MIGHT, BUT FOR THIS WAIVER, BE REQUIRED OF THE OTHER PARTY. THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THE WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. THE COMPANY AND EXECUTIVE FURTHER WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH THEIR RESPECTIVE LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES THEIR RESPECTIVE JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT.

16.Amendment and Waiver. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior written consent of the Company and Executive, and no course of conduct or course of dealing or failure or delay by any party hereto in enforcing or exercising any of the provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement or be deemed to be an implied waiver of any provision of this Agreement.

17.Section 409A. 

(a)The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Code Section 409A) and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement will be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. To the extent that any provision hereof is modified in order to comply with Code Section 409A, such modification will be made in good faith and will, to the maximum extent reasonably possible, maintain the original intent and economic benefit to Executive and the Company of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Code Section 409A. To the extent that reimbursements or other in-kind benefits under this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A, (a) all expenses or other reimbursements hereunder will be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred by Executive, (b) any right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchanges for another benefit, and (c) no such reimbursement, expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided in 

any table year will in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year.

(b)A termination of employment shall, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of penalty taxes on Executive under Code Section 409A, not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed on the date of termination to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B), then with regard to any payment or the provision of any benefit that is considered deferred compensation under Code Section 409A payable on account of a separation from service, such payment or benefit shall not be made or provided until the date which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of such separation from service of Executive, and (B) the date of Executives death, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of penalty taxes on Executive under Code Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the foregoing delay period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this Section 17(b) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein.

(c)For purposes of Code Section 409A, Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. Whenever a payment under this Agreement specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company.

(d)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall any payment under this Agreement that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Code Section 409A be subject to offset by any other amount unless otherwise permitted by Code Section 409A.

18.Survival. The provisions contained in Sections 4, 5, 7 through 11, and 13 through17 hereof shall survive the termination or expiration of the Term and Executives employment with the Company and shall be fully enforceable thereafter. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date written below.

TENET HEALTHCARE CORPORATION & TENET EMPLOYMENT, INC.

By: /s/ Robert Kerrey

Name: Robert Kerrey

Title: Lead Director

Date: 1/23/2025

Accepted and Agreed:

/s/ Saumya Sutaria

Name: Saumya Sutaria

Date: January 23, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>thc-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>thc-20250123_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>thc-20250123_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entities [Table] 
Entities [Table] 

Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 
Entity Listings, Exchange [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

New York Stock Exchange 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC. [Member] 

6.875% Senior Notes due 2031 
Senior Notes [Member] 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Exchange [Domain] 
Exchange [Domain] 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Information [Line Items] 
Entity Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>thc-20250123_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information Document

Jan. 23, 2025

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity File Number 1-7293

Entity Tax Identification Number 95-2557091

Entity Address, Address Line One 14201 Dallas Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75254

City Area Code 469

Local Phone Number 893-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000070318

Amendment Flag false

Entity Registrant Name TENET HEALTHCARE CORP

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

New York Stock Exchange | Common Stock [Member] 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.05 par value

Trading Symbol THC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

New York Stock Exchange | 6.875% Senior Notes due 2031 

Entity Information [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 6.875% Senior Notes due 2031

Trading Symbol THC31

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityListingsExchangeAxis=exch_XNYS

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.tenethealth.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

thc-20250123.htm 
thc-20250123.xsd 
thc-20250123_def.xml 
thc-20250123_lab.xml 
thc-20250123_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000070318-25-000003-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>thc-20250123_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000070318 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0000070318 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0000070318 

us-gaap:SeniorNotesMember 
exch:XNYS 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0000070318 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
TENET HEALTHCARE CORP 
NV 
1-7293 
95-2557091 
14201 Dallas Parkway 
Dallas 
TX 
75254 
469 
893-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.05 par value 
THC 
NYSE 
6.875% Senior Notes due 2031 
THC31 
NYSE 
false 
2025-01-23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>