<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-004240.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-004240.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110164708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-004240
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LM FUNDING AMERICA, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001640384
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37605
		FILM NUMBER:		25523613

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 WEST PLATT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33606
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-222-8996

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 WEST PLATT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33606
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>lmfa-20241206.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K/A

true000164038400016403842024-12-062024-12-06

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 1)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 06, 2024

LM FUNDING AMERICA, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-37605 

47-3844457

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1200 West Platt Street

Suite 100 

Tampa, Florida 

33606

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:813222-8996

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock par value $0.001 per share 

LMFA 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note

This Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (this Amendment) amends the Current Report on Form 8-K originally filed by the Company (as defined below) on December 9, 2024 (the Original Form 8-K). This Amendment is being filed solely to (i) add Item 1.01 (Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement) to the filing, as such section was inadvertently omitted from the Original Form 8-K, and (ii) correct the Date of Report on the cover page to the filing to the date of the earliest event reported, which was December 6, 2024. This Amendment does not otherwise change or update any of the other disclosure set forth in the Original Form 8-K and does not otherwise reflect events occurring after the Original Form 8-K.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On December 8, 2024, LM Funding America, Inc. (the Company) entered into a warrant exercise agreement (the Warrant Exercise Agreement) with an existing accredited investor (the Investor) to exercise certain outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,736,370 shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), originally issued to the Investor on August 19, 2024, having an original exercise price of $2.98 per share (the Existing Warrants). The offer and resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants was registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282023).

In consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants, the exercising holder received new unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,472,740 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the New Warrants).

The New Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Existing Warrants, are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $2.95 per share (the applicable Nasdaq Minimum Price), and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company agreed to file a resale registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 30 calendar days) after the date of the Warrant Exercise Agreement, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have such resale registration statement declared effective by the SEC within 60 calendar days following the date of the Warrant Exercise Agreement. The New Warrants include a beneficial ownership limitation that prevents the investor from owning more than 4.99% of the Companys outstanding common stock at any time (which may be increased by the investor to no more than 9.99%).

The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants was approximately $5.1 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The closing of the offering occurred on December 9, 2024. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Maxim Group LLC (Maxim) acted as the financial advisor to the Company pursuant to a letter agreement between the Company and Maxim, dated December 8, 2024. As compensation for such services, the Company agreed to pay Maxim an aggregate cash fee equal to 6.0% of the total proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants.

The foregoing descriptions of the Warrant Exercise Agreement and the New Warrants are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Warrant Exercise Agreement and the form of New Warrant, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On December 6, 2024, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, US Digital Mining and Hosting Oklahoma LLC, an Oklahoma limited liability company (US Digital), completed the previously announced acquisition (the Acquisition) of substantially all of the business assets of Tech Infrastructure JV I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and joint venture affiliate of Arthur Development Group, Inc. (Seller), including certain contracts, mining equipment and other tangible personal property, and certain rights of the Seller relating to the assets being purchased (collectively, the Assets), free and clear of any liens other than certain specified liabilities of the Seller that were assumed, pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) entered into on November 14, 2024 by and among the Company, US Digital, and Seller. The total purchase price of approximately $7.3 million was paid as follows: (i) approximately $1.1 million was paid by the Company to Seller in cash at the closing; (ii) approximately $3.7 million was credited against outstanding loans made by the Company and its affiliates to Seller; and (iii) approximately $2.5 million is currently being held in escrow in order to ensure that Seller vacates the site, including by removing all of the miners that Seller hosts for its other clients. The foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 18, 2024, and is, along with the description of the same contained in Item 1.01 of such Current Report on Form 8-K, incorporated herein by reference.

Further, in connection with the Acquisition, the Company took assignment of a Ground Lease and Use Agreement (the Ground Lease) which, as amended, provides for rent of $135,000 per year, subject to certain adjustments, and, among other things, provides the Company an option to purchase the land underlying the lease for a purchase price to include (i) the prepayment of rent owed

through the remainder of the term of the Ground Lease, subject to certain adjustments, and (ii) a cash payment of $25,000 (the Lease Option). The Lease Option will begin on the earlier of (i) December 1, 2026, or (ii) the date that certain minimum usage thresholds have been met, and will have a duration of one year unless the Ground Lease is otherwise terminated. The Ground Lease is for a term that will expire in June 2029.

The foregoing description of the Ground Lease is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Ground Lease, including all amendments thereto, a copy of which will be filed as an exhibit to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. The New Warrants were issued solely to an accredited investor in a private placement transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The New Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise thereof have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements.

This report shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On December 9, 2024, LMFA issued a press release announcing its entry into the Warrant Exercise Agreement and a press release announcing the closing of the Acquisition, copies of which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

The disclosure in this Item 7.01 (including the exhibit) shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any of the Companys filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent, if any, expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

As a result of the completion of the Acquisition, the total aggregate amount of loans made by the Company to Seller that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Acquisition (with a balance of $3.8 million) were paid in full as a credit toward the purchase price of the Acquisition, and no amounts remain outstanding under such loans.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

4.1 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant.

10.1 

Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated December 8, 2024. 

99.1 

Press Release announcing entry into Warrant Exercise Agreement issued December 9, 2024. 

99.2 

Press Release announcing closing of the Acquisition issued December 9, 2024.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

LM Funding America Inc

Date: 

January 10, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Richard Russell

Richard Russell, Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>lmfa-ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

LM FUNDING AMERICA, inc.

Warrant Shares: Initial Exercise Date: _____________, 2024

Issue Date: _____________, 2024

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, _____________________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial Exercise Date) and on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 5-year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from LM Funding America, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to ________ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Agreement (the Purchase Agreement), dated December 8, 2024, among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto.

Section 2. Exercise.

a)

Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within one (1) Trading Day following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or 

cashiers check drawn on a United States bank (to an account designated by the Company) unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise.No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date and the Initial Exercise Date shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof and that any exercise is subject to the limitations set forth in this Warrant, including under Section 2(c) below.

b)

Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $2.95, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)

Cashless Exercise. If at any time during the term of this Warrant and on or after the Initial Exercise Date, there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,

either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the holding period of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New

York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

d)

Mechanics of Exercise. 

i.

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Subject to the receipt of appropriate and customary representations and warranties from the Holder, the Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common 

Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise.

ii.

Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.

Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.

Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and 

delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.

No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.

Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after

giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder, including any member of a Section 13(d) group in accordance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to

the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a)

Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

b)

Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, 

the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)

Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, other than as set forth in Section 3(a) above,by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d)

Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, 

(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.

e)

Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)

Notice to Holder. 

i.

Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.

Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice and provided, further that no notice shall be required if the information is disseminated in a press release or document filed with the Commission. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)

Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a 

written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)

New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c)

Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)

Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.

e)

Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a)

No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)

Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c)

Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d)

Authorized Shares. The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)

Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Purchase Agreement, which shall apply to this Warrant mutatis mutandis.

f)

Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g)

Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant or the Purchase Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)

Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

i)

Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)

Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions 

of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)

Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. Holder may assign any or all of its rights under this Warrant to any Person to whom Holder assigns or transfers any Warrant or Warrant Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Warrant or Warrant Shares, by the provisions of the Warrant that apply to the Holder.

l)

Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m)

Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)

Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

LM FUNDING AMERICA, inc.

By:__________________________________________

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: LM FUNDING AMERICA, inc.

(1)

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)

Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)

Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares (subject to the receipt of appropriate representations and warranties from Holder) shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ________________________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: _________________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________

DOCPROPERTY DOCXDOCID DMS=NetDocuments Format=<>.<> \* MERGEFORMAT 4921-7393-2549.1

Date: ____________________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

Phone Number:

Email Address: 

(Please Print)

______________________________________

______________________________________

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lmfa-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

December 8, 2024

Holder of Common Stock Purchase Warrants

Re: Reload Offer of Common Stock Purchase Warrants

To Whom It May Concern:

LM Funding America, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), is pleased to offer to you the opportunity to receive new purchase warrants of the Company in consideration for the full exercise of certain purchase warrants currently held by you (the Holder) as set forth on Annex A hereto (the Existing Warrants). The common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock), underlying the Existing Warrants issued on August 19, 2024 (the Existing Warrant Shares) have been registered for resale pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282023) (the Registration Statement). The Registration Statement is currently effective and, upon exercise of the Existing Warrants, will be effective for the issuance of the Existing Warrant Shares. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Existing Warrants.

In consideration for cash exercising all of the Existing Warrants held by Holder (the Warrant Exercise) on or before 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on December 9, 2024 (the Modified Exercise Price Term), the Company hereby offers to issue to you or your designees a new Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the New Warrants) to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 200% of the number of Existing Warrant Shares issued pursuant to each Warrant Exercise that occurs solely during the Modified Exercise Price Term, which New Warrants shall be in the form set forth on Annex C hereto. The New Warrants will be exercisable at any time after the date of this letter agreement, have a term of exercise of five (5) years after the date of this letter agreement, and have an exercise price equal to $2.95 (the Nasdaq Minimum Price (as defined in the Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d)) at the time of exercise), and will be in the form set forth on Annex C hereto. The original New Warrant certificates will be delivered within five (5) Business Days following each Warrant Exercise pursuant to this letter agreement (or a pdf copy of such New Warrant certificates maybe delivered to you by email). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event the Warrant Exercise would otherwise cause the Holder to exceed the Beneficial Ownership Limitation set forth in Section 2(e) of the Existing Warrants, as amended by this letter agreement, the Company shall only issue such number of Existing Warrant Shares to the Holder that would not cause the Holder to exceed the maximum number of Existing Warrant Shares permitted thereunder with the balance to be held in abeyance until notice from the Holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations, which abeyance shall be evidenced through the Existing Warrant which shall be deemed prepaid thereafter, and exercised pursuant to a Notice of Exercise in the Existing Warrant (provided no additional exercise price shall be payable).

The Holder may accept this offer by signing this letter below, with such acceptance constituting the Holders deemed exercise of the number of Existing Warrants as set forth on the Holders signature page attached hereto for an aggregate exercise price as set forth on the Holders signature page hereto (the Aggregate Exercise Price), and delivery of the Aggregate Exercise Price in readily available funds to the Company on or before 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on December 9, 2024.

Additionally, the Company agrees to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth on Annex A attached hereto. The Holder represents and warrants (i) that, as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it exercises any New Warrants it will be, an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of the

Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and agrees that the New Warrants and the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will contain restrictive legends when issued, and neither the New Warrants nor the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be registered under the Securities Act, except as provided in Annex B attached hereto, and (ii) that the New Warrants and the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants will be acquired for such Holders own account, not as nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act.

If this offer is accepted and this letter agreement is executed by Holder and delivered to the Company on or before 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on December 9, 2024, the Company shall issue a press release disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder (the Press Release) on or before 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on December 9, 2024. In addition, the Company shall timely file a Report on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder, including this letter agreement as an exhibit thereto. Upon the release of the Press Release, the Company represents to the Holder that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to the Holder by the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. In addition, effective upon the release of the Press Release , the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company or any of its officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and the Holder or any of its Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate.

The Company represents, warrants and covenants that, upon this letter agreement being executed by Holder and delivered to the Company on or before 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on December 9, 2024, all of the Existing Warrant Shares being exercised shall be delivered electronically through the Depository Trust Company within one (1) Trading Day of the date the Company receives the Aggregate Exercise Price (or, with respect to Common Stock that would otherwise be in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, within one (1) Business Day of the date the Company is notified by Holder that its ownership is less than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). Except as set forth herein, the terms of the Existing Warrants, including but not limited to the obligations to deliver the Existing Warrant Shares, shall remain in effect as if the acceptance of this offer was a formal exercise notice under the Existing Warrants.

The Company and the Holder confirm that the Holder has independently participated in the negotiation of the transactions contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors.

The Holder acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the public filings made by the Company with the Commission and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and the merits and risks of investing in the Companys securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement; provided, however, that the Company shall pay the reasonable legal fees of Pryor Cashman LLP, outside counsel for the placement agent, in an amount not to exceed $15,000 in the aggregate. The Company shall pay all transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Existing Warrant Shares.

This letter agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

***************

To accept this offer, Holder must counter execute this letter agreement and return the fully executed letter agreement to the Company at e-mail: bruce@lmfunding.com, attention: Chief Executive Officer, on or before 9:00 am (New York City time) on December 9, 2024.

Please do not hesitate to call me if you have any questions.

Sincerely yours,

LM FUNDING AMERICA, INC.

By:

Name:

Title:

Accepted and Agreed to:

Name of Holder:_________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Holder:

Name of Authorized Signatory: ___________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________

Existing Warrant Shares: 

Number of Existing Warrants being exercised contemporaneously with signing this letter:

Aggregate Exercise Price of the Existing Warrants being exercised contemporaneously with signing this letter: $

New Warrant Shares: ______________

New Warrant Purchase Price: $__________________

Beneficial Ownership Limitation New Warrant: 4.99%

Address for Delivery of New Warrant: _________________________________________

DTC Instructions:

The Existing Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

Broker Name: 

Broker DTC DWAC #: 

Broker Contact: 

Account #: 

ANNEX A

Existing Warrants

Transaction/Warrant Date 

Shares 

Strike Price 

Series A Warrant, issued on 8-19-2024 

868,185 

$2.98 

Series B Warrant, issued on 8-19-2024 

868,185 

$2.98 

ANNEX B

Representations, Warranties and Covenants

Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Holder and agrees to the following covenants:

(a) Registration Statement. The Existing Warrant Shares are registered for resale on the Registration Statements and the Company knows of no reason why such Registration Statements shall not remain effective for the foreseeable future.

(b) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company will have the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this letter agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby will be duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its board of directors or its shareholders in connection therewith. This letter agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys Memorandum of Association, Articles of Association or other organizational or charter documents; or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company in connection with, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any material agreement, credit facility, debt or other material instrument (evidencing Company debt or otherwise) or other material understanding to which such Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, other than for which a waiver has been obtained by the Company; or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as would not have or reasonably be expected to result in (x) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, (y) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (z) a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under this Agreement.

(d) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this agreement, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to this agreement, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the New Warrants and the listing of the underlying shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and

(iii) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws(collectively, the Required Approvals).

(e) Offering Generally. The transactions contemplated under this letter agreement, comply with all rules of the Trading Market. No registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the New Warrants by the Company as contemplated hereby. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the offering of the New Warrants to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(f) Issuance of the New Warrants. The issuance of the New Warrants is duly authorized and, upon and subject to the undersigneds execution of this letter agreement anddelivery to the Company on or before 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on December 9, 2024, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens imposed by the Company, and the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrant (the New Warrant Shares), when issued in accordance with the terms of the New Warrant, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all liens imposed by the Company. The Company has reserved or will promptly reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance of the New Warrant Shares in full.

(g) Legends and Transfer Restrictions.

(i) The New Warrant and New Warrant Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of New Warrant or New Warrant Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of the undersigned or in connection with a pledge, the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred New Warrant and New Warrant Shares under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this letter agreement.

(ii) The undersigned agrees to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section (g), of a legend on any of the New Warrant and New Warrant Shares in the following form:

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the New Warrant to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the provisions of this letter agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, the undersigned may transfer pledged or secured New Warrant to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the undersigneds expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of New Warrant may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the New Warrant or New Warrant Shares.

(iii) Certificates evidencing the New Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section (g)(ii) hereof), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such New Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144, (iii) if such New Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to its transfer agent (if required by the transfer agent) and the undersigned (if requested by the undersigned) in connection with the permitted removal of the legend hereunder. If all or any portion of a New Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the New Warrant Shares, or if such New Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such New Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such New Warrant Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section (g), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by the undersigned to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to the undersigned a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the transfer agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section (g). Certificates for New Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the transfer agent to the undersigned by crediting the account of the undersigneds prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by the undersigned. Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Warrant Shares issued with a restrictive legend.

(iv) In addition to such undersigneds other available remedies, the Company shall pay to the undersigned, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of New Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section (g)(iii), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date

until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the undersigned by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such undersigned that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such undersigned purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such undersigned of all or any portion of the number of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such undersigned anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such undersigneds total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of New Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to such undersigned by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such undersigned to the Company of the applicable New Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this clause (ii).

(i) Listing of Common Stock. The Company shall apply to list or quote all of the New Warrant Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market and use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly secure the listing of all of the New Warrant Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market.

(j) Resale Registration Statement. As soon as practicable (and in any event within thirty (30) calendar days of the date of this letter agreement), the Company shall file a registration statement on Form S-3 providing for the resale by the Holder of the New Warrant Shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants; provided that each Holder shall have furnished in writing to the Company such other information regarding itself, the securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the securities held by it, as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of such registrable securities. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration to become effective on or prior to the 60th calendar day after the date of this letter agreement and to keep such registration statement effective at all times until the earlier of (i) Holder not owning any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof and (ii) the New Warrant Shares becoming eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and reasonably acceptable to Holder, assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any affiliate of the Company, as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

(k) Subsequent Equity Sales.

(1) From the date hereof until sixty (60) days after the date of this letter agreement, neither the Company nor any subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue, or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (ii) file or amend any registration statement or prospectus, other than as necessary to register or maintain the registration of the Securities governed by this letter agreement.

(2) From the date hereof until six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate

Transaction. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries which entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock, but excluding in each case described in clauses (A) and (B), such formulations reflecting customary adjustment provisions (such as share splits, share combinations, share dividends and similar customary adjustments, or customary full ratchet or weighted-average price-based anti-dilution adjustments) or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price, regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, after sixty (60) days following the Closing Date, the Company shall be permitted to enter into and effect sales under an at-the-market offering facility with the Placement Agent. For clarity, if the Company in any manner issues or sells or enters into any agreement to issue or sell, any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at a fixed price (and in the case of options or convertible securities, the exercise price or conversion price is also set at a fixed price), which may include customary adjustments for share splits, share combinations, share dividends and similar customary adjustments, or customary full ratchet or weighted-average price-based anti-dilution adjustments) any such securities shall not be deemed to involve a Variable Rate Transaction for any purpose hereunder.

(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance (as defined in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2024, between the Company and the Holder) , except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance.

ANNEX C

Form of New Warrant

[see attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lmfa-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

LM Funding America Enters Into Warrant Exercise Transaction for Gross Proceeds of $5.1 Million

TAMPA, FL, December 9, 2024 -- LM Funding America, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMFA) (LM Funding or the Company), a cryptocurrency mining and technology-based specialty finance company, announced today that it has entered into a warrant exercise agreement with a single institutional investor that is an existing holder of its common stock warrants wherein the investor agreed to exercise 1,736,370 outstanding common stock warrants (the Existing Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 1,736,370 shares of common stock for cash at the exercise price of $2.98 per share. The Existing Warrants were previously issued in a private placement which closed in August 2024. In consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants, the exercising holder received new unregistered common stock warrants (the New Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of 3,472,740 shares of common stock. The New Warrants will have an exercise price of $2.95 per share and will be immediately exercisable for a period of five years from the issuance date.

The gross proceeds of the exercise of the Existing Warrants to the Company, before deducting estimated expenses and fees, are expected to be approximately $5.1 million.

Maxim Group LLC is acting as warrant inducement agent and financial advisor in connection with the transaction.

The New Warrants described above were offered in a private placement pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, along with the shares of common stock issuable upon their exercise, have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. The securities were offered only to accredited investors. The Company has agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sales of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale, would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

About LM Funding America

LM Funding America, Inc., (Nasdaq: LMFA) together with its subsidiaries, is a cryptocurrency mining business that commenced Bitcoin mining operations in September 2022. The Company also operates a technology-based specialty finance company that provides funding to nonprofit community associations (Associations) primarily located in the state of Florida, as well as in the states of Washington, Colorado,

and Illinois, by funding a certain portion of the Associations' rights to delinquent accounts that are selected by the Associations arising from unpaid Association assessments.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release of LM Funding America, Inc. (the Company) may contain forward-looking statements made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, and project and other similar words and expressions are intended to signify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guaranties of future results and conditions but rather are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Some of these risks and uncertainties are identified in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, uncertainty created by the risks of associated with operating in the cryptocurrency mining business, uncertainty in the cryptocurrency mining business in general, problems with hosting vendors in the mining business, the capacity of the Companys Bitcoin mining machines and its related ability to purchase power at reasonable prices, the ability of the Company to finance and grow its cryptocurrency mining operations, its ability to acquire new accounts in its specialty finance business at appropriate prices, the potential need for additional capital in the future, changes in governmental regulations that affect the Companys ability to collected sufficient amounts on defaulted consumer receivables, changes in the credit or capital markets, changes in interest rates, and negative press regarding the debt collection industry. The occurrence of any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of its date. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Contacts:

Crescendo Communications, LLC

Tel: (212) 671-1021

Email: LMFA@crescendo-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lmfa-ex99_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

LM Funding America, Inc. Closes Purchase of 15MW Mining Site

Tampa, FL, December 9,2024 LM Funding America, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMFA) (LM Funding or the Company), a cryptocurrency mining and technology-based specialty finance company, today announced the acquisition of the business assets of a 15 MW mining site in Oklahoma from Tech Infrastructure JV I LLC (JV), a joint venture majority-owned by Arthur Inc., for $7.3 million.

We are thrilled to have acquired this site with 60MW of mining potential through a series of financings to the JV, said Bruce M. Rodgers, Chairman and CEO of LM Funding. The financing terms allowed us to operate approximately 2,880 S19J Pros using $0.04/kwh power at the site since June 2024.This transaction is in furtherance of our previously disclosed transition from an infrastructure light mining model with minimal infrastructure investments to a vertically integrated mining model. We now may be able to potentially expand our mining operations at this site by an additional 60MW with power at this price or better.

LM Funding initially financed the JVs site development with loans and accrued interest totaling $3.8 million. At closing of the acquisition of the assets of the site, LM Funding applied this credit to the purchase price and paid approximately $1 million in cash to the JV. LM Funding escrowed an additional $2.5 million of the purchase price to ensure the continuing obligations of the JV under the purchase agreement, including the January 10, 2025, exit of a third-party miner using 5MW at the site. The land on which the mining facility is located is leased from a third-party under a 5-year ground lease, and as a part of the transaction, the Company acquired an option to purchase the underlying land from the third-party landlord. LM Funding expects to utilize the full 15MW of $0.04 power for its current mining fleet.

We have enjoyed working with our counterparties on this transaction and were able to monitor the site's development as a tenant and secured creditor, said Ryan Duran, President of LM Fundings US Digital Mining & Hosting Co. subsidiary. The company plans to continue collaboration with the existing management team at the site to maintain operational efficiency.

With the recently announced $5.1 million warrant exercise, the Company will be able to utilize these funds to purchase more efficient miners for this site and acquire other mining sites, said Richard Russell, CFO of LM Funding.

In Q1 2025, LM Funding is expected to have 562 petahash combined mining capacity at the Oklahoma site, which is in addition to a hosted site with Core Scientific in Kentucky.

About LM Funding America

LM Funding America, Inc. (Nasdaq: LMFA), together with its subsidiaries, is a cryptocurrency mining business that commenced Bitcoin mining operations in September 2022. The Company also operates a technology-based specialty finance company that provides funding to nonprofit community associations (Associations) primarily located in the state of Florida, as well as in the states of Washington, Colorado,

and Illinois, by funding a certain portion of the Associations' rights to delinquent accounts that are selected by the Associations arising from unpaid Association assessments.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, and project and other similar words and expressions are intended to signify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guaranties of future results and conditions but rather are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Some of these risks and uncertainties are identified in the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other filings with the SEC, which are available at www.sec.gov. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation the risk that the expected benefits from the above-described acquisition to the Company will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time periods, the risks of operating in the cryptocurrency mining business, uncertainty in the cryptocurrency mining business in general, problems with hosting vendors in the mining business, the capacity of our Bitcoin mining machines and our related ability to purchase power at reasonable prices, the ability to finance our planned cryptocurrency mining operations, our ability to acquire new accounts in our specialty finance business at appropriate prices, the potential need for additional capital in the future, changes in governmental regulations that affect our ability to collect sufficient amounts on defaulted consumer receivables, changes in the credit or capital markets, changes in interest rates, negative press regarding the debt collection industry, and the risk of pandemics such as the COVID-10 pandemic. The occurrence of any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Contact :

Crescendo Communications, LLC

Tel : (212) 671-1021

Email: LMFA@crescendo-ir.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>img17863145_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>img18786666_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lmfa-20241206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Description 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document And Entity Information

Dec. 06, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Document Period End Date Dec. 06, 2024

Entity Registrant Name LM FUNDING AMERICA, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001640384

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-37605

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-3844457

Entity Address, Address Line One 1200 West Platt Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 100

Entity Address, City or Town Tampa

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33606

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 222-8996

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol LMFA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Amendment Description This Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (this Amendment) amends the Current Report on Form 8-K originally filed by the Company (as defined below) on December 9, 2024 (the Original Form 8-K). This Amendment is being filed solely to (i) add Item 1.01 (Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement) to the filing, as such section was inadvertently omitted from the Original Form 8-K, and (ii) correct the Date of Report on the cover page to the filing to the date of the earliest event reported, which was December 6, 2024. This Amendment does not otherwise change or update any of the other disclosure set forth in the Original Form 8-K and does not otherwise reflect events occurring after the Original Form 8-K. Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementOn December 8, 2024, LM Funding America, Inc. (the Company) entered into a warrant exercise agreement (the Warrant Exercise Agreement) with an existing accredited investor (the Investor) to exercise certain outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,736,370 shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), originally issued to the Investor on August 19, 2024, having an original exercise price of $2.98 per share (the Existing Warrants). The offer and resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants was registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282023). In consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants, the exercising holder received new unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,472,740 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the New Warrants). The New Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Existing Warrants, are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $2.95 per share (the applicable Nasdaq Minimum Price), and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company agreed to file a resale registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 30 calendar days) after the date of the Warrant Exercise Agreement, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have such resale registration statement declared effective by the SEC within 60 calendar days following the date of the Warrant Exercise Agreement. The New Warrants include a beneficial ownership limitation that prevents the investor from owning more than 4.99% of the Companys outstanding common stock at any time (which may be increased by the investor to no more than 9.99%). The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants was approximately $5.1 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The closing of the offering occurred on December 9, 2024. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. Maxim Group LLC (Maxim) acted as the financial advisor to the Company pursuant to a letter agreement between the Company and Maxim, dated December 8, 2024. As compensation for such services, the Company agreed to pay Maxim an aggregate cash fee equal to 6.0% of the total proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants.The foregoing descriptions of the Warrant Exercise Agreement and the New Warrants are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Warrant Exercise Agreement and the form of New Warrant, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.lmfunding.com/20241206/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lmfa-20241206.htm 
lmfa-20241206.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-004240-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>lmfa-20241206_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001640384 

2024-12-06 
2024-12-06 

true 
0001640384 
8-K/A 
2024-12-06 
LM FUNDING AMERICA, INC. 
DE 
001-37605 
47-3844457 
1200 West Platt Street 
Suite 100 
Tampa 
FL 
33606 
813 
222-8996 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock par value $0.001 per share 
LMFA 
NASDAQ 
false 
This Amendment No. 1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (this Amendment) amends the Current Report on Form 8-K originally filed by the Company (as defined below) on December 9, 2024 (the Original Form 8-K). This Amendment is being filed solely to (i) add Item 1.01 (Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement) to the filing, as such section was inadvertently omitted from the Original Form 8-K, and (ii) correct the Date of Report on the cover page to the filing to the date of the earliest event reported, which was December 6, 2024. This Amendment does not otherwise change or update any of the other disclosure set forth in the Original Form 8-K and does not otherwise reflect events occurring after the Original Form 8-K. Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementOn December 8, 2024, LM Funding America, Inc. (the Company) entered into a warrant exercise agreement (the Warrant Exercise Agreement) with an existing accredited investor (the Investor) to exercise certain outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,736,370 shares of the Companys common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), originally issued to the Investor on August 19, 2024, having an original exercise price of $2.98 per share (the Existing Warrants). The offer and resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants was registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282023). In consideration for the immediate exercise of the Existing Warrants, the exercising holder received new unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,472,740 shares of the Companys Common Stock (the New Warrants). The New Warrants have substantially the same terms as the Existing Warrants, are immediately exercisable at an exercise price of $2.95 per share (the applicable Nasdaq Minimum Price), and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company agreed to file a resale registration statement covering the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within 30 calendar days) after the date of the Warrant Exercise Agreement, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have such resale registration statement declared effective by the SEC within 60 calendar days following the date of the Warrant Exercise Agreement. The New Warrants include a beneficial ownership limitation that prevents the investor from owning more than 4.99% of the Companys outstanding common stock at any time (which may be increased by the investor to no more than 9.99%). The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants was approximately $5.1 million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The closing of the offering occurred on December 9, 2024. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. Maxim Group LLC (Maxim) acted as the financial advisor to the Company pursuant to a letter agreement between the Company and Maxim, dated December 8, 2024. As compensation for such services, the Company agreed to pay Maxim an aggregate cash fee equal to 6.0% of the total proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the Existing Warrants.The foregoing descriptions of the Warrant Exercise Agreement and the New Warrants are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Warrant Exercise Agreement and the form of New Warrant, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1 and 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>