<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000711669-25-000004.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0000711669-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122163009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000711669-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLONY BANKCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000711669
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				581492391
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42397
		FILM NUMBER:		25546298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 SOUTH GRANT STREET
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			FITZGERALD
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31750
		BUSINESS PHONE:		229-426-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 SOUTH GRANT STREET
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			FITZGERALD
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			31750
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cban-20250122.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cban-20250122

0000711669FALSE00007116692025-01-222025-01-22

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 22, 2025

COLONY BANKCORP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Georgia 001-42397 58-1492391

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

115 South Grant Street, Fitzgerald, Georgia31750

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(229) 426-6000

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $1.00 per share CBAN The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02. Results of Operation and Financial Condition

On January 22, 2025, Colony Bankcorp, Inc. issued a press release announcing its consolidated financial results for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024, as well as the announcement of a regular quarterly cash dividend. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 19, 2025, Colony Bank (Bank), a Georgia Bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of Colony Bankcorp, Inc. (the Holding Company and, together with the Bank, the Company), entered into an employment agreement with Leonard Bateman, Jr. (Employee), to continue as the Chief Credit Officer of both the Holding Company and the Bank (the Employment Agreement). Below is a summary of the material terms of the Employment Agreement.

The Employment Agreement is effective as of January 19, 2025, at which time Mr. Batemans prior employment agreement dated January 19, 2023, will expire. The Employment Agreement has a two-year term and provides for an annual base salary of $255,000 per year. Mr. Bateman will have an opportunity to receive an annual bonus based upon the achievement of performance goals established from year to year by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Bateman will also have an opportunity to participate in the Banks benefits plans available to other similarly-situated Company employees, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans, and he will be eligible for PTO and holidays consistent with the Banks policies.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if a change in control of the Company occurs during the term of the Employment Agreement and, within twelve months following such change in control, the Company terminates Mr. Batemans employment other than for cause or disability or Mr. Bateman resigns for good reason (as such terms are defined in the Employment Agreement), then the Bank will pay to Mr. Bateman an amount equal to one and one-half (1.5) times the sum of Mr. Batemans then-current base salary plus an amount equal to the annual bonus paid in the prior calendar year, payable in a single lump sum within 30 days following his termination, subject to Mr. Batemans compliance with certain restrictive covenants and execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims against the Company.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if the Company terminates Mr. Batemans employment other than for cause or disability or Mr. Bateman resigns for good reason prior to a change in control or more than twelve (12) months following a change in control, then the Bank will pay to Mr. Bateman an amount equal to one times Mr. Batemans then-current base salary, payable in equal installments over twelve months in accordance with current payroll policies following his termination, subject to Mr. Batemans compliance with certain restrictive covenants and execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims against the Company.

The Employment Agreement contains certain non-competition and employee and customer non-solicitation covenants that apply during his employment with the Bank and for 12 months following his termination of employment.

The foregoing summary of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01.Regulation FD Disclosure

The Company is furnishing a copy of its most recent investor presentation, which it intends to use in connection with certain community group presentations. A copy of the presentation materials to be used by the Company is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company will also host an investor earnings call at 9:00 a.m. EST on Thursday, January 23, 2025.

In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement between Colony Bankcorp, Inc. and Leonard Bateman, Jr.

99.1 

Colony Bankcorp, Inc., press release dated January 22, 2025

99.2 

Investor Presentation dated January 22, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline

XBRL document.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

COLONY BANKCORP, INC.

Date: January 22, 2025 By: /s/ Derek Shelnutt 

Derek Shelnutt

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit1018kempagmt-bateman.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of this 19th day of January, 2025 (the Effective Date), is by and between Colony Bank (Employer), a Georgia Bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of Colony Bankcorp, Inc. (the Holding Company) and Leonard Bateman, Jr. (Employee), a resident of the State of Georgia (collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, Employee is currently engaged as the Chief Credit Officer of both the Holding Company and Employer;

WHEREAS, the Holding Company, Employer and Employee desire to enter an employment agreement to memorialize the terms of Employees employment; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, Employer and Employee hereby agree as follows:

1. 

Employment.

(a) Agreement to Employ. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, Employer hereby agrees to employ Employee and Employee hereby agrees to be employed with Employer as of the Effective Date.

(b) Term of Agreement. The term of this Agreement and Employees employment with Employer hereunder shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Date (the Term), unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 4 below. Continued employment following the end of this Agreement shall be on an at will basis, unless such term of employment is extended by a subsequent agreement duly executed by each of the parties to this Employment Agreement, in which case such employment shall be subject to the terms and conditions contained in the subsequent written agreement.

2. 

Position; Extent of Service; Office Location.

(a) Position. During the Term, Employee shall serve as Chief Credit Officer of Employer and the Holding Company, and in such other position or positions with Employer and/or the Holding Company as may be reasonably delegated by the Chief Executive Officer of Employer. 

(b) Extent of Service. During the Term, Employee shall (i) use Employees reasonable best efforts, judgment, skill and energy to perform the services required of Employees under this Agreement in a manner consonant with the duties of Employees position; (ii) devote substantially all of Employees business effort, time, energy, and skill (reasonable vacations and reasonable absences due to illness excepted) to fulfill Employees employment duties; (iii) faithfully, loyally and diligently perform such duties, subject to the control and supervision of the Chief Executive Officer of Employer; and (iv) diligently follow and implement all lawful management policies and decisions of the Chief Executive Officer of Employer that are communicated to Employee.

Exhibit 10.1

(c) Office Location. Employee shall maintain an office at the Employers office in Lagrange, Georgia, or at one of the Employers other offices or Remote as determined by mutual agreement between Employee and the Chief Executive Officer of Employer. In addition, Employee from time-to time may be required to travel to other geographic locations in connection with the performance of Employees duties.

3. 

Compensation and Benefits.

(a) Base Salary. During the Term, Employer shall pay to Employee base salary at the rate of Two Hundred Fifty-Five Thousand Dollars and Zero Cents ($255,000) per year (Base Salary), subject to applicable withholdings required by law or authorized by Employee. Employees Base Salary will be paid in accordance with Employers ordinary payroll policies and practices then in effect. Employees Base Salary is subject to review annually by the Chief Executive Officer of Employer and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Employer (the Bank Board) and the Board of Directors of the Holding Company (the Holding Company Board) in connection with the annual performance review process.

(b) Bonus Plans. During the Term, Employee shall have an opportunity to receive an annual bonus based upon the achievement of performance goals established from year to year by the Compensation Committee of the Bank Board (the Annual Bonus) and the Compensation Committee of the Holding Company Board, pursuant to the terms and conditions of Employers standard cash incentive plan for peer executives. If Employee is terminated by Employer without Cause or resigns for Good Reason, the Employee will be considered to have earned the Annual Bonus if he/she is employed through the end of the year to which the Annual Bonus refers. Employer shall pay the Employee the Annual Bonus, if any, no later than March 15 of the following year in which it is earned.

(c) Benefit Plans. During the Term, Employee shall be eligible to participate in each employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by Employer, including, without limitation, each medical, dental, group life, accident or disability insurance, and retirement contribution matching, in each case, whether now existing or established hereafter, to the extent that Employee is eligible to participate in any such plan under the generally applicable provisions thereof. Nothing in this Agreement shall require Employer to create or maintain any employee benefit plans, nor shall anything in this Agreement prohibit Employer from changing or discontinuing any existing employee benefit plans. 

(d) PTO and Holidays. During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to up to twenty-seven (27) days of paid-time off (PTO), plus holidays offered consistent with Employer policy. Unused PTO shall be treated in accordance with Employer policy.

(e) Reimbursement of Expenses. During the Term, Employer shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Employee on behalf of Employer in the ordinary course of business, in accordance with Employers then current reimbursement procedures. 

Exhibit 10.1

(f) Terms Regarding Reimbursement of Expenses. If Employee is entitled to be paid or reimbursed for any taxable expenses under this Agreement, and such payments or reimbursements are includible in Employees federal gross taxable income, the amount of such expenses reimbursable in any one calendar year shall not affect the amount reimbursable in any other calendar year, and the reimbursement of an eligible expense must be made no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense was incurred. No right of Employee to reimbursement of expenses shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

4. Termination of Employment. This Agreement and Employees employment with Employer may be terminated as follows:

(a) Death. Employees employment and this Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the death of Employee.

(b) Disability. If Employee is incapacitated by accident, sickness or otherwise so as to render Employees mentally or physically incapable of performing fully the services required of Employees under this Agreement (referred to herein as a Disability) for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days or for an aggregate of one hundred twenty (120) business days during any twelve (12) month period, Employer may terminate Employees employment and this Agreement effective immediately after the expiration of either of such periods, upon giving Employee written notice of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if it is determined by Employer that Employee has a disability as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act, Employees employment shall not be terminated on the basis of such disability unless it is first determined by Employer after consultation with Employee that there is no reasonable accommodation which would permit Employee to perform the essential functions of Employees position without imposing an undue hardship on Employer.

(c) By Employer. Employer may terminate Employees employment and this Agreement with or without Cause immediately on written notice to Employee. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean a good faith determination by Employer that any of the following has occurred: (i) any intentional misconduct by Employee in connection with Employers business or relating to Employees duties, or any willful violation of any laws, rules or regulations applicable to banks or the banking industry generally (including but not limited to the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC), the State of Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, or any other applicable regulatory authority); (ii) Employees material failure to comply with Employers policies or guidelines of employment or corporate governance policies or guidelines, including, without limitation, any business code of ethics adopted by Employer; (iii) any act of fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement by Employee, whether or not such act was committed in connection with the business of Employer; (iv) a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a breach of any of the obligations set forth in Section 6 hereof, that, if such breach is capable of being cured, is not cured by Employee within ten (10) days of written notice by Employer of the breach; or (v) the conviction by Employee of, or Employees pleading guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude (including pleading guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or lesser charge which results from plea bargaining), whether or not such felony, crime or lesser offense is connected with the business of Employer.

Exhibit 10.1

(d) By Employee. Employees employment and this Agreement may be terminated by Employee for any reason or with Good Reason (as defined herein) by delivering a written notice of termination to Employer thirty (30) days prior to the desired date of termination (with the thirty (30) day period to be referred to as the Notice Period). During the Notice Period, and at the sole discretion of Employer, Employee may be required to assist Employer with identifying a successor and in transitioning Employees duties and responsibilities to that successor. Moreover, during the Notice Period, and at the sole discretion of Employer, Employee may be relieved of all duties and/or prohibited from physically working at the offices of Employer. A termination by Employee shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless Employee shall first have delivered to Employer written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than sixty (60) days after the initial occurrence of such event) (the Good Reason Notice), and Employer has not taken action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by Employee within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such Good Reason Notice. Good Reason shall not include Employees death or Disability. Employees date of termination for Good Reason must occur within a period of one hundred twenty (120) days after the occurrence of an event of Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any of the following, without Employees consent: (i) a material diminution in Employees Base Salary (other than an across-the-board reduction in base salary that affects all peer executives); (ii) a material diminution in Employees authority, duties, or responsibilities; or (iii) the relocation of Employees principal office to a location that is more than thirty-five (35) miles from Employers principal offices in Fitzgerald, Georgia or Employees principal office if other than Fitzgerald, Georgia; provided, however, that Good Reason shall not include any relocation of Employees principal office which is proposed or initiated by Employee.

(e) By Written Agreement. The Parties may agree in writing to terminate Employees employment with Employer and this Agreement on the terms set forth in such writing.

5. 

Obligations Upon Termination.

(a) Termination for Any Reason. If this Agreement and Employees employment with Employer are terminated for any reason, Employer shall be obligated to pay to Employee (or, in the case of a termination under Section 4(a), Employees estate) only: (i) any Base Salary already earned but unpaid (which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash within thirty (30) days after Employees date of termination); and (ii) to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which Employee is eligible to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of Employer (collectively, the Accrued Obligations).

(b) Termination by Employer Without Cause; Resignation by Employee for Good Reason.During the Term, if Employer terminates Employees employment and this Agreement other than for Cause or Disability or Employee terminates Employees employment and this Agreement for Good Reason (each, a Qualifying Termination), then, in addition to the Accrued Obligations, Employer shall pay to Employee:

Exhibit 10.1

(i)if the Qualifying Termination occurs prior to a Change in Control (as defined in this Section 5) or more than twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, an amount equal to one (1) times Employees then-current Base Salary, subject to applicable withholding and payable in approximately equal installments for a period of twelve (12) months (the Non-CIC Severance Period) in accordance with Employers ordinary payroll policies and practices then in effect, with such payments commencing with Employers first regular payroll that occurs after the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of termination and continuing for the Non-CIC Severance Period; provided that the first such payment shall consist of all amounts payable to Employee pursuant to this Section 5(b)(i) between the date of termination and the first payroll date to occur after the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of termination; or 

(ii)if the Qualifying Termination occurs within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, an amount equal to one and one-half (1.5) times the sum of (x) Employees then-current Base Salary plus (y) an amount equal to the annual bonus paid by Employer to Employee with respect to the calendar year immediately preceding the effective date of the Qualifying Termination, subject to applicable withholdings and payable in a single lump sum within thirty (30) days following the Qualifying Termination date (the amounts described in (i) and (ii) herein referred to herein collectively as the Severance). 

The Severance shall be subject to Employees continued compliance in all material respects with Section 6 hereof and the execution, delivery, and non-revocation of a separation agreement and general release (other than of Employers obligations under this Agreement), in form reasonably acceptable to Employer (the Release).

(c) Termination Other than by Reason of a Qualifying Termination. If this Agreement and Employees employment terminates other than by reason of a Qualifying Termination, Employer shall be obligated to pay to Employee only the Accrued Obligations and shall have no further obligations to Employee.

(d) Termination upon Expiration of the Term. If this Agreement and Employees employment with Employer terminate as a result of the expiration of the Term, Employer shall be obligated to pay to Employee only the Accrued Obligations and shall have no further obligations to Employee.

(e) Survival of Restrictions on Conduct of Employee. The provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement, as well as any other terms of this Agreement necessary for the interpretation of Section 6, shall survive termination of the Agreement pursuant to the time periods specified therein.

(f) Definition of Change in Control. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control means and includes the occurrence of any one of the following events but shall specifically exclude a public offering of any class or series of the Holding Companys equity securities pursuant to a registration statement filed by the Holding Company under the Securities Act of 1933:

(i) during any consecutive 12-month period, individuals who, at the beginning of such period, constitute the Holding Company Board (the Incumbent Directors) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of such Board, provided that any person 

Exhibit 10.1

becoming a director after the beginning of such 12-month period and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Holding Company Board shall be an Incumbent Director; provided, however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Holding Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors (Election Contest) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any Person other than the Holding Company Board (Proxy Contest), including by reason of any agreement intended to avoid or settle any Election Contest or Proxy Contest, shall be deemed an Incumbent Director; or

(ii) any person becomes a Beneficial Owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of either (A) 50% or more of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Holding Company (Holding Company Common Stock) or (B) securities of the Holding Company representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the Holding Companys then outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of directors (the Holding Company Voting Securities); provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (ii), the following acquisitions of Holding Company Common Stock or Holding Company Voting Securities shall not constitute a Change in Control: (w) an acquisition directly from the Holding Company, (x) an acquisition by the Holding Company or a Subsidiary, (y) an acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Holding Company or any Subsidiary, or (z) an acquisition pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in subsection (iii) below); or

(iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of corporate transaction involving the Holding Company or a Subsidiary (a Reorganization), or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Holding Companys assets (a Sale) or the acquisition of assets or stock of another corporation or other entity (an Acquisition), unless immediately following such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition: (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the outstanding Holding Company Common Stock and outstanding Holding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Holding Company or all or substantially all of the Holding Companys assets or stock either directly or through one or more subsidiaries, the Surviving Entity) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition, of the outstanding Holding Company Common Stock and the outstanding Holding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (B) no person (other than (x) the Holding Company or any Subsidiary, (y) the Surviving Entity or its ultimate parent entity, or (z) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by any of the foregoing) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the total common stock or 50% or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Entity, and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Surviving Entity were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Boards approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (any Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition which 

Exhibit 10.1

satisfies all of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) above shall be deemed to be a Non-Qualifying Transaction).

6. 

Restrictions on Conduct of Employee.

(a) Acknowledgments.

(i) Condition of Employment and Other Consideration. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee has received good and valuable consideration for entering into this Agreement, including, without limitation, access to and use of Employers Confidential Information and access to Employers customer and employee relationships and goodwill, and further acknowledges that Employer would not employ or continue to employ Employee in the absence of Employees execution of and compliance with this Agreement.

(ii) Access to Confidential Information, Relationships, and Goodwill. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee is being provided and entrusted with Confidential Information, including highly confidential business information that is subject to extensive measures to maintain its secrecy within Employer, is not known in the trade or disclosed to the public, and would materially harm Employers legitimate business interests if it was disclosed or used in violation of this Agreement. Employee also acknowledges and agrees that Employee is being provided and entrusted with access to Employers customer and employee relationships and goodwill. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that Employer would not provide access to the Confidential Information, customer and employee relationships, and goodwill in the absence of Employees execution of and compliance with this Agreement. Employee further acknowledges and agrees that Employers Confidential Information, customer and employee relationships, and goodwill are valuable assets of Employer and are legitimate business interests that are properly subject to protection through the covenants contained in this Agreement.

(iii) Potential Unfair Competition. Employee acknowledges and agrees that as a result of Employees employment with Employer, Employees knowledge of and access to Confidential Information, and Employees relationships with Employers customers and employees, Employee would have an unfair competitive advantage if Employee were to engage in activities in violation of this Agreement.

(iv) No Undue Hardship. Employee acknowledges and agrees that, in the event that Employees employment with Employer terminates, Employee possesses marketable skills and abilities that will enable Employee to find suitable employment without violating the covenants set forth in this Agreement.

(v) Voluntary Execution. Employee acknowledges and affirms that Employee is executing this Agreement voluntarily, that Employee has read this Agreement carefully and had a full and reasonable opportunity to consider this Agreement (including an opportunity to consult with legal counsel), and that Employee has not been pressured or in any way coerced, threatened or intimidated into signing this Agreement.

Exhibit 10.1

(b) Definitions. The following capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them below, which definitions shall apply to both the singular and the plural forms of such terms:

(i) Competitive Services means the community banking or commercial banking business, including, without limitation, originating, underwriting, closing and selling loans, receiving deposits and otherwise engaging in the business of banking, as well as the business of providing any other activities, products, or services of the type conducted, authorized, offered, or provided by Employer as of Employees Termination Date, or during the two (2) years immediately prior to Employees Termination Date.

(ii) Confidential Information means any and all data and information relating to Employer, or their respective activities, business, customers, or clients that (i) is disclosed to Employee or of which Employee becomes aware as a consequence of Employees employment with Employer; (ii) has value to Employer; and (iii) is not generally known outside of Employer. Confidential Information shall include, but is not limited to the following types of information regarding, related to, or concerning Employer: trade secrets (as defined by O.C.G.A. 10-1-761); financial plans and data; management planning information; business plans; operational methods; market studies; marketing plans or strategies; pricing information; product development techniques or plans; customer or customer lists; customer or customer files, data and financial information; details of customer or customer contracts; current and anticipated customer or customer requirements; identifying and other information pertaining to business referral sources; past, current and planned research and development; computer aided systems, software, strategies and programs; business acquisition plans; management organization and related information (including, without limitation, data and other information concerning the compensation and benefits paid to officers, directors, employees and management); personnel and compensation policies; new personnel acquisition plans; and other similar information. Confidential Information also includes combinations of information or materials which individually may be generally known outside of Employer, but for which the nature, method, or procedure for combining such information or materials is not generally known outside of Employer. In addition to data and information relating to Employer, Confidential Information also includes any and all data and information relating to or concerning a third party that otherwise meets the definition set forth above, that was provided or made available to Employer by such third party, and that Employer has a duty or obligation to keep confidential. This definition shall not limit any definition of confidential information or any equivalent term under state or federal law. Confidential Information shall not include information that has become generally available to the public by the act of one who has the right to disclose such information without violating any right or privilege of Employer.

(iii) Intellectual Property Rights means all intellectual property rights worldwide arising under statutory or common law or by contract and whether or not perfected, pending, now existing or hereafter filed, issued, or acquired, including all (A) patent rights; (B) rights associated with works of authorship including copyrights and mask work rights; (C) rights relating to the protection of trade secrets and confidential information; (D) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, and trade names; and (E) any right analogous to those set forth herein and any other proprietary rights relating to intangible property.

- 7 -

Exhibit 10.1

(iv) Invention means any discovery, process, formula, method, compound, composition of matter, technique, development, improvement, design, schematic, device, concept, system, technical information, or know-how, whether patentable or not, and any and all patent rights therein, whether now or hereafter perfected and reduced to practice.

(v) Material Contact means contact between Employee and a customer or potential customer of Employer (i) with whom or which Employee has or had dealings on behalf of Employer; (ii) whose dealings with Employer are or were coordinated or supervised by Employee; (iii) about whom Employee obtains Confidential Information in the ordinary course of business as a result of Employees employment with Employer; or (iv) who receives products or services of Employer, the sale or provision of which results or resulted in compensation, commissions, or earnings for Employee within the two (2) years preceding the conduct in question (if the conduct occurs while Employee is still employed by Employer) or the Termination Date (if the conduct occurs after Employees Termination), as applicable.

(vi) Person means any individual or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity or enterprise.

(vii) Principal or Representative means a principal, owner, partner, shareholder, joint venturer, investor, member, trustee, director, officer, manager, employee, agent, representative or consultant.

(viii) Protected Customer means any Person to whom Employer has sold its products or services or actively solicited to sell its products or services, and with whom Employee has had Material Contact on behalf of Employer during the last two years of Employees employment with Employer.

(ix) Protected Work means any and all ideas, Inventions, Works, hardware systems, logos, trade dress, trademarks, service marks, brand names, and trade names (i) conceived, developed or produced by Employee, in whole or in part, alone or by others working with Employee or under Employees direction, during the period of Employees employment which relates to Employers business, (ii) conceived, produced or used or intended for use by or on behalf of Employer or its customers or (iii) conceived, developed or produced by Employee after Employee leaves the employ of Employer that relates to or is based on Confidential Information to which Employee had access by virtue of Employees employment with Employer.

(x) Protective Covenants means the protective covenants contained in Section 6 of this Agreement.

(xi) Restricted Period means any time during Employees employment with Employer, plus twelve (12) months following Employees Termination Date.

(xii) Restricted Territory means anywhere within a fifty (50) mile radius of each of the following: (i) the headquarters of the Holding Company; (ii) the main office of Employer as reported to Employers primary regulatory agency; and (iii) the office location or locations of Employer to which Employee was principally assigned during the one (1) year preceding the conduct in question (if the conduct occurs while Employee is still employed by 

Exhibit 10.1

Employer) or the Termination Date (if the conduct occurs after Employees Termination), as applicable.

(xiii) Subsidiary means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Holding Company.

(xiv) Termination means the termination of Employees employment with Employer, for any reason, whether with or without cause, upon the initiative of either party.

(xv) Termination Date means the date of Employees Termination.

(xvi) Works means any works of authorship, compilations, documents, data, notes, designs, photographs, artwork, drawings, visual or aural works, data bases, computer programs, software (source code and object code), systems, programs, software integration techniques, schematics, flow charts, studies, research, findings, manuals, pamphlets, instructional and training materials and other materials, including, without limitation, any modifications or improvements thereto or derivatives therefrom, and whether or not subject to copyright or trade secret protection.

(c) Restriction on Disclosure and Use of Confidential Information. Employee agrees that Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, use any Confidential Information on Employees own behalf or on behalf of any Person other than Employer, or reveal, divulge, or disclose any Confidential Information to any Person not expressly authorized by Employer to receive such Confidential Information. This obligation shall remain in effect for as long as the information or materials in question retain their status as Confidential Information. Employee further agrees that Employee shall fully cooperate with Employer in maintaining the Confidential Information to the extent permitted by law. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, alter either Employers rights or Employees obligations under any state or federal statutory or common law regarding trade secrets and unfair trade practices. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Employee shall not be restricted from: (i) disclosing information that is required to be disclosed by law, court order or other valid and appropriate legal process; provided, however, that in the event such disclosure is required by law, Employee shall provide Employer with prompt notice of such requirement so that Employer may seek an appropriate protective order prior to any such required disclosure by Employee; (ii) reporting possible violations of federal, state, or local law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, or from making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal, state, or local law or regulation, and Employee shall not need the prior authorization of Employer to make any such reports or disclosures and shall not be required to notify Employer that Employee has made such reports or disclosures; (iii) disclosing a trade secret (as defined by 18 U.S.C. 1839) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, in either event solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (iv) disclosing a trade secret (as defined by 18 U.S.C. 1839) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

(d) Non-Competition. Employee agrees that, during the Restricted Period, Employee will not, without prior written consent of Employer, directly or indirectly, carry on or 

Exhibit 10.1

engage in Competitive Services within the Restricted Territory on Employees own or on behalf of any Person or any Principal or Representative of any Person. 

(e) Non-Solicitation of Protected Customers. Employee agrees that, during the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of Employer, directly or indirectly, on Employees own behalf or as a Principal or Representative of any Person, solicit, divert, take away, or attempt to solicit, divert, or take away a Protected Customer for the purpose of engaging in, providing, or selling Competitive Services. 

(f) Non-Recruitment of Employees and Independent Contractors. Employee agrees that during the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, whether on Employees own behalf or as a Principal or Representative of any Person, recruit, solicit, or induce or attempt to recruit, solicit or induce any employee or independent contractor of Employer to terminate Employees/Employees employment or other relationship with Employer or to enter into employment or any other kind of business relationship with Employee or any other Person. 

(g) Proprietary Rights.

(i) Ownership of Protected Works. Employee acknowledges and agrees that any and all Confidential Information and Protected Works, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, are the sole and exclusive property of Employer, and that no compensation in addition to Employees base salary is due to Employee for development, assignment or transfer of Protected Works. Employee acknowledges and agrees that all Works related to or useful in the business of Employer, whether created within or without Employers facilities and before, during or after normal business hours, are specifically intended to be works made for hire by Employee created within the scope of employment with Employer, and Protected Works. Employee hereby waives any and all moral rights Employee may have to the Works in the United States and all other countries, including, without limitation, any rights Employee may have under 17 U.S.C. 106A.

(ii) Disclosure of Protected Works. Employee will promptly and fully disclose in writing to Employer the existence of any Protected Works and maintain adequate written records of all Protected Works, which records remains the exclusive property of Employer.

(iii) Assignment of Protected Works. Employee hereby assigns and transfers, and agrees to assign and transfer, all of Employees rights, title and interest, as and when those rights arise, in any and all Protected Works, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to Employer. If and to the extent it is impossible as a matter of law to assign rights, including, without limitation, Intellectual Property Rights in any portion of the Protected Works to Employer, Employee hereby grants to Employer an exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide and unlimited right and license (with right to sublicense) to make (including the right to practice methods, processes and procedures), have made, sell, import, export, distribute, use and exploit in any possible ways (including, but not limited to, modify, copy, amend, translate, display, further develop, prepare derivative works of, distribute and sublicense) all Intellectual Property Rights pertaining to the Protected Works, and any portion of it. Employee shall not be entitled to use Protected Works for Employees own 

Exhibit 10.1

benefit or the benefit of anyone, except Employer, without written permission from Employer and then only subject to the terms of such permission. Employee agrees that Employee will not oppose or object in any way to applications for registration of Protected Works by Employer or others designated by Employer. Employee agrees to exercise reasonable care to avoid making Protected Works available to any third party and shall be liable to Employer for all damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, if Protected Works are made available to third parties by Employees, without the express written consent of Employer.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Employee will not be obligated to assign to Employer any Invention or Work for which no equipment, supplies, facilities, or Confidential Information of Employer was used and which was developed entirely on Employees own time, unless (i) the Invention or Work relates (A) directly to the business of Employer, or (B) to Employers actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development; or (ii) the Invention or Work results from any work performed by Employee for Employer. Employee likewise will not be obligated to assign to Employer any Invention or Work that is conceived by Employee after Employee leaves the employ of Employer, except that Employee is so obligated if the same relates to or is based on Confidential Information to which Employee had access by virtue of Employees employment with Employer. Similarly, Employee will not be obligated to assign any Invention or Work to Employer that was conceived and reduced to practice prior to Employees employment, regardless of whether such Invention or Work relates to or would be useful in the business of Employer.

(iv) Reasonable Assistance. Employee will, during and after Employees employment, communicate to Employer any facts known to Employees regarding the Protected Works and, at Employers request, testify in any legal proceedings, sign all lawful papers, make all rightful oaths, execute and deliver all transfers, assignments, instruments and papers (including, without limitation, applications for registration, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, foreign counterparts, or reissue applications) and take such further action as may be considered necessary by Employer to carry into full force and effect the assignment, transfer, and conveyance made or to be made of title to the Protected Works and all Intellectual Property Rights therein clearly and exclusively to Employer and to enforce and defend Employers rights therein.

(v) Prior Works and Inventions; No Other Duties. Employee acknowledges and affirms that either (A) there are no Works or Inventions conceived, developed or produced by Employee, whether or not perfected and reduced to practice, prior to Employees employment Employer, or (B) Employee has, on or before signing this Agreement, disclosed all such prior Works and Inventions to Employer in writing and provided to Employer a detailed written description thereof. Employee acknowledges and agrees that there is no other contract or duty on Employees part now in existence to assign Protected Works to anyone other than Employer.

(h) Return of Materials. Employee agrees that Employee will not retain or destroy (except as set forth below), and will immediately return to Employer on or prior to the Termination Date, or at any other time Employer requests such return, any and all property of Employer that is in Employees possession or subject to Employees control, including, but not limited to, customer or customer files and information, papers, drawings, notes, manuals, specifications, designs, devices, code, email, documents, diskettes, CDs, tapes, keys, access 

Exhibit 10.1

cards, credit cards, identification cards, equipment, computers, mobile devices, other electronic media, all other files and documents relating to Employer and its business (regardless of form, but specifically including all electronic files and data of Employer), together with all Protected Works and Confidential Information belonging to Employer or that Employee received from or through Employees employment with Employer. Employee will not make, distribute, or retain copies of any such information or property. To the extent that Employee has electronic files or information in Employees possession or control that belong to Employer, contain Confidential Information, or constitute Protected Works (specifically including but not limited to electronic files or information stored on personal computers, mobile devices, electronic media, or in cloud storage), on or prior to the Termination Date, or at any other time Employer requests, Employee shall (i) provide Employer with an electronic copy of all of such files or information (in an electronic format that readily accessible by Employer); (ii) after doing so, delete all such files and information, including all copies and derivatives thereof, from all non-Employer-owned computers, mobile devices, electronic media, cloud storage, and other media, devices, and equipment, such that such files and information are permanently deleted and irretrievable; and (iii) if requested by Employer, provide a written certification to Employer that the required deletions have been completed and specifying the files and information deleted and the media source from which they were deleted.

(i) 

Enforcement of Protective Covenants.

(i) Rights and Remedies Upon Breach. The Parties specifically acknowledge and agree that the remedy at law for any breach of the Protective Covenants will be inadequate, and that in the event Employee breaches, or threatens to breach, any of the Protective Covenants, Employer shall have the right and remedy, without the necessity of proving actual damage or posting any bond, to enjoin, preliminarily and permanently, Employee from violating or threatening to violate the Protective Covenants and to have the Protective Covenants specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction, it being agreed that any breach or threatened breach of the Protective Covenants would cause irreparable injury to Employer and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to Employer. Employee understands and agrees that if Employee violates any of the obligations set forth in the Protective Covenants, the period of restriction applicable to each obligation violated shall cease to run during the pendency of any litigation over such violation, provided that such litigation was initiated during the period of restriction. Such rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to Employer at law or in equity Employers ability to enforce its rights under the Protective Covenants or applicable law against Employee shall not be impaired in any way by the existence of a claim or cause of action on the part of Employee based on, or arising out of, this Agreement or any other event or transaction.

(ii) Severability and Modification of Covenants. Employee acknowledges and agrees that each of the Protective Covenants is reasonable and valid in time and scope and in all other respects. The Parties agree that it is their intention that the Protective Covenants be enforced in accordance with their terms to the maximum extent permitted by law. Each of the Protective Covenants shall be considered and construed as a separate and independent covenant. Should any part or provision of any of the Protective Covenants be held invalid, void, or unenforceable, such invalidity, voidness, or unenforceability shall not render invalid, void, or unenforceable any other part or provision of this Agreement or such Protective 

Exhibit 10.1

Covenant. If any of the provisions of the Protective Covenants should ever be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the scope permitted by the applicable law, such provision or provisions shall be automatically modified to such lesser scope as such court may deem just and proper for the reasonable protection of Employers legitimate business interests and may be enforced by Employer to that extent in the manner described above and all other provisions of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable.

7. Existing Covenants. Employee represents and warrants that Employees employment with Employer does not and will not breach any agreement that Employee has with any former employer to keep in confidence proprietary or confidential information or not to compete with any such former employer. Employee will not disclose to Employer or use on its behalf any proprietary or confidential information of any other party required to be kept confidential by Employee.

8. Disclosure of Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that, during the Restricted Period, Employee will disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement to any prospective employer, business partner, investor or lender prior to entering into an employment, partnership or other business relationship with such prospective employer, business partner, investor or lender. Employee further agrees that Employer shall have the right to make any such prospective employer, business partner, investor or lender of Employee aware of the existence and terms of this Agreement.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Applicable Law; Forum Selection; Consent to Jurisdiction. The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles. The Parties that the exclusive forum for any action to enforce this Agreement, as well as any action relating to or arising out of this Agreement, shall be the state or federal courts of the State of Georgia. With respect to any such court action, Employee hereby (a) irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consents to venue; and (c) waives any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or venue. The Parties hereto further agree that the state and federal courts of the State of Georgia are convenient forums for any dispute that may arise herefrom and that neither party shall raise as a defense that such courts are not convenient forums.

(b) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

(c) Waiver. Failure of either Party to insist, in one or more instances, on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right granted in this Agreement or of the future performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the Party making the waiver.

(d) Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between Employer and Employee with respect to the subject matter hereof and, from 

Exhibit 10.1

and after the date hereof, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement, written or oral, between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 

(e) Assignment. This Agreement can be assigned by Employer and shall be binding and inure to the benefit of Employer, its successors and assigns. No right, obligation or duty of this Agreement may be assigned by Employee without the prior written consent of Employer.

(f) Notices. Any notice required or desired to be delivered under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by courier service, by registered mail, return receipt requested, or by telecopy and shall be effective upon actual receipt by the party to which such notice shall be directed, and shall be addressed as follows (or to such other address as the party entitled to notice shall hereafter designate in accordance with the terms hereof):

If to Employer: Chief Executive Officer

115 S. Grant Street

Fitzgerald, GA 31750

If to Employee: Leonard Bateman, Jr.

Current address on file with Employer

(g) Construction. The Parties understand and agree that because they both have been given the opportunity to have counsel review and revise this Agreement, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. Instead, the language of all parts of this Agreement shall be construed as a whole, and according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either of the parties.

(h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and it shall not be necessary that the signatures of the Parties hereto be contained on any one counterpart hereof. Each counterpart shall be deemed an original but all counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any signature page of any such counterpart, or any electronic facsimile thereof, may be attached or appended to any other counterpart to complete a fully executed counterpart of this Agreement, and any telecopy or other electronic transmission of any signature shall be deemed an original and shall bind such Party.

(i) Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties acknowledge and agree that any direct and indirect parent companies or subsidiaries of Employer are intended to be beneficiaries of this Agreement and shall have every right to enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(j) Acknowledgements. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee has read and reviewed this Agreement in its entirety, and that Employee has been given the opportunity to ask Employer questions about this Agreement. Employee further acknowledges 

Exhibit 10.1

and agrees that Employee has been given an opportunity to consult with an attorney of Employees choice regarding this Agreement.

10. Code Section 280G. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by Employer to or for the benefit of Employee (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (such benefits, payments or distributions are hereinafter referred to as Payments) would, if paid, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then, prior to the making of any Payments to Employee, a calculation shall be made comparing (X) the net after-tax benefit to Employee of the Payments after payment by Employee of the Excise Tax, to (Y) the net after-tax benefit to Employee if the Payments had been limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. If the amount calculated under (X) above is less than the amount calculated under (Y) above, then the Payments shall be limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax (the Reduced Amount). The reduction of the Payments due hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by first reducing cash Payments and then, to the extent necessary, reducing those Payments having the next highest ratio of Parachute Value (as defined below) to actual present value of such Payments as of the date of the Change in Control, as determined by the Determination Firm (as defined in Section 10(b)(ii)) below). For purposes of this Section 10, present value shall be determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. For purposes of this Section 10, the Parachute Value of a Payment means the present value as of the date of the Change in Control of the portion of such Payment that constitutes a parachute payment under Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, as determined by the Determination Firm for purposes of determining whether and to what extent the Excise Tax will apply to such Payment. 

(b) All determinations required to be made under this Section 10, including whether an Excise Tax would otherwise be imposed, whether the Payments shall be reduced, the amount of the Reduced Amount, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determinations, shall be made by an accounting firm or compensation consulting firm selected by Employer (the Determination Firm) which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to Employer and Employee within 15 business days after the receipt of notice from Employee that a Payment is due to be made, or such earlier time as is requested by Employer. All fees and expenses of the Determination Firm shall be borne solely by Employer. Any determination by the Determination Firm shall be binding upon Employer and Employee. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Determination Firm hereunder, it is possible that Payments which Employee was entitled to, but did not receive pursuant to Section 10, could have been made without the imposition of the Excise Tax (Underpayment), consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. In such event, the Determination Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by Employer to or for the benefit of Employee but no later than March 15 of the year after the year in which the Underpayment is determined to exist, which is when the legally binding right to such Underpayment arises.

Exhibit 10.1

(c) In the event that the provisions of Code Section 280G and 4999 or any successor provisions are repealed without succession, this Section 10 shall be of no further force or effect.

11. Code Section 409A.

(a) General. This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements Section 409A of the Code and applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder (and any applicable transition relief under Section 409A of the Code). Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither Employer nor its directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Employee as a result of the application of Section 409A of the Code.

(b) Definitional Restrictions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code (Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation) would otherwise be payable or distributable hereunder, or a different form of payment of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would be effected, by reason of a Change in Control or Employees termination of employment, such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation will not be payable or distributable to Employee, and/or such different form of payment will not be effected, by reason of such circumstance unless the circumstances giving rise to such Change in Control or termination of employment, as the case may be, meet any description or definition of change in control event or separation from service, as the case may be, in Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations (without giving effect to any elective provisions that may be available under such definition). If this provision prevents the payment or distribution of any Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation, or the application of a different form of payment, such payment or distribution shall be made at the time and in the form that would have applied absent the non-409A-conforming event. 

(c) Treatment of Installment Payments. Each payment of termination benefits under Section 5(b) of this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment, as described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-2(b)(2), for purposes of Section 409A of the Code.

(d) Timing of Release of Claims. Whenever in this Agreement a payment or benefit is conditioned on Employees execution and non-revocation of a release of claims, such release must be executed and all revocation periods shall have expired within 60 days after Employees date of termination; failing which such payment or benefit shall be forfeited. If such payment or benefit constitutes Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation, then such payment or benefit shall be made (or in the case of installment payments, installments that would have otherwise been payable during such 60-day period shall be accumulated and paid) on the 60th day after Employees date of termination provided such release shall have been executed and such revocation periods shall have expired. If such payment or benefit is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, Employer may elect to make or commence payment at any time during such 60-day period. 

Exhibit 10.1

(e) Six-Month Delay in Certain Circumstances. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Agreement by reason of Employees separation from service during a period in which Employee is a Specified Employee (as defined below), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by Employer under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes): (i) the amount of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation that would otherwise be payable during the six-month period immediately following Employees separation from service will be accumulated through and paid or provided on the first day of the seventh month following Employees separation from service (or, if Employee dies during such period, within 30 days after Employees death) (in either case, the Required Delay Period); and (ii) the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume at the end of the Required Delay Period. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Specified Employee has the meaning given such term in Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder.

12. Regulatory Action.

(a) If Employee is removed and/or permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of Employers affairs by an order issued under Section 8(e)(4) or 8(g)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDIA) (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(4) and (g)(1)), all obligations of Employer under this Agreement shall terminate, as of the effective date of such order.

(b) If Employee is suspended and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct of Employers affairs by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) or 8(g)(1) of the FDIA (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(3) and (g)(1)), all obligations of Employer under this Agreement shall be suspended as of the date of service, unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges in the notice are dismissed, the Employer shall reinstate (in whole or in part) any of its obligations which were suspended.

(c) If Employer is in default (as defined in Section 3(x)(1) of the FDIA), all obligations under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of default.

(d) All obligations under this Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent a determination is made that continuation of the Agreement is necessary for the continued operation of the Employer (1) by the director of the FDIC or Employees or Employees designee (the Director), at the time the FDIC enters into an agreement to provide assistance to or on behalf of Employer under the authority contained in 13(c) of the FDIA; or (2) by the Director, at the time the Director approves a supervisory merger to resolve problems related to operation of Employer when Employer is determined by the Director to be in an unsafe and unsound condition.

(e) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no payments shall be made pursuant to any provision herein in contravention of the requirements of Section 2[18(k)] of the FDIA (12 U.S.C. 1828(k)). In particular, the provisions pertaining to the potential for payments shall have no force or effect as long as either the agreement concerning 

Exhibit 10.1

the potential for payments or the actual payment of such amounts would be considered a golden parachute payment, with the meaning of 12 C.F.R. Section 359.1(f).

[Signatures on following page]

Exhibit 10.1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement.

COLONY BANK

By: /s/ T. Heath Fountain 

Name: T. Heath Fountain

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: January 19, 2025 

EMPLOYEE

By: /s/ Leonard Bateman, Jr.

Name: Leonard Bateman, Jr.

Title: Chief Credit Officer

Date: January 19, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a4q2024er.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

For additional information, contact:

Derek Shelnutt

EVP & Chief Financial Officer

229-426-6000, extension 6119

COLONY BANKCORP REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2024 RESULTS

INCREASES QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND TO $0.1150 PER SHARE

FITZGERALD, GA. (January 22, 2025) Colony Bankcorp, Inc. (NYSE: CBAN) (Colony or the Company) today reported financial results for the fourth quarter of 2024. Financial highlights are shown below.

Financial Highlights: 

Net income increased to $7.4 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to $5.6 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2024, and $5.6 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2023. 

Operating net income increased to $7.8 million, or $0.44 of adjusted earnings per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to $6.2 million, or $0.35 of adjusted earnings per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2024, and $5.4 million, or $0.31 of adjusted earnings per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2023. (See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures).

Provision for credit losses of $650,000 was recorded in fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $750,000 in third quarter of 2024, and $1.5 million in fourth quarter of 2023.

Total loans, excluding loans held for sale, were $1.84 billion at December 31, 2024, a decrease of $43.1 million, or 2.28%, from the prior quarter. 

Total deposits were $2.57 billion and $2.52 billion at December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively, an increase of $43.0 million.

Mortgage production was $76.9 million, and mortgage sales totaled $51.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $66.6 million and $57.8 million, respectively, for the third quarter of 2024. 

Small Business Specialty Lending (SBSL) closed $22.2 million in Small Business Administration (SBA) loans and sold $30.0 million in SBA loans in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $30.1 million and $27.2 million, respectively, for the third quarter of 2024. 

The Company also announced that on January 22, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.1150 per share, to be paid on its common stock on February 19, 2025, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 5, 2025. The Company had 17,520,136 shares of its common stock outstanding as of January 20, 2025.

We are pleased to report our operating results and improved performance in the fourth quarter of 2024. Strong deposit growth during the quarter, particularly in lower cost transactional deposit accounts, along with easing from the Federal Reserve contributed to a lower overall cost of funds which resulted in an increase in margin of 20 basis points compared to the prior quarter. Additionally, we are pleased with our increase in noninterest income led by a successful quarter for our Small Business Specialty Lending Division and continued progress in our other complementary lines of business said Heath Fountain, Chief Executive Officer.

The change in our loan balances reflects several anticipated large payoffs during the quarter, which carried lower rates and had minimal impact on earning asset yields. While we anticipate loan growth to resume in 2025, we expect it to be stronger in the latter half of the year.

We were also excited to announce additions to the Executive Management team which include the promotions of Ed Canup, Daniel Rentz, and Laurie Senn. These additions enable us to prioritize profitable growth and scale the organization by emphasizing business development, innovation, and efficiency.

1

Balance Sheet

Total assets were $3.11 billion at December 31, 2024, an increase of $44.7 million from September 30, 2024.

Total loans, including loans held for sale, were at $1.88 billion at December 31, 2024, a decrease of $31.0 million from the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Total deposits were $2.57 billion and $2.52 billion at December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively, an increase of $43.0 million. Interest bearing demand deposits increased $44.7 million and savings and money market deposits increased $3.2 million, which were partially offset by a decrease in time deposits of $27.3 million, from September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2024.

Total borrowings at December 31, 2024 totaled $248.0 million, an increase of $23,000 compared to September 30, 2024, related to a minimal increase in other borrowed money.

Capital

Colony continues to maintain a strong capital position, with ratios that exceed regulatory minimums required to be considered as well-capitalized. 

Under the Companys approved stock repurchase program, a total of 35,000 shares of Company common stock were repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2024 at an average price of $15.40 per share and a total value of $539,132 thousand. 

Preliminary tier one leverage ratio, tier one capital ratio, total risk-based capital ratio and common equity tier one capital ratio were 9.50%, 14.26%, 17.10%, and 13.08%, respectively, at December 31, 2024.

Fourth Quarter and December 31, 2024 Year to Date Results of Operations

Net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, totaled $20.6 million for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024 compared to $19.1 million for the same period in 2023. Net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024totaled $76.8 million, compared to $79.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. For both periods, increases can be seen in income on interest earning assets, which is more than offset by increases in expenses on interest bearing liabilities due to higher interest rates period over period. Income on interest earning assets increased $2.8 million, to $36.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the respective period in 2023. Expense on interest bearing liabilities increased $1.2 million, to $15.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the respective period in 2023. Income on interest earning assets increased $12.3 million to $137.9 million for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2024 compared to the respective period in 2023. Expense on interest bearing liabilities increased $14.5 million, to $61.2 million for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2024 compared to the respective period in 2023.

Net interest margin for the fourth quarter of 2024 was 2.84% compared to 2.70% for the fourth quarter of 2023. This increase was primarily related to an increase in interest earning assets period over period as well as rate increases in interest earning assets outpacing the rate increases in interest bearing liabilities. Net interest margin was 2.72% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2.83% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. The decrease is the result of rate increases in interest bearing liabilities outpacing the rate increases in interest earning assets. 

Noninterest income totaled $10.3 million for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $1.0 million, or 10.79%, compared to the same period in 2023. Noninterest income totaled $39.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, an increase of $3.7 million, or 10.50%, compared to the same period in 2023. These increases were primarily related to increases in mortgage fee income, gains on sales of SBA loans and income on merchant and wealth advisory services which is included in other noninterest income, which were partially offset by decreases in service charges on deposit accounts and losses on the sales of investment securities.

Noninterest expense totaled $21.3 million for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024, compared to $19.6 million for the same period in 2023. Noninterest expense totaled $82.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, compared to $83.1 million for the same period in 2023. The increase for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2024 was primarily related to increases in salaries and employee benefits and information technology expenses. The slight decrease for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 was a result of decreases in occupancy and equipment expenses, professional fees and 

2

communications expense partially offset by increases in salaries and employee benefits and information technology expenses.

Asset Quality

Nonperforming assets totaled $11.3 million and $12.5 million at December 31, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively, a decrease of $1.2 million. 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets totaled $530,000 at December 31, 2024 and $236,000 at September 30, 2024.

Net loans charged-off were $1.5 million, or 0.33% of average loans for the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to $139,000 or 0.03% for the third quarter of 2024. 

The credit loss reserve was $19.0 million, or 1.03% of total loans, at December 31, 2024, compared to $19.7 million, or 1.04% of total loans at September 30, 2024.

Earnings call information

The Company will host an earnings conference call at 9:00 a.m. ET on Thursday, January 23, 2025, to discuss the recent results and answer appropriate questions. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 1-800-549-8228 and using the Conference ID: 71885. A replay of the call will be available until Thursday, January 30, 2025. To listen to the replay, dial 1-888-660-6264 and entering the passcode 71885#.

About Colony Bankcorp

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. is the bank holding company for Colony Bank. Founded in Fitzgerald, Georgia in 1975, Colony operates locations throughout Georgia and has expanded to serve Birmingham, Alabama, as well as Tallahassee and the Florida Panhandle. At Colony Bank, we offer a range of banking solutions for personal and business customers. In addition to traditional banking services, Colony provides specialized solutions including mortgage, government guaranteed lending, consumer insurance, wealth management, and merchant services. Colonys common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol CBAN. For more information, please visit www.colony.bank. You can also follow the Company on social media.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this press release that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In addition, certain statements may be contained in the Companys future filings with the SEC, in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with the approval of the Company that are not statements of historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections and/or expectations of revenues, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statement of plans and objectives of Colony Bankcorp, Inc. or its management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; (iv) statements regarding growth strategy, capital management, liquidity and funding, and future profitability; and (v) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, support, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, estimate, continue, further, plan, point to, project, could, intend, target and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements.

Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to: the impact of current and future economic conditions, particularly those affecting the financial services industry, including the effects of declines in the real estate market, high unemployment rates, inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates (including the impact of prolonged elevated interest rates on our financial projections and models) and slowdowns in economic growth, as well as the financial stress on borrowers as a result of the foregoing; the risk of reductions in benchmark interest rates and the resulting impacts on net interest income; potential impacts of adverse developments in the banking industry highlighted by high-profile bank failures, including impacts on customer confidence, deposit outflows, liquidity and the regulatory response thereto; risks 

3

arising from media coverage of the banking industry; risks arising from perceived instability in the banking sector; the risks of changes in interest rates and their effects on the level, cost, and composition of, and competition for, deposits, loan demand and timing of payments, the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; the ability to attract new or retain existing deposits, to retain or grow loans or additional interest and fee income, or to control noninterest expense; the effect of pricing pressures on the Companys net interest margin; the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible credit losses, fair value for loans and other real estate owned; changes in real estate values; the Companys ability to implement its various strategic and growth initiatives; increased competition in the financial services industry, particularly from regional and national institutions, as well as from fintech companies; economic conditions, either nationally or locally, in areas in which the Company conducts operations being less favorable than expected; changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; developments in our mortgage banking business, including loan modifications, general demand, and the effects of judicial or regulatory requirements or guidance; legislation or regulatory changes which adversely affect the ability of the consolidated Company to conduct business combinations or new operations; adverse results from current or future litigation, regulatory examinations or other legal and/or regulatory actions, including as a result of the Companys participation in and execution of government programs; significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or financial markets and the effect of a fall in the stock market prices on our investment securities; the effects of war or other conflicts including the impacts related to or resulting from Russias military action in Ukraine or the conflict in Israel and surrounding areas; general risks related to the Companys merger and acquisition activity, including risks associated with the Companys pursuit of future acquisitions; the impact of generative artificial intelligence; fraud or misconduct by internal or external actors, and system failures, cybersecurity threats or security breaches and the cost of defending against them; a deterioration of the credit rating for U.S. long-term sovereign debt, actions that the U.S. government may take to avoid exceeding the debt ceiling, and uncertainties surrounding debt ceiling and the federal budget; a potential U.S. federal government shutdown and the resulting impacts; and general competitive, economic, political and market conditions or other unexpected factors or events. These and other factors, risks and uncertainties could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the Companys ability to control or predict.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. These forward-looking statements are based upon information presently known to the Companys management and are inherently subjective, uncertain and subject to change due to any number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks and other factors set forth in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the captions Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, and in the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

4

Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The measures entitled operating noninterest income, operating noninterest expense, operating net income, adjusted earnings per diluted share, operating return on average assets, operating return on average equity, tangible book value per common share, tangible equity to tangible assets, operating efficiency ratio, operating net noninterest expense to average assets and pre-provision net revenue are not measures recognized under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and therefore are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The most comparable GAAP measures are noninterest income, noninterest expense, net income, diluted earnings per share, return on average assets, return on average equity, book value per common share, total equity to total assets, efficiency ratio, net noninterest expense to average assets and net interest income before provision for credit losses, respectively. Operating noninterest income excludes gain on sale of bank premises and loss on sales of securities. Operating noninterest expense excludes acquisition-related expenses and severance costs. Operating net income, operating return on average assets, operating return on average equity and operating efficiency ratio all exclude acquisition-related expenses, severance costs, gain on sale of bank premises and loss on sales of securities from net income, return on average assets, return on average equity and efficiency ratio, respectively. Operating net noninterest expense to average assets ratio excludes from net noninterest expense, severance costs, acquisition-related expenses, gain on sale of bank premises and loss on sales of securities. Acquisition-related expenses includes fees associated with acquisitions and vendor contract buyouts. Severance costs includes costs associated with termination and retirement of employees. Adjusted earnings per diluted share includes the adjustments to operating net income. Tangible book value per common share and tangible equity to tangible assets exclude goodwill and other intangibles from book value per common share and total equity to total assets, respectively. Pre-provision net revenue is calculated by adding noninterest income to net interest income before provision for credit losses, and subtracting noninterest expense.

Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of the Company's performance and believes these presentations provide useful supplemental information, and a clearer understanding of the Company's performance, and if not provided would be requested by the investor community. The Company believes the non-GAAP measures enhance investors' understanding of the Company's business and performance. These measures are also useful in understanding performance trends and facilitate comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. The limitations associated with operating measures are the risk that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items comprising these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. 

These disclosures should not be considered an alternative to GAAP. The computations of operating noninterest income, operating noninterest expense, operating net income, adjusted earnings per diluted share, operating return on average assets, operating return on average equity, tangible book value per common share, tangible equity to tangible assets, operating efficiency ratio, operating net noninterest expense to average assets and pre-provision net revenue and the reconciliation of these measures to noninterest income, noninterest expense, net income, diluted earnings per share, return on average assets, return on average equity, book value per common share, total equity to total assets, efficiency ratio, net noninterest expense to average assets and net interest income before provision for credit losses are set forth in the table below.

5

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Operating noninterest income reconciliation 

Noninterest income (GAAP) $ 10,309 $ 10,082 $ 9,497 $ 9,487 $ 9,305 

Gain on sale of bank premises (236) 

Writedown of bank premises 197 

Loss on sales of securities 401 454 425 555 

Operating noninterest income $ 10,710 $ 10,536 $ 10,119 $ 10,042 $ 9,069 

Operating noninterest expense reconciliation 

Noninterest expense (GAAP) $ 21,272 $ 20,835 $ 20,330 $ 20,397 $ 19,587 

Severance costs (265) (23) 

Operating noninterest expense $ 21,272 $ 20,570 $ 20,330 $ 20,374 $ 19,587 

Operating net income reconciliation 

Net income (GAAP) $ 7,432 $ 5,629 $ 5,474 $ 5,333 $ 5,598 

Severance costs 265 23 

Gain on sale of bank premises (236) 

Writedown of bank premises 197 

Loss on sales of securities 401 454 425 555 

Income tax benefit (77) (143) (129) (121) 52 

Operating net income $ 7,756 $ 6,205 $ 5,967 $ 5,790 $ 5,414 

Weighted average diluted shares 17,531,808 17,587,902 17,551,007 17,560,210 17,567,839 

Adjusted earnings per diluted share $ 0.44 $ 0.35 $ 0.34 $ 0.33 $ 0.31 

Operating return on average assets reconciliation 

Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.95 % 0.74 % 0.73 % 0.71 % 0.73 % 

Severance costs 0.03 

Gain on sale of bank premises (0.03) 

Writedown of bank premises 0.03 

Loss on sales of securities 0.05 0.06 0.06 0.07 

Tax effect of adjustment items (0.01) (0.02) (0.02) (0.02) 0.01 

Operating return on average assets 0.99 % 0.81 % 0.80 % 0.76 % 0.71 % 

Operating return on average equity reconciliation 

Return on average equity (GAAP) 10.71 % 8.33 % 8.46 % 8.38 % 9.20 % 

Severance costs 0.39 0.04 

Gain on sale of bank premises (0.39) 

Writedown of bank premises 0.30 

Loss on sales of securities 0.58 0.67 0.66 0.87 

Tax effect of adjustment items (0.11) (0.21) (0.20) (0.19) 0.09 

Operating return on average equity 11.18 % 9.18 % 9.22 % 9.10 % 8.90 % 

Tangible book value per common share reconciliation 

Book value per common share (GAAP) $ 15.91 $ 15.73 $ 15.09 $ 14.80 $ 14.51 

Effect of goodwill and other intangibles (2.96) (2.97) (2.99) (3.01) (3.02) 

Tangible book value per common share $ 12.95 $ 12.76 $ 12.10 $ 11.79 $ 11.49 

Tangible equity to tangible assets reconciliation 

Equity to assets (GAAP) 8.96 % 9.01 % 8.80 % 8.62 % 8.35 % 

Effect of goodwill and other intangibles (1.54) (1.58) (1.62) (1.63) (1.62) 

Tangible equity to tangible assets 7.42 % 7.43 % 7.18 % 6.99 % 6.73 % 

6

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures 

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Operating efficiency ratio calculation 

Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 69.11 % 72.79 % 72.85 % 72.48 % 69.51 % 

Severance costs (0.93) (0.08) 

Gain on sale of bank premises 0.84 

Writedown of bank premises (0.71) 

Loss on sales of securities (1.31) (1.59) (1.52) (1.97) 

Operating efficiency ratio 67.80 % 70.27 % 70.62 % 70.43 % 70.35 % 

Operating net noninterest expense(1) to average assets calculation 

Net noninterest expense to average assets 1.40 % 1.41 % 1.45 % 1.45 % 1.35 % 

Severance costs (0.03) 

Gain on sale of bank premises 0.03 

Writedown of bank premises (0.03) 

Loss on sales of securities (0.05) (0.06) (0.06) (0.07) 

Operating net noninterest expense to average assets 1.35 % 1.32 % 1.36 % 1.38 % 1.38 % 

Pre-provision net revenue 

Net interest income before provision for credit losses $ 20,472 $ 18,541 $ 18,409 $ 18,654 $ 18,874 

Noninterest income 10,309 10,082 9,497 9,487 9,305 

Total income 30,781 28,623 27,906 28,141 28,179 

Noninterest expense 21,272 20,835 20,330 20,397 19,587 

Pre-provision net revenue $ 9,509 $ 7,788 $ 7,576 $ 7,744 $ 8,592 

(1) Net noninterest expense is defined as noninterest expense less noninterest income. 

7

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Selected Financial Information

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

EARNINGS SUMMARY 

Net interest income $ 20,472 $ 18,541 $ 18,409 $ 18,654 $ 18,874 

Provision for credit losses 650 750 650 1,000 1,500 

Noninterest income 10,309 10,082 9,497 9,487 9,305 

Noninterest expense 21,272 20,835 20,330 20,397 19,587 

Income taxes 1,427 1,409 1,452 1,411 1,494 

Net income $ 7,432 $ 5,629 $ 5,474 $ 5,333 $ 5,598 

PERFORMANCE MEASURES 

Per common share: 

Common shares outstanding 17,519,884 17,554,884 17,538,611 17,558,611 17,564,182 

Weighted average basic shares 17,531,808 17,587,902 17,551,007 17,560,210 17,567,839 

Weighted average diluted shares 17,531,808 17,587,902 17,551,007 17,560,210 17,567,839 

Earnings per basic share $ 0.42 $ 0.32 $ 0.31 $ 0.30 $ 0.32 

Earnings per diluted share 0.42 0.32 0.31 0.30 0.32 

Adjusted earnings per diluted share(b) 0.44 0.35 0.34 0.33 0.31 

Cash dividends declared per share 0.1125 0.1125 0.1125 0.1125 0.1100 

Common book value per share 15.91 15.73 15.09 14.80 14.51 

Tangible book value per common share(b) 12.95 12.76 12.10 11.79 11.49 

Pre-provision net revenue(b) $ 9,509 $ 7,788 $ 7,576 $ 7,744 $ 8,592 

Performance ratios: 

Net interest margin (a) 2.84 % 2.64 % 2.68 % 2.69 % 2.70 % 

Return on average assets 0.95 0.74 0.73 0.71 0.73 

Operating return on average assets (b) 0.99 0.81 0.80 0.76 0.71 

Return on average total equity 10.71 8.33 8.46 8.38 9.20 

Operating return on average total equity (b) 11.18 9.18 9.22 9.10 8.90 

Efficiency ratio 69.11 72.79 72.85 72.48 69.51 

Operating efficiency ratio (b) 67.80 70.27 70.62 70.43 70.35 

Net noninterest expense to average assets 1.40 1.41 1.45 1.45 1.35 

Operating net noninterest expense to average assets(b) 1.35 1.32 1.36 1.38 1.38 

8

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Selected Financial Information

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

ASSET QUALITY 

Nonperforming portfolio loans $ 5,024 $ 6,273 $ 3,653 $ 3,674 $ 7,804 

Nonperforming government guaranteed loans 5,636 5,942 3,016 2,757 2,035 

Loans 90 days past due and still accruing 152 44 41 370 

Total nonperforming loans (NPLs) 10,812 12,259 6,710 6,431 10,209 

Other real estate owned 202 227 582 562 448 

Repossessed assets 328 9 13 

Total nonperforming assets (NPAs) 11,342 12,495 7,305 6,993 10,657 

Classified loans 20,103 20,918 22,355 25,965 23,754 

Criticized loans 49,387 52,062 44,850 55,065 56,879 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) 1,534 139 667 664 692 

Allowance for credit losses to total loans 1.03 % 1.04 % 1.01 % 1.00 % 0.98 % 

Allowance for credit losses to total NPLs 175.55 160.40 280.27 290.11 179.95 

Allowance for credit losses to total NPAs 167.34 157.37 257.44 266.80 172.38 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans, net 0.33 0.03 0.14 0.14 0.15 

NPLs to total loans 0.59 0.65 0.36 0.35 0.54 

NPAs to total assets 0.36 0.41 0.24 0.23 0.35 

NPAs to total loans and foreclosed assets 0.62 0.66 0.39 0.38 0.57 

AVERAGE BALANCES 

Total assets $ 3,108,762 $ 3,038,947 $ 3,010,486 $ 3,036,093 $ 3,027,812 

Loans, net 1,832,564 1,862,986 1,850,451 1,853,077 1,860,652 

Loans, held for sale 35,299 34,533 33,024 24,612 21,251 

Deposits 2,568,824 2,504,101 2,492,479 2,543,259 2,538,500 

Total stockholders equity 276,082 268,769 260,162 255,927 241,392 

(a) Computed using fully taxable-equivalent net income. 

(b) Non-GAAP measure - see Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information and reconciliation to GAAP. 

9

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Analysis

Three Months Ended December 31,

2024 2023

(dollars in thousands) Average

Balances Income/

Expense Yields/

Rates Average

Balances Income/

Expense Yields/

Rates

Assets 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans, net of unearned income 1 $ 1,886,927 $ 28,539 6.02 % $ 1,899,413 $ 27,069 5.65 %

Investment securities, taxable 704,677 4,759 2.69 % 743,308 5,221 2.79 %

Investment securities, tax-exempt 2 95,062 505 2.11 % 103,418 607 2.33 %

Deposits in banks and short term investments 202,059 2,361 4.65 % 51,874 489 3.74 %

Total interest-earning assets 2,888,725 36,164 4.98 % 2,798,013 33,386 4.73 %

Noninterest-earning assets 220,037 229,800 

Total assets $ 3,108,762 $ 3,027,813 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest-bearing demand and savings $ 1,494,178 $ 6,759 1.80 % $ 1,396,932 $ 5,632 1.60 %

Other time 619,334 5,897 3.79 % 643,841 5,939 3.66 %

Total interest-bearing deposits 2,113,512 12,656 2.38 % 2,040,773 11,571 2.25 %

Federal funds purchased % 53 1 6.28 %

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 185,000 1,905 4.10 % 158,913 1,624 4.06 %

Other borrowings 63,025 958 6.05 % 72,508 1,134 6.20 %

Total other interest-bearing liabilities 248,025 2,863 4.59 % 231,474 2,759 4.73 %

Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,361,537 15,519 2.61 % 2,272,247 14,330 2.50 %

Noninterest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 455,312 $ 497,727 

Other liabilities 15,831 16,447 

Stockholders' equity 276,082 241,392 

Total noninterest-bearing liabilities and stockholders' equity 747,225 755,566 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 3,108,762 $ 3,027,813 

Interest rate spread 2.37 % 2.23 %

Net interest income $ 20,645 $ 19,056 

Net interest margin 2.84 % 2.70 %

3

1The average balance of loans includes the average balance of nonaccrual loans. Income on such loans is recognized and recorded on the cash basis. Taxable-equivalent adjustments totaling $66,000 and $54,000 for the quarters ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are calculated using the statutory federal tax rate and are included in income and fees on loans. Accretion income of $12,000 and $5,000 for the quarters ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are also included in income and fees on loans. 

2Taxable-equivalent adjustments totaling $106,000 and $127,000 for the quarters ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are calculated using the statutory federal tax rate and are included in tax-exempt interest on investment securities. 

3

10

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Analysis

Twelve Months Ended December 31,

2024 2023

(dollars in thousands) Average

Balances Income/

Expense Yields/

Rates Average

Balances Income/

Expense Yields/

Rates

Assets 

Interest-earning assets: 

Loans, net of unearned income 3 $ 1,900,386 $ 111,904 5.89 % $ 1,850,043 $ 99,472 5.38 %

Investment securities, taxable 720,986 19,270 2.67 % 770,707 21,388 2.78 %

Investment securities, tax-exempt 4 99,350 2,158 2.17 % 105,797 2,444 2.31 %

Deposits in banks and short term investments 106,381 4,592 4.32 % 63,806 2,341 3.67 %

Total interest-earning assets 2,827,103 137,924 4.88 % 2,790,353 125,645 4.50 %

Noninterest-earning assets 221,607 226,198 

Total assets $ 3,048,710 $ 3,016,551 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest-bearing demand and savings $ 1,464,315 $ 27,293 1.86 % $ 1,390,247 $ 15,833 1.14 %

Other time 603,080 22,714 3.77 % 619,083 19,632 3.17 %

Total interest-bearing deposits 2,067,395 50,007 2.42 % 2,009,330 35,465 1.76 %

Federal funds purchased 4 5.94 % 2,783 147 5.29 %

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 176,421 7,211 4.09 % 160,548 6,763 4.21 %

Other borrowings 63,186 3,947 6.25 % 70,807 4,298 6.07 %

Total other interest-bearing liabilities 239,611 11,158 4.66 % 234,138 11,208 4.79 %

Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,307,006 61,165 2.65 % 2,243,468 46,673 2.08 %

Noninterest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 459,822 $ 519,225 

Other liabilities 16,607 14,947 

Stockholders' equity 265,275 238,911 

Total noninterest-bearing liabilities and stockholders' equity 741,704 773,083 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 3,048,710 $ 3,016,551 

Interest rate spread 2.23 % 2.42 %

Net interest income $ 76,759 $ 78,972 

Net interest margin 2.72 % 2.83 %

4

34The average balance of loans includes the average balance of nonaccrual loans. Income on such loans is recognized and recorded on the cash basis. Taxable-equivalent adjustments totaling $229,000 and $216,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are calculated using the statutory federal tax rate and are included in income and fees on loans. Accretion income of $47,000 and $165,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are also included in income and fees on loans.

4 Taxable-equivalent adjustments totaling $453,000 and $513,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in tax-exempt interest on investment securities.

11

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. 

Segment Reporting 

2024 2023

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter

Banking Division 

Net interest income $ 19,191 $ 17,152 $ 17,217 $ 17,552 $ 17,986 

Provision for credit losses 309 698 96 455 979 

Noninterest income 5,452 5,494 5,086 5,680 5,992 

Noninterest expenses 17,616 17,075 17,135 17,129 16,619 

Income taxes 927 1,017 1,060 1,166 1,365 

Segment income $ 5,791 $ 3,856 $ 4,012 $ 4,482 $ 5,015 

Total segment assets $ 2,985,856 $ 2,955,145 $ 2,889,013 $ 2,910,102 $ 2,956,121 

Full time employees 376 375 385 377 378 

Mortgage Banking Division 

Net interest income $ 53 $ 67 $ 50 $ 40 $ 23 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 1,545 1,812 1,456 1,165 1,206 

Noninterest expenses 1,699 1,533 1,326 1,218 1,203 

Income taxes (12) 71 42 1 8 

Segment income $ (89) $ 275 $ 138 $ (14) $ 18 

Total segment assets $ 17,970 $ 9,300 $ 19,004 $ 8,011 $ 7,890 

Variable noninterest expense(1) $ 764 $ 1,005 $ 807 $ 603 $ 597 

Fixed noninterest expense 935 528 519 615 606 

Full time employees 45 44 42 43 42 

Small Business Specialty Lending Division 

Net interest income $ 1,228 $ 1,322 $ 1,142 $ 1,062 $ 865 

Provision for credit losses 341 52 554 545 521 

Noninterest income 3,312 2,776 2,955 2,642 2,107 

Noninterest expenses 1,957 2,227 1,869 2,050 1,765 

Income taxes 512 321 350 244 121 

Segment income $ 1,730 $ 1,498 $ 1,324 $ 865 $ 565 

Total segment assets $ 105,956 $ 100,658 $ 99,890 $ 97,396 $ 89,411 

Full time employees 34 33 33 31 33 

Total Consolidated 

Net interest income $ 20,472 $ 18,541 $ 18,409 $ 18,654 $ 18,874 

Provision for credit losses 650 750 650 1,000 1,500 

Noninterest income 10,309 10,082 9,497 9,487 9,305 

Noninterest expenses 21,272 20,835 20,330 20,397 19,587 

Income taxes 1,427 1,409 1,452 1,411 1,494 

Segment income $ 7,432 $ 5,629 $ 5,474 $ 5,333 $ 5,598 

Total segment assets $ 3,109,782 $ 3,065,103 $ 3,007,907 $ 3,015,509 $ 3,053,422 

Full time employees 455 452 460 451 453 

(1) Variable noninterest expense includes commission based salary expenses and volume based loan related fees.

12

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 

(dollars in thousands) (unaudited) (audited) 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks $ 26,045 $ 25,339 

Interest-bearing deposits in banks and federal funds sold 204,989 57,983 

Cash and cash equivalents 231,034 83,322 

Investment securities available for sale, at fair value 366,049 407,382 

Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost 430,077 449,031 

Other investments 17,694 16,868 

Loans held for sale 39,786 27,958 

Loans, net of unearned income 1,842,980 1,883,470 

Allowance for credit losses (18,980) (18,371) 

Loans, net 1,824,000 1,865,099 

Premises and equipment 37,831 39,870 

Other real estate 202 448 

Goodwill 48,923 48,923 

Other intangible assets 2,975 4,192 

Bank owned life insurance 57,970 56,925 

Deferred income taxes, net 21,891 25,405 

Other assets 31,350 27,999 

Total assets $ 3,109,782 $ 3,053,422 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Liabilities: 

Deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing $ 462,283 $ 498,992 

Interest-bearing 2,105,660 2,045,798 

Total deposits 2,567,943 2,544,790 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 185,000 175,000 

Other borrowed money 63,039 63,445 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 15,125 15,252 

Total liabilities $ 2,831,107 $ 2,798,487 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, $1 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized, 17,519,884 and 17,564,182 issued and outstanding, respectively $ 17,520 $ 17,564 

Paid in capital 168,353 168,614 

Retained earnings 140,369 124,400 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (47,567) (55,643) 

Total stockholders equity 278,675 254,935 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity $ 3,109,782 $ 3,053,422 

13

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) 

Three months ended December 31, Twelve months ended December 31,

2024 2023 2024 2023

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Interest income: 

Loans, including fees $ 28,473 $ 27,014 $ 111,675 $ 99,256 

Investment securities 5,158 5,700 20,974 23,319 

Deposits in banks and short term investments 2,360 489 4,592 2,341 

Total interest income 35,991 33,203 137,241 124,916 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 12,656 11,571 50,007 35,464 

Federal funds purchased 1 147 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 1,905 1,623 7,211 6,763 

Other borrowings 958 1,134 3,947 4,298 

Total interest expense 15,519 14,329 61,165 46,672 

Net interest income 20,472 18,874 76,076 78,244 

Provision for credit losses 650 1,500 3,050 3,600 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 19,822 17,374 73,026 74,644 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges on deposits 2,302 2,595 9,365 8,735 

Mortgage fee income 1,545 1,203 6,048 6,131 

Gain on sales of SBA loans 2,622 1,634 9,242 5,063 

Loss on sales of securities (401) (1,835) 

Interchange fees 2,030 2,059 8,299 8,460 

BOLI income 412 372 1,725 1,396 

Insurance commissions 471 452 1,789 1,873 

Other 1,328 990 4,742 3,976 

Total noninterest income 10,309 9,305 39,375 35,634 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 12,877 11,304 49,767 49,233 

Occupancy and equipment 1,645 1,543 6,149 6,283 

Information technology expenses 2,491 2,147 8,978 8,553 

Professional fees 539 749 2,825 3,097 

Advertising and public relations 1,118 1,054 4,009 3,486 

Communications 213 237 865 947 

Other 2,389 2,553 10,241 11,466 

Total noninterest expense 21,272 19,587 82,834 83,065 

Income before income taxes 8,859 7,092 29,567 27,213 

Income taxes 1,427 1,494 5,699 5,466 

Net income $ 7,432 $ 5,598 $ 23,868 $ 21,747 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic $ 0.42 $ 0.32 $ 1.36 $ 1.24 

Diluted 0.42 0.32 1.36 1.24 

Dividends declared per share 0.1125 0.1100 0.4500 0.4400 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 17,531,808 17,567,839 17,557,743 17,578,294 

Diluted 17,531,808 17,567,839 17,557,743 17,578,294 

14

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. 

Quarterly Consolidated Statements of Income 

2024 2023

Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (unaudited) (audited)

Interest income: 

Loans, including fees $ 28,473 $ 28,501 $ 27,604 $ 27,097 $ 27,014 

Investment securities 5,158 5,248 5,048 5,520 5,700 

Deposits in banks and short term investments 2,360 855 684 693 489 

Total interest income 35,991 34,604 33,336 33,310 33,203 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 12,656 13,154 12,106 12,091 11,571 

Federal funds purchased 1 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 1,905 1,913 1,821 1,572 1,623 

Other borrowings 958 996 1,000 993 1,134 

Total interest expense 15,519 16,063 14,927 14,656 14,329 

Net interest income 20,472 18,541 18,409 18,654 18,874 

Provision for credit losses 650 750 650 1,000 1,500 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 19,822 17,791 17,759 17,654 17,374 

Noninterest income: 

Service charges on deposits 2,302 2,401 2,288 2,373 2,595 

Mortgage fee income 1,545 1,812 1,442 1,249 1,203 

Gain on sales of SBA loans 2,622 2,227 2,347 2,046 1,634 

Loss on sales of securities (401) (454) (425) (555) 

Interchange fees 2,030 2,163 2,078 2,028 2,059 

BOLI income 412 383 398 533 372 

Insurance commissions 471 433 420 465 452 

Other 1,328 1,117 949 1,348 990 

Total noninterest income 10,309 10,082 9,497 9,487 9,305 

Noninterest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 12,877 12,594 12,277 12,018 11,304 

Occupancy and equipment 1,645 1,523 1,475 1,507 1,543 

Information technology expenses 2,491 2,150 2,227 2,110 2,147 

Professional fees 539 748 704 834 749 

Advertising and public relations 1,118 965 967 960 1,054 

Communications 213 210 216 226 237 

Other 2,389 2,645 2,464 2,742 2,553 

Total noninterest expense 21,272 20,835 20,330 20,397 19,587 

Income before income taxes 8,859 7,038 6,926 6,744 7,092 

Income taxes 1,427 1,409 1,452 1,411 1,494 

Net income $ 7,432 $ 5,629 $ 5,474 $ 5,333 $ 5,598 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic $ 0.42 $ 0.32 $ 0.31 $ 0.30 $ 0.32 

Diluted 0.42 0.32 0.31 0.30 0.32 

Dividends declared per share 0.1125 0.1125 0.1125 0.1125 0.1100 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 17,531,808 17,587,902 17,551,007 17,560,210 17,567,839 

Diluted 17,531,808 17,587,902 17,551,007 17,560,210 17,567,839 

15

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Quarterly Comparison

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands, except per share data) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Assets $ 3,109,782 $ 3,065,103 $ 3,007,907 $ 3,015,509 $ 3,053,422 

Loans, net 1,824,000 1,866,374 1,846,768 1,840,361 1,865,099 

Deposits 2,567,943 2,524,970 2,460,225 2,522,748 2,544,790 

Total equity 278,675 276,052 264,743 259,914 254,935 

Net income 7,432 5,629 5,474 5,333 5,598 

Earnings per basic share $ 0.42 $ 0.32 $ 0.31 $ 0.30 $ 0.32 

Key Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets 0.95 % 0.74 % 0.73 % 0.71 % 0.73 % 

Operating return on average assets (a) 0.99 % 0.81 % 0.80 % 0.76 % 0.71 % 

Return on average total equity 10.71 % 8.33 % 8.46 % 8.38 % 9.20 % 

Operating return on average total equity (a) 11.18 % 9.18 % 9.22 % 9.10 % 8.90 % 

Total equity to total assets 8.96 % 9.01 % 8.80 % 8.62 % 8.35 % 

Tangible equity to tangible assets (a) 7.42 % 7.43 % 7.18 % 6.99 % 6.73 % 

Net interest margin 2.84 % 2.64 % 2.68 % 2.69 % 2.70 % 

(a) Non-GAAP measure - see Explanation of Certain Unaudited Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information and reconciliation to GAAP. 

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Quarterly Deposits Composition Comparison

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Noninterest-bearing demand $ 462,283 $ 439,892 $ 437,623 $ 476,413 $ 498,992 

Interest-bearing demand 813,783 769,123 788,674 802,596 759,299 

Savings 687,603 684,371 670,848 650,188 660,311 

Time, $250,000 and over 185,176 198,942 168,856 173,386 167,680 

Other time 419,098 432,642 394,224 420,165 458,508 

Total $ 2,567,943 $ 2,524,970 $ 2,460,225 $ 2,522,748 $ 2,544,790 

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Quarterly Deposits by Location Comparison

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Coastal Georgia $ 145,828 $ 142,580 $ 144,021 $ 138,103 $ 137,398 

Middle Georgia 279,360 269,144 275,758 286,697 265,788 

Atlanta and North Georgia 318,927 321,808 336,338 333,856 334,003 

South Georgia 1,217,433 1,165,529 1,110,049 1,132,701 1,134,662 

West Georgia 337,818 357,450 365,380 378,764 384,750 

Brokered deposits 59,499 70,999 39,240 59,019 93,561 

Reciprocal deposits 209,078 197,460 189,439 193,608 194,628 

Total $ 2,567,943 $ 2,524,970 $ 2,460,225 $ 2,522,748 $ 2,544,790 

16

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Quarterly Loan Comparison

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Core $ 1,720,444 $ 1,759,600 $ 1,732,843 $ 1,718,284 $ 1,729,866 

Purchased 122,536 126,437 132,731 140,734 153,604 

Total $ 1,842,980 $ 1,886,037 $ 1,865,574 $ 1,859,018 $ 1,883,470 

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Quarterly Loans by Composition Comparison

2024 2023 

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter 

Construction, land & land development $ 205,046 $ 196,390 $ 199,916 $ 234,000 $ 247,146 

Other commercial real estate 990,648 1,012,466 985,102 971,205 974,649 

Total commercial real estate 1,195,694 1,208,856 1,185,018 1,205,205 1,221,795 

Residential real estate 344,167 349,777 360,847 347,277 355,973 

Commercial, financial & agricultural 213,910 242,389 242,205 239,837 242,743 

Consumer and other 89,209 85,015 77,504 66,699 62,959 

Total $ 1,842,980 $ 1,886,037 $ 1,865,574 $ 1,859,018 $ 1,883,470 

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. 

Quarterly Loans by Location Comparison 

2024 2023

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter

Alabama $ 45,365 $ 46,630 $ 44,575 $ 44,806 $ 45,594 

Florida 13,135 12,280 2,753 1,579 40 

Augusta 76,492 59,557 64,465 71,483 65,284 

Coastal Georgia 224,609 220,452 228,844 232,557 243,492 

Middle Georgia 121,059 120,843 124,268 121,131 118,806 

Atlanta and North Georgia 427,046 432,377 427,568 425,753 426,724 

South Georgia 384,907 427,887 413,098 409,681 436,728 

West Georgia 169,699 184,634 184,365 183,679 187,751 

Small Business Specialty Lending 81,636 79,967 75,182 71,196 68,637 

Consumer Portfolio Mortgages 250,555 253,481 257,772 261,204 255,771 

Marine/RV Lending 46,941 45,785 41,922 35,017 33,191 

Other 1,536 2,144 762 932 1,452 

Total $ 1,842,980 $ 1,886,037 $ 1,865,574 $ 1,859,018 $ 1,883,470 

17

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Classified Loans

2024 2023

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter

$ # $ # $ # $ # $ #

Construction, land & land development $ $ $ 54 3 $ 572 11 $ 1,063 14

Other commercial real estate 13,367 38 13,338 36 13,990 34 13,918 46 10,219 39

Residential real estate 1,265 83 1,554 85 2,168 104 5,896 183 7,103 187

Commercial, financial & agricultural 5,407 70 6,005 61 6,075 54 5,487 70 5,284 58

Consumer and other 64 22 21 23 68 24 92 67 85 76

TOTAL $ 20,103 213 $ 20,918 205 $ 22,355 219 $ 25,965 377 $ 23,754 374

Classified loans to total loans 1.09 % 1.11 % 1.20 % 1.40 % 1.26 % 

Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Criticized Loans

2024 2023

(dollars in thousands) Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter

$ # $ # $ # $ # $ #

Construction, land & land development $ 2,865 9 $ 4,418 9 $ 626 6 $ 1,543 18 $ 2,192 21

Other commercial real estate 32,077 65 32,790 64 31,544 59 31,498 46 27,445 77

Residential real estate 5,504 89 5,389 90 5,431 107 13,050 249 14,275 253

Commercial, financial & agricultural 8,877 76 9,444 68 7,181 59 8,609 114 12,686 106

Consumer and other 64 22 21 23 68 24 365 85 281 92

TOTAL $ 49,387 261 $ 52,062 254 $ 44,850 255 $ 55,065 512 $ 56,879 549

Criticized loans to total loans 2.68 % 2.76 % 2.40 % 2.96 % 3.02 % 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
final4q2024ip

2 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS This presentation contains "forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In addition, certain statements may be contained in Colony Bankcorp, Inc's (the "Company") future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with the approval of the Company that are not statements of historical fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections and/or expectations of revenues, income or loss, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statement of plans and objectives of Colony Bankcorp, Inc. or its management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; (iv) statements regarding growth strategy, capital management, liquidity and funding and future profitability; and (v) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, support, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, estimate, continue, further, plan, point to, project, could, intend, target and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to: the impact of current and future economic conditions, particularly those affecting the financial services industry, including the effects of declines in the real estate market, high unemployment rates, inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates (including the impact of prolonged elevated interest rates on our financial projections and models) and slowdowns in economic growth, as well as the financial stress on borrowers as a result of the foregoing; the risk of reductions in benchmark interest rates and the resulting impacts on net interest income; potential impacts of adverse developments in the banking industry highlighted by high-profile bank failures, including impacts on customer confidence, deposit outflows, liquidity and the regulatory response thereto; risks arising from media coverage of the banking industry; risks arising from perceived instability in the banking sector; the risks of changes in interest rates and their effects on the level, cost, and composition of, and competition for, deposits, loan demand and timing of payments, the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; the ability to attract new or retain existing deposits, to retain or grow loans or additional interest and fee income, or to control noninterest expense; the effect of pricing pressures on the Companys net interest margin; the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible credit losses, fair value for loans and other real estate owned; changes in real estate values; the Companys ability to implement its various strategic and growth initiatives; increased competition in the financial services industry, particularly from regional and national institutions, as well as from fintech companies; economic conditions, either nationally or locally, in areas in which the Company conducts operations being less favorable than expected; changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; developments in our mortgage banking business, including loan modifications, general demand, and the effects of judicial or regulatory requirements or guidance; legislation or regulatory changes which adversely affect the ability of the consolidated Company to conduct business combinations or new operations; adverse results from current or future litigation, regulatory examinations or other legal and/or regulatory actions, including as a result of the Company's participation in and execution of government programs; significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or financial markets and the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment securities; the effects of war or other conflicts including the impacts related to or resulting from Russias military action in Ukraine or the conflict in Israel and surrounding areas; general risks related to the Companys merger and acquisition activity, including risks associated with the Companys pursuit of future acquisitions; the impact of generative artificial intelligence; fraud or misconduct by internal or external actors, and system failures, cybersecurity threats or security breaches and the cost of defending against them; a deterioration of the credit rating for U.S. long-term sovereign debt, actions that the U.S. government may take to avoid exceeding the debt ceiling, and uncertainties surrounding debt ceiling and the federal budget; a potential U.S. federal government shutdown and the resulting impacts; and general competitive, economic, political and market conditions or other unexpected factors or events. These and other factors, risks and uncertainties could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Many of these factors are beyond the Companys ability to control or predict. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. These forward-looking statements are based upon information presently known to the Companys management and are inherently subjective, uncertain and subject to change due to any number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks and other factors set forth in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, under the captions Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors, and in the Companys quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward- looking statements. 

3 (1) Community bank defined as having less than $10.0 billion in total assets and providing a full suite of consumer and commercial products. Source: FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) COMPANY PROFILE Georgias largest community bank, headquartered outside of Atlanta(1) $3.1 billion in assets as of December 31, 2024 34 locations in Georgia, 1 in Alabama and 1 in Florida Diversification of revenue streams Track record of solid organic growth Increase in deposit franchise 

6 Name Position Years In Banking Years With Colony Edward "Lee" Bagwell EVP, Chief Risk Officer and General Counsel 21 21 Leonard H. "Lenny" Bateman EVP, Chief Credit Officer 28 5 Ed Canup EVP, Chief Banking Officer 42 2 R. Dallis "D" Copeland, Jr. President 32 3 Kimberly Dockery EVP, Chief of Staff 18 6 T. Heath Fountain Chief Executive Officer 24 6 Daniel Rentz EVP, Chief Information Officer 17 17 Laurie Senn EVP, Chief Administrative Officer 22 4 Derek Shelnutt EVP, Chief Financial Officer 10 4 EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM 

7 COLONY MOVES TO NYSE Transitioned to the NYSE in November of 2024 Provides opportunity for higher trading volumes with lower volatility and tighter spreads Joins several peers and other community banks listed on the NYSE Increased liquidity for our stock and long-term value creation for our shareholders 

8 OBJECTIVES AND FOCUS Achieve performance objectives in complementary lines of business Maintain noninterest expense discipline to align with growth expectations Achieve return on assets target of 1.00% Focus on growing core deposits and customer relationships Growing wallet share and revenue per customer using data advancements Short-Term Objectives Long-Term Objectives 5 complementary lines of business > $1 million in net income Improve efficiency through economies of scale Return on assets in top quartile of peers Continue to benefit from industry consolidation Grow our customer base by 8 - 12% per year 

9 ORGANIC GROWTH Presence in dynamic growth markets of Atlanta, Augusta, Birmingham, North Florida and Savannah provides opportunity for above average growth Second-tier MSA markets of Albany, Columbus, Macon and Valdosta have significant market share held by large regional and national banks, creating the opportunity for growth in market share Smaller markets where Colony has stable deposits and significant market shares creates the opportunity to grow insurance, wealth management and other complementary lines of business Utilization of data improves the effectiveness of marketing and business development activity Proactive calling effort by bankers, including executive and senior management, to develop new business and deepen relationships Expect to return to 8 - 12% organic growth run rate by the end of 2025 

10 M&A STRATEGY Colony seeks to benefit from industry consolidation and become the acquirer of choice in Georgia and contiguous states 319 banks under $600 million 87 banks between $600 million and $1.2 billion Proactive outreach effort to generate opportunities Management team with deep M&A experience 

11 EFFICIENCY AND SCALING Focused on process improvement and ensuring it is easy to do business with Colony Bank Hired a Director of Optimization with experience from a large regional bank to oversee process improvement and customer experience Utilization of Robotic Process Automation ("RPA") and other innovative technology to improve the customer experience Implementation of cross functional teams to reduce friction and improve the customer experience Building operational capacity in order to maintain efficiency through organic growth and M&A 

12 INNOVATION AND DATA STRATEGY Successful digital banking implementation offering customers an elevated, seamless and convenient banking experience Research and develop all potential technology-based opportunities Increase customer wallet share through data gathering and analytics Full implementation of Salesforce based customer relationship management ("CRM") system to influence a more complete customer relationship through calling efforts and targeted marketing Implemented nCino to allow an upgrade of the customer loan experience and reduce operational friction, leading to increased production capacity and efficiency Implemented middleware for applying API-based technology to allow seamless integration for Fintech partnerships Implement data warehouse to allow improved data usage across all lines of business 

13 COMPLEMENTARY LINES OF BUSINESS 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Pre-tax Profit/ Loss Pre-tax Profit/ Loss Pre-tax Profit/ Loss Pre-tax Profit/ Loss Pre-tax Profit/ Loss Mortgage $ 26 $ (13) $ 180 $ 346 $ (101) SBSL 686 1109 1,674 1,819 2,242 Marine/RV Lending 16 (71) (58) 22 211 Merchant Services (28) (37) 7 (10) Wealth Advisors 20 36 36 41 38 Insurance 56 56 4 33 68 TOTAL $ 776 $ 1,080 $ 1,843 $ 2,261 $ 2,448 

14 SMALL BUSINESS SPECIALTY LENDING GROUP (Dollars in millions) Production and Sales Volume $24.0 $35.6 $25.8 $30.1 $22.2 $18.0 $24.0 $27.0 $27.2 $30.0 Production Sales 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 SBSL hit its highest mark in production in the first quarter of 2024 Consistent increase quarter over quarter in sales Loan Portfolio Breakdown - $102.4 million Construction 2% Commercial RE 54.7% Residential RE 11% Commercial, financial & agriculture 31.7% 

15 MORTGAGE DIVISION (Dollars in millions) Increased mortgage production relative to the continued market rate changes Remain focused on secondary market products and gain on sale of mortgage loans Continue to adjust staffing levels, delivery models and product set to maintain profitability $45.3 $50.1 $65.1 $66.6 $76.9 $40.1 $36.6 $45.2 $57.8 $51.4 Production Sales 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 Production and Sales Volume 

16 The current indicated annual rate is $0.46 per share, equating to a yield of 2.9%.(2) SHAREHOLDER FOCUSED DIVIDEND POLICY (1) The Board of Directors declared a dividend to be paid on its common stock on February 19, 2025, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 5, 2025. (2) Yield is based on closing stock price on January 20, 2025 of $15.84. Quarterly Dividend Payment $0.1025 $0.1075 $0.1100 $0.1125 $0.1150 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025() 

17 CAPITAL RATIOS 9.2% 9.2% 9.4% 9.5% 9.5% 12.7% 13.0% 13.4% 13.7% 14.3% 15.4% 15.8% 16.2% 16.5% 17.1% 11.6% 11.9% 12.3% 12.5% 13.1% Tier One Leverage Ratio Tier One Ratio Total Risk-based Capital Ratio Common Equity Tier One Capital Ratio 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 

18 STRENGTH IN OUR LIQUIDITY POSITION Significant liquidity sources (dollars in millions) FRB Reserves $ 200.5 Other Cash and Due from Banks 29.1 Unencumbered Securities 337.1 FHLB Borrowing Capacity 578.7 Fed Fund Lines 64.5 FRB Discount Window 96.1 Total Liquidity Sources $ 1,306.0 $24.2 $24.2 $24.2 $24.2 $24.2 $39.2 $38.7 $38.8 $38.8 $38.8 $175.0 $155.0 $205.0 $185.0 $185.0 Trust Preferred Securities Subordinated Debentures FRB Discount Window FHLB Borrowings 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 Debt Funding* (dollars in millions) *Reported as of last day of each period As of December 31, 2024 

19 30% 35% 30% 31% 34% Service Charges & Fees Mortgage Loans & Related Fees SBA & Related Fees Insurance Division Merchant Services Wealth Management Interchange Income Other Total Non Int. Income/Total Income 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 0% 20% 40% 60% 80% 100% ANNUAL NONINTEREST INCOME MIX *Wealth Management services commenced in 3rd quarter 2022 and is less than 1% 

20 33% 34% 34% 35% 33% Service Charges & Fees Mortgage Loans & Related Fees SBA & Related Fees Insurance Division Merchant Services Wealth Management Interchange Income Other Total Non Int. Income/Total Income 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 0% 25% 50% 75% 100% QUARTERLY NONINTEREST INCOME MIX 

21 0.51% 0.19% 0.32% 1.76% 2.42% Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Savings/money market Time Cost of interest-bearing deposits 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 ANNUAL DEPOSIT MIX AND PRICING 

22 2.25% 2.36% 2.40% 2.54% 2.38% Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Savings/money market Time Cost of interest-bearing deposits 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 QUARTERLY DEPOSIT MIX AND PRICING 

23 AVERAGE DEPOSIT BALANCE PER ACCOUNT $14.8 $14.0 $12.8 $13.0 $13.7 $18.8 $19.6 $19.6 $19.3 $20.4 $33.7 $35.0 $36.5 $37.5 $39.5 $46.6 $47.9 $48.4 $51.6 $51.2 Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Savings/money market Time 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 DEPOSIT BALANCE DATA Commercial/business is 13.6% of accounts and represents 45.3% of total deposits balance Consumer is 86.4% of accounts and represents 54.7% of total deposits balance (excludes brokered and reciprocal deposits) as of December 31, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) 

24 DIVERSITY OF BUSINESS DEPOSIT BASE As of December 31, 2024 Public Administration 21.8% Construction 13.1% Educational Services 7.2% Real Estate and Rental and Leasing 9.2% Other Services(except Public Administration) 7.2% Health Care and Social Assistance 4.4% Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, 3.9%Finance and Insurance, 13.2% Management of Companies and Enterprises, 2.5% Retail Trade, 3.6% Manufacturing, 4.1% Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 3.2% Accommodation and Food Services 1.3% Wholesale Trade, 1.9% Transportation and Warehousing 1.4% All other, 2.3% As determined by customer provided NAICS Codes 

25 Uninsured Deposits Estimate Adjusted Uninsured Deposits Estimate * Dec-23 Mar-24 Jun-24 Sep-24 Dec-24 10.00% 15.00% 20.00% 25.00% 30.00% 35.00% UNINSURED DEPOSITS *Adjusted uninsured deposit estimate excludes deposits collateralized by public funds or internal accounts. All deposits are held at Colony Bank and include the Company's own funds. 

26 LOAN PORTFOLIO BREAKDOWN As of December 31, 2024 $1,843.0 million Real Estate 83.6% Consumer and Other 4.8% Commercial 10.7% Agriculture 0.9% $1,539.9 million Multifamily real estate 4.6% Residential real estate 22.3% Construction 13.3% Farmland 4.5% Nonowner occupied real estate 33.2% Owner occupied real estate 22.1% 

27 LOAN PORTFOLIO (Dollars in millions) Organic Loan Growth $1,883 $1,859 $1,866 $1,886 $1,843 Organic Purchased Loans 4Q2023 1Q2024 2Q2024 3Q2024 4Q2024 Weighted Average Loan to Values 69.8% 72.4% 72.2% 72.9% 67.0% 45.0% 45.5% 47.7% 46.2% 48.2% Residential Construction Non Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate 4Q2023 1Q2024 2Q2024 3Q2024 4Q2024 $37.4 $49.4 $45.4 $55.8 $39.6 $4.7 $18.6 $14.5 $28.5 $20.6$2.6 $1.6 $1.1 $6.1 $8.2 Permanent NOO CRE Commercial, Construction and Development Residential Construction 4Q2023 1Q2024 2Q2024 3Q2024 4Q2024 Commercial Real Estate Production Residential Construction Loan Originations by Quarter $4.1 $6.2 $4.7 $8.5 $6.9 $33.3 $43.2 $40.7 $47.3 $32.7 Consumer Commercial 4Q2023 1Q2024 2Q2024 3Q2024 4Q2024 

28 COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE BY TYPE Retail 27% Multifamily 12% Office 13% Industrial & Warehouse 12% Hotel/Motel 9% Convenience Store 2% Daycare, 4% Civic/Event Center 4% Mini-warehouse, 8% Government Guaranteed:SBSL, 3% Specialty and Other, 6% Type Outstanding Balance Average Deal Size Retail $ 157,645 $ 1,222 Multifamily 70,390 1,100 Office 76,391 804 Industrial & Warehouse 70,669 1,087 Hotel/Motel 51,887 1,996 Convenience Store 10,088 721 Daycare 23,684 1,247 Civic/Event Center 26,563 2,214 Mini-warehouse 49,521 1,834 Government Guaranteed:SBSL 15,155 1,516 Specialty and Other 32,851 747 (Dollars in thousands) As of December 31, 2024 

29 INVESTMENT SECURITIES Description Book Value Percentage U.S. Agency MBS/CMO $ 331,507 38 % Municipal 257,524 30 % Private Label MBS 83,807 10 % U.S. Treasuries 94,117 11 % Corporates 53,323 6 % SBA and Asset-Backed Securities 20,927 3 % U.S. Government Agencies 16,317 2 % (Dollars in thousands) Portfolio Composition December 31, 2024 Municipal Securities December 31, 2024 With a rating of at least: Number of Securities Book Value Market Value (HTM and AFS) Unrealized Loss AAA/Aaa 45 $ 65,860 $ 53,821 $ 12,039 AA+/Aa1 50 64,855 55,914 8,941 AA/Aa2 49 94,781 80,053 14,728 AA-/Aa3 18 31,356 26,530 4,826 A+/A1 1 666 589 77 Unrated 1 6 5 1 TOTAL 164 $ 257,524 $ 216,912 $ 40,612 

30 INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Dollars in thousands) Rating: Number of Securities Book Value Market Value Unrealized Loss AAA 23 $ 72,310 $ 63,468 $ (8,842) Aa3 1 3,072 2,776 (296) NR 6 8,425 8,344 (81) TOTAL 30 $ 83,807 $ 74,588 $ (9,219) Private Label MBS December 31, 2024 Type Book Value Market Value Unrealized Loss Bank Sub-Debt/TPS $ 38,171 $ 34,044 $ (4,127) Other Corporates 15,152 13,738 (1,414) Total $ 53,323 $ 47,782 $ (5,541) Corporate Securities December 31, 2024 

31 INVESTMENT SECURITIES As of: Average Life Effective Duration Book Yield 12/31/2023 7.41 5.23 2.57% 3/31/2024 7.37 5.20 2.52% 6/30/2024 6.96 4.89 2.50% 9/30/2024 6.62 4.86 2.37% 12/31/2024 6.54 4.85 2.41% Other Portfolio Metrics Unrealized Losses on Securities (in millions) AFS/HTM Available for Sale HTM 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 % 25% 50% 75% 100% $48.0 $48.3 $48.3 $37.2 $43.6$43.8 $48.5 $49.6 $34.7 $47.0 AFS HTM 4Q 2023 1Q 2024 2Q 2024 3Q 2024 4Q 2024 Current base case assumptions and modeling suggest principal and interest cash flow from the investment portfolio estimated to be between $20 million and $30 million per quarter for the next 4 quarters 

32 Q4 2024 INVESTMENT SECURITIES SALES Sold securities with a fair value of $8.3 million Transaction resulted in a loss on sale of $401 thousand Combined book yield of 2.15% on sold securities Conservative earnback estimates are approximately 2 years or less Purpose of transaction was to restructure underperforming assets and reinvest at higher yields With changes in the interest rate environment, improved margin, and improved on-hand liquidity, we expect to pause our quarterly security sales going forward. 

33 INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS Premier Southeast community bank located in growing markets Core deposit funded with minimal reliance on wholesale funding Diversified sources of revenue Improving earnings outlook as new business lines and markets mature Upside to tangible book value as unrealized losses improve Deep leadership bench with a proven track record Ability to manage expenses in an uncertain economy Investing in technology and leveraging data for revenue growth 

NYSE: CBAN
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cban-20250122.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cban-20250122_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cban-20250122_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>bankcorp50thanniversaryloga.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip003.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip004.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip005.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip006.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip007.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip008.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip009.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip010.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip011.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip012.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip013.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip014.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip015.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip016.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip017.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip018.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip019.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip020.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip021.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip022.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip023.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip024.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip025.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip026.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip027.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip028.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip029.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip030.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip031.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip033.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>final4q2024ip034.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 22, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 22, 2025

Entity Registrant Name COLONY BANKCORP, INC

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code GA

Entity File Number 001-42397

Entity Tax Identification Number 58-1492391

Entity Address, Address Line One 115 South Grant Street

Entity Address, City or Town Fitzgerald

Entity Address, State or Province GA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 31750

City Area Code 229

Local Phone Number 426-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $1.00 per share

Trading Symbol CBAN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000711669

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://colonybank.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cban-20250122.htm 
cban-20250122.xsd 
cban-20250122_lab.xml 
cban-20250122_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>0000711669-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>cban-20250122_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000711669 

2025-01-22 
2025-01-22 

0000711669 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-22 
COLONY BANKCORP, INC 
GA 
001-42397 
58-1492391 
115 South Grant Street 
115 South Grant Street 
Fitzgerald 
GA 
31750 
229 
426-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $1.00 per share 
CBAN 
NYSE 
false 
2025-01-22 
2025-01-22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>