<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000906163-25-000031.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0000906163-25-000031.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312170905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000906163-25-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NVR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000906163
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				541394360
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12378
		FILM NUMBER:		25732631

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11700 PLAZA AMERICA DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7039564000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11700 PLAZA AMERICA DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nvr-20250311.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?nvr-20250311

0000906163FALSE00009061632025-03-112025-03-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):March 11, 2025

NVR, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Virginia 1-12378 54-1394360

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission 

File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

11700 Plaza America Drive, Suite 500

Reston, Virginia20190

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(703) 956-4000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share NVR New York Stock Exchange

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13(a)of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 11, 2025, NVR, Inc. (the "Company") entered into the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ("Amended Credit Agreement") providing for a five year, $300 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility among the lenders party hereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent. The Amended Credit Agreement replaces the Company's previous credit agreement dated February 12, 2021 and most recently amended December 9, 2022, ("Existing Credit Agreement") that contained substantially similar terms and extends the maturity date from February 11, 2026 to March 11, 2030. The Amended Credit Agreement has an uncommitted accordion feature allowing the Company to increase the aggregate commitment to $600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional Lender commitments. Additionally, the Amended Credit Agreement provides for a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit.

The Amended Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that are substantially similar to those set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement, including a maximum leverage ratio, interest coverage ratio/minimum liquidity and a minimum tangible net worth. 

A copy of the Amended Credit Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is herein incorporated by reference. The above referenced description of the Amended Credit Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to Exhibit 10.1.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of the Registrant

The information required by Item 2.03 is set forth in Item 1.01 above, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description

10.1 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 among NVR, Inc. and the lenders party hereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc. as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Runner. Filed herewith.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

NVR, Inc.

Date: March 12, 2025 By: /s/ Daniel D. Malzahn

Daniel D. Malzahn

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>nvr-secondarcreditagreement.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

Published Deal CUSIP Number: 62945YAE3

Published Revolver CUSIP Number: 62945YAF0

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of March 11, 2025

among

NVR, INC.,

as Borrower,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer,

and

The Other Lenders Party Hereto

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.,

as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner

4901-8586-1905 v.14

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section Page

I. 

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS. 1

1.01 Defined Terms 1

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 26

1.03 Accounting Terms 27

1.04 Rounding 27

1.05 Times of Day 27

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 27

1.07 Interest Rates 28

II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS. 28

2.01 Loans 28

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 28

2.03 Letters of Credit 30

2.04 Prepayments 38

2.05 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 39

2.06 Repayments of Loans 40

2.07 Interest 40

2.08 Fees 40

2.09 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 41

2.10 Evidence of Debt 41

2.11 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent's Clawback 42

2.12 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 44

2.13 Increase in Commitments 44

2.14 Cash Collateral 46

2.15 Defaulting Lenders 46

III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 49

3.01 Taxes 49

3.02 Illegality 52

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 53

3.04 Increased Costs 55

3.05 Compensation for Losses 56

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 57

3.07 Survival 57

IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 57

4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extensions 57

4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 59

V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 60

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 60

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 60

iv

4901-8586-1905 v.14

5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 60

5.04 Binding Effect 60

5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 60

5.06 Litigation 61

5.07 No Default 61

5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens 61

5.09 Environmental Compliance 61

5.10 Insurance 61

5.11 Taxes 61

5.12 ERISA Compliance 62

5.13 Subsidiaries 62

5.14 Margin Regulations; Investment Compliance Act. 63

5.15 Disclosure 63

5.16 Compliance with Laws 63

5.17 OFAC 63

5.18 Anti-Corruption Laws 64

5.19 EEA Financial Institution 64

5.20 Covered Entities 64

5.21 Outbound Investment Rules 64

VI. AFFIRMATIVE CONSENTS 64

6.01 Financial Statements 64

6.02 Certificates; Other Information 64

6.03 Notices 65

6.04 Payments of Obligations 66

6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 66

6.06 Maintenance of Properties 66

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance 67

6.08 Compliance with Laws 67

6.09 Books and Records 67

6.10 Inspection Rights 67

6.11 Use of Proceeds 67

6.12 Guarantors 67

6.13 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 68

6.14 Keepwell 68

6.15 Financial Covenants 68

VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 69

7.01 Liens 69

7.02 Agreement for Negative Pledge 69

7.03 Investments 69

v

4901-8586-1905 v.14

7.04 Fundamental Changes 70

7.05 Restricted Payments 71

7.06 Change in Nature of Business 71

7.07 Transactions with Affiliates 71

7.08 Use of Proceeds 71

7.09 Organization Documents 71

7.10 Accounting Policies 72

7.11 Sanctions 72

7.12 Anti-Corruption Laws 72

7.13 Outbound Investment Rules 72

VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 72

8.01 Events of Default 72

8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 74

8.03 Application of Funds 75

IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 76

9.01 Appointment and Authority 76

9.02 Rights as a Lender 76

9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 76

9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 77

9.05 Delegation of Duties 77

9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 78

9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arranger and Other Lenders 79

9.08 No Other Duties Etc. 80

9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 80

9.10 Guaranty Matters 80

9.11 Certain ERISA Matters 80

9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 82

X. MISCELLANEOUS 83

10.01 Amendments, Etc. 83

10.02 Amend and Extent Transactions 84

10.03 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 85

10.04 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 87

10.05 Expenses; Indemnify; Damage Waiver 88

10.06 Payments Set Aside 90

10.07 Successors and Assigns 90

10.08 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 94

10.09 Right of Setoff 95

10.10 Interest Rate Limitation 95

10.11 Integration; Effectiveness 96

vi

4901-8586-1905 v.14

10.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties 96

10.13 Severability 96

10.14 Replacement of Lenders 96

10.15 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 97

10.16 Waiver of Jury Trial 98

10.17 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 99

10.18 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 99

10.19 USA PATRIOT Act 100

10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 100

10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 100

10.22 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 101

10.23 Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement 102

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages

SCHEDULE 2.03 Existing Letters of Credit

SCHEDULE 5.13 Subsidiaries

SCHEDULE 7.01 Existing Liens

SCHEDULE 7.03 Existing Investments

SCHEDULE 10.03 Administrative Agents Office; Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A Loan Notice

EXHIBIT B Notice of Loan Prepayment

EXHIBIT C Form of Note

EXHIBIT D Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT E Assignment and Assumption

EXHIBIT F Form of Guaranty

EXHIBIT G-1-G-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

vii

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of March 11, 2025, among NVR, INC., a Virginia corporation (Borrower), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Borrower, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, and certain Lenders are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 12, 2021 (as amended, the Existing Credit Agreement). Borrower, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety.

In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

I.DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS.

1.01Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Adjusted Consolidated Indebtedness means, for NVR as of any date of determination, (a) the Indebtedness of NVR on a consolidated basis, minus (b) all Unrestricted Cash in excess of $25,000,000.

Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.

Administrative Agents Office means Administrative Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.03, or such other address or account as Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders.

Agreement has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph.

Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject.

Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15. If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been 

4901-8586-1905 v.14

terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments and to any Lenders status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.

Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a):

Applicable Rate

Pricing Level Leverage Ratio Base Rate Loans Term SOFR Rate Loans, Daily SOFR Rate Loans, and Letters of Credit Unused Fee Applicable Rate

1 

< 15% 0% 1.000% 0.125%

2 

> 15% and < 25% 0.100% 1.100% 0.125%

3 

> 25% and < 35% 0.200% 1.200% 0.150%

4 

> 35% and < 50% 0.350% 1.350% 0.175%

5 > 50% 0.625% 1.625% 0.225%

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a); provided, however, that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 5 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered. The Applicable Rate in effect from the Closing Date through the date of delivery of the first Compliance Certificate due hereunder shall be determined based upon Pricing Level 1.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.09(b).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time that Borrower has a Debt Rating of A-/A3 or higher from at least two (2) of S&P, Moodys, and Fitch, the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Rate Loans, Daily SOFR Rate Loans, and Letters of Credit shall be nine-tenths of one percent (0.900%), the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans shall be zero percent (0.00%) and the Unused Fee Applicable Rate shall be one-tenth of one percent (0.100%) (the Investment Grade Pricing). The Investment Grade Pricing shall be in effect beginning on the date of delivery by Borrower to Administrative Agent of notice that the foregoing condition for the Investment Grade Pricing has been satisfied and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of a change in one or more Debt Ratings such that such condition is not satisfied. As of the Closing Date, Borrower has a Debt Rating of A-/A3 or higher from at least two (2) of S&P, Moodys, and Fitch Borrower and the Investment Grade Pricing is in effect.

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

2

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner.

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.07(b)), and accepted by Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by Administrative Agent.

Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.

Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b).

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors.

Base Ratemeans for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus one-half of one percent (1/2 of 1%), (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus one percent (1.00%) and (d) one percent (1.00%). The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.02 or 3.03, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above.

Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

3

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.1

Bonding Obligations means liabilities and obligations arising under surety bonds and other similar instruments including, but not limited to, performance bonds, completion bonds, payment bonds, maintenance bonds, license bonds, permit bonds, sediment control bonds, grading bonds, condominium association bonds, settlement and title bonds, escrow bonds, insurance bonds, notary bonds, mortgage broker bonds, real estate broker bonds and forest conservation bonds and undrawn letters of credit.

Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located.

Capitalization means, for NVR as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) Adjusted Consolidated Indebtedness plus (b) consolidated net stockholders equity determined in accordance with GAAP.

Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of L/C Issuer or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such Cash Collateral and other credit support.

Cash Equivalents means (a) direct obligations of the United States Treasury including Treasury bills, notes and bonds, (b) securities of agencies of the United States Government which carry the direct or implied guarantee of the United States Government including, but not limited to, Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA), Federal Home Loans Bank (FHLB), Federal Farm Credit Bank (FFCB), Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), Student Loan Marketing Association (SLMA), World Bank and Tennessee Valley Authority, (c) certificates of deposit, eurodollar time deposits, eurodollar certificates of deposits, Yankee certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances or bank money market accounts which are issued by 

1 All ERISA related provisions subject to ERISA review.

4

4901-8586-1905 v.14

any bank or savings and loan association whose short-term debt is rated either A1 or comparable by S&P or P1 or comparable by Moodys or a comparable rating by Fitch or Thompsons Bank Watch, or if such an institution is a Subsidiary, then its parent corporation may have such a rating, provided that deposits placed by depository intermediaries into a network of financial institutions and that are fully insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation are excepted from such short term ratings requirement, (d) commercial paper or finance company paper which is rated not less than prime-one or A-1 or their equivalent by Moodys or S&P or comparable Fitch rating, (e) corporate bonds or debentures including auction rate securities and variable rate demand notes rated either AA or comparable by S&P or Aa2 or comparable by Moodys or comparable Fitch rating, (f) short-term tax exempt securities including municipal notes, commercial paper, auction rate securities and floating rate/variable rate demand notes rated at least A1 or P1 by Moodys or S&P, (g) repurchase agreements collateralized by assets of the type described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (e), provided that repurchase agreements which involve a tri-party custodian may be collateralized by assets which have investment grade debt ratings (e.g., BBB- or comparable by S&P or Fitch, or Baa3 or comparable by Moodys, or better) as long as the repurchase counterparty has a short-term debt rating of either A1 or comparable by S&P or Fitch, or P1 or comparable by Moodys, (h) money market funds regulated by the United States Government under Investment Company Act rule 2a-7 and investment funds advised by a Registered Investment Advisor under SEC rule 3c7, which funds shall have as their highest priority the preservation of principal and, therefore, seek to maintain a fixed share price, (i) yield enhanced funds which, with the exception of including assets whose final maturity exceeds the 397-day maturity allowable under Investment Company Act rule 2a7, comply with such rule and which funds shall have as their highest priority the preservation of principal and, therefore, seek to maintain a fixed share price, and (j) mutual funds that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which have net assets of at least $5,000,000,000 and whose underlying assets consist of the types of instruments enumerated above.

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

Change of Control means an event or series of events by which any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right)), directly or indirectly, of fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity securities of Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body 

5

4901-8586-1905 v.14

of Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right).

Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01.

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Collateral Account has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(o).

Collateral Value means the product of Eligible Loans and the applicable Buyers Margin Percentage, as such terms are defined in and determined under that certain Second Amended and Restated Mortgage Banking Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2022, by and among U.S. Bank National Association, the other buyers from time to time party thereto and NVR Mortgage Finance, Inc., as amended, modified, refinanced or replaced from time to time.

Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Loans to Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement.

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.).

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document.

Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Administrative Agent determines in consultation with Borrower that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Administrative Agent determines in consultation with Borrower is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

6

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, (a) Consolidated Net Income, plus (b) to the extent deducted from revenues in determining such Consolidated Net Income, (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, (ii) expense for federal, state and local income taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) extraordinary or non-recurring losses incurred other than in the ordinary course of business, excluding losses attributable to the write-down or downward evaluation of assets (including the establishment of reserves) and (vi) any loss or expense resulting from early extinguishment of Indebtedness, minus (c) to the extent included in such Consolidated Net Income, (i) interest income, (ii) extraordinary or non-recurring gains realized other than in the ordinary course of business, and (iii) any income or gain resulting from early extinguishment of Indebtedness.

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the interest expense of NVR on a consolidated basis for such period.

Consolidated Interest Incurred means, for any period, the aggregate amount (without duplication and determined in each case in accordance with GAAP) of interest incurred by NVR, whether such interest was expensed or capitalized, paid, accrued, or scheduled to be paid or accrued during such period, all determined on a consolidated basis for such period, including (i) original issue discount and non-cash interest payments or accruals, (ii) the interest portion of all deferred payment obligations, and (iii) all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to bankers acceptances and letter of credit financings and interest swap and hedging obligations, in each case to the extent attributable to such period, provided, however, that interest or other payments or accruals of a consolidated subsidiary that is not wholly owned shall be included only to the extent of the interest in such subsidiary minus interest income of NVR attributable to such period. Notwithstanding that GAAP may otherwise provide, Consolidated Interest Incurred shall not include the amount of any loss or expense resulting from early extinguishment of Indebtedness or interest and other charges amortized to cost of sales. For purposes of this definition, interest on capitalized lease obligations shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such capitalized lease obligations in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, without duplication, the net income of NVR on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP.

Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means, as of any date of determination, the consolidated stockholders equity of NVR less the aggregate amount of all goodwill and other assets that are properly classified as intangible assets at such date in accordance with GAAP.

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto.

Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.22.

Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing; and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

7

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, SOFR published on the fifth (5th) U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such day by the SOFR Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks website (or any successor source); provided, however, that if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then Daily Simple SOFR means such rate so published on the fifth (5th) U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding the first (1st) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined would be less than zero percent (0.00%), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00%) for purposes of the Loans and Loan Documents.

Daily SOFR Rate Loan means a Loan made hereunder with respect to which the interest rate is calculated by reference to Daily Simple SOFR.

Debt Rating means the long term unsecured senior, non-credit enhanced debt rating of Borrower by S&P, Moodys, or Fitch.

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the highest Applicable Rate (regardless of Leverage Ratio or Debt Rating), if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) two percent (2%) per annum; provided, however, that with respect to a Term SOFR Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including the highest Applicable Rate (regardless of Leverage Ratio or Debt Rating)) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus two percent (2%) per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the highest Applicable Rate (regardless of Leverage Ratio or Debt Ratio) plus two percent (2%) per annum. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.15(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies Administrative Agent and Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified Borrower, Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by Administrative Agent or Borrower, to confirm in writing to Administrative Agent and Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant 

8

4901-8586-1905 v.14

to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by Administrative Agent and Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.15(b)) as of the date established therefor by Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by Administrative Agent to Borrower, L/C Issuer and each other Lender promptly following such determination.

Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction.

Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division.

Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person) among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive.

Dollar and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time.

9

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.07(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.07(b)(iii)).

Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code).

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other 

10

4901-8586-1905 v.14

than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.

Excluded Subsidiaries means (a) all Mortgage Banking Subsidiaries, (b) NVR Services, Inc., RVN, Inc., and NVR Funding II, Inc., and (c) all Immaterial Subsidiaries.

Excluded Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 6.14 and any other keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantors Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor, or a grant by such Guarantor of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, then such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by Borrower under Section 10.14) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(b) or 3.01(c), amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

Existing Letters of Credit means, as of the date hereof, the Letters of Credit set forth on Schedule 2.03.

Extended Commitment means any portion of the Commitments the maturity of which shall have been extended pursuant to Section 10.02.

Extended Loans means any Loans made pursuant to the Extended Commitments.

Extension has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a).

11

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement (which may, at the option of Administrative Agent and Borrower, be in the form of an amendment and restatement of this Agreement) among the Loan Parties, the applicable extending Lenders, Administrative Agent and, to the extent required by Section 10.02, and/or L/C Issuer implementing an Extension in accordance with Section 10.02.

Extension Offer has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(a).

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version described above) and any intergovernmental agreement (and related fiscal or regulatory legislation, or related official rules or practices) implementing the foregoing.

Federal Funds Ratemeans, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero percent (0.00%), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00%)for purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letter means the fee letter agreement, dated February 7, 2025, among Borrower, Administrative Agent and Arranger.

Fitch means Fitch, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Foreign Lender means (a) if Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.

FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.

Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or 

12

4901-8586-1905 v.14

such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guarantors means, collectively, as of any date of determination, (a) each Subsidiary of Borrower which has executed a Guaranty, together with their successors and assigns, in each case to the extent such Subsidiary has not been released from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and (b) with respect to the payment and performance by each Specified Loan Party of its obligations under a Guaranty with respect to all Swap Obligations, Borrower. As of the Closing Date, there are no Guarantors.

Guaranty means a guaranty, substantially in the form of Exhibit F, executed by a Guarantor or Guarantors in favor of Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, each Subsidiary of Borrower, now owned or hereafter acquired, that has assets as of such date with a GAAP book value of less than $7,500,000, provided that the aggregate GAAP book value of assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries as of any such date shall not exceed $130,000,000.

13

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, all liabilities and obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person:

(a) in respect of borrowed money (whether or not the recourse of the lender is to the whole of the assets of such Person or only to a portion thereof and whether or not such liabilities or obligations are subordinate to any other liabilities or obligations);

(b) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments;

(c) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price (including any seller financing) of any property or services, except (i) those incurred in the ordinary course of its business that would constitute ordinarily a trade payable to trade creditors and (ii) liabilities related to consolidated variable interest entities (but specifically excluding from such exception the deferred purchase price of Real Estate, provided that, for clarity, Indebtedness shall not include the deferred purchase price of Real Estate under options to purchase such Real Estate that have not been exercised or the obligation of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower to make Scheduled Lot Deposit Payments);

(d) evidenced by bankers acceptances;

(e) consisting of obligations, whether or not assumed, secured by Liens on any property (including Equity Interests held by such Person) now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person (in the case of such obligations where recourse to Borrower and its Subsidiaries is limited to the assets secured by such Liens, valued at an amount not to exceed the value of the property securing such Liens, and, in the case of Equity Interests securing Indebtedness of a non-wholly-owned Subsidiary, valued at an amount not to exceed the amount of the Indebtedness allocable to the Equity Interests in such Subsidiary) or payable out of the proceeds or production from property now or hereafter owned or acquired by such Person (except (i) joint development agreements to pay or reimburse the costs of construction or development in the ordinary course of business, (ii) Liens securing Bonding Obligations, or (iii) Liens securing land deposits from third parties);

(f) consisting of capitalized lease obligations or finance lease liabilities (specifically excluding any operating lease liabilities under GAAP as in effect on July 15, 2016 and upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02);

(g) consisting of net liabilities under hedging obligations (valued as the termination value thereof, computed in accordance with a method approved by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association and agreed to by such Person in the applicable agreement);

(h) any synthetic lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off balance sheet financing product of such Person where such transaction is considered borrowed money indebtedness for tax purposes but is classified as an operating lease in accordance with GAAP;

(i) obligations of such Person to reimburse the issuer of a letter of credit for amounts that have been paid by such issuer in respect of drawings thereunder;

(j) consisting of contingent obligations of a Person in respect of liabilities and obligations of another Person of the type described in clauses (a) through (i) above (except bad 

14

4901-8586-1905 v.14

boy or completion or performance guarantees or contingent obligations shall not constitute contingent obligations except to the extent of the amount then due and payable thereunder); and

(k) such Persons pro rata share of the obligations and liabilities under clauses (a) through (j) above of any joint venture in which such Person holds an interest to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such joint venture, except to the extent that the terms of such obligations and liabilities provide that such Person is not liable therefor,

provided that Indebtedness shall not include Bonding Obligations.

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.05(b).

Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.08.

Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of NVR for the twelve (12) month period ending on such date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Incurred.

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Daily SOFR Rate Loan, the first (1st) Business Day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date, (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date and (c) with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Rate Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates.

Interest Period means, as to each Term SOFR Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Rate Loan and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter, as selected by Borrower in its Loan Notice (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability); provided that:

(i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

(ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or other securities of 

15

4901-8586-1905 v.14

another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, net of any returns (including any return of capital) on such Investment, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time).

Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by L/C Issuer and Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit.

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.

L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.

L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Borrowing.

L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof.

L/C Disbursement means a payment made by L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

L/C Issuer means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of L/C Issuer, in which case the term L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 

L/C Obligations means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, including any automatic or scheduled increases provided for by the terms of such Letters of Credit, determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could be met at that time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. The L/C Obligations of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total L/C Obligations at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the UCP or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit 

16

4901-8586-1905 v.14

shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit.

Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Lender Party has the meaning specified in Section 9.12.

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify Borrower and Administrative Agent,which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office.

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit.

Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by L/C Issuer.

Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is one (1) year after the Maturity Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(j).

Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $100,000,000 and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments.

Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the quotient obtained by dividing (a) Adjusted Consolidated Indebtedness, by (b) Capitalization.

Lien means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, each Note, each Issuer Document, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14 of this Agreement, the Fee Letter, and any Guaranty and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document.

Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to another, or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans, in each case pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which 

17

4901-8586-1905 v.14

shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower.

Loan Parties means, collectively, Borrower and each Guarantor.

Mandate Letter means the mandate letter, dated February 7, 2025, among Borrower, Administrative Agent and Arranger.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, properties, financial condition or results of operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) the ability of Borrower to perform its payment and other material obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) the rights and remedies of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders under any Loan Document.

Material Subsidiary means, as of any date of determination, any Subsidiary of Borrower that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary.

Maturity Date means March 11, 2030; provided, however, that if such date is not a Business Day, then the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to one hundred and two percent (102%) of the Fronting Exposure of L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.03(o), one hundred and two percent (102%) of the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations at such time (or, in the case of the last sentence of such Section 2.03(o), the L/C Obligations in respect of each Letter of Credit that has an expiration date beyond the Maturity Date), and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

Mortgage Banking Subsidiaries means Subsidiaries of Borrower that are principally engaged in the mortgage banking and title services businesses.

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.

Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA.

Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders.

18

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.

Note means a promissory note made by Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer.

NVR means Borrower and all consolidated Subsidiaries of Borrower (but excluding all Mortgage Banking Subsidiaries).

Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including (a) interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding and (b) any Swap Contract entered into in connection with the Loans by any Loan Party with respect to which a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender is a party; provided that the Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Organization Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction), (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or limited liability company agreement, and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06).

19

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Outbound Investment Rules means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States Department of the Treasury under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation, as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq.

Outstanding Amount means: (a) with respect to Loans, on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Loans occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.

Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d).

Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d).

Payment in Full means all Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal amount of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full (other than contingent obligations with respect to which no claim has been asserted) and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated (other than Letters of Credit for which Borrower has provided Cash Collateral in accordance with the terms hereof or as to which other arrangements with respect thereto satisfactory to Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer in their sole discretion shall have been made).

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Act means the Pension Protection Act of 2006.

Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Act, Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.

Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code.

Permitted Liens means:

(a) Liens imposed by any Governmental Authority for taxes, assessments or other charges not yet subject to penalty or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of Borrower in accordance with GAAP;

(b) statutory Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, landlords, repairmen or other like Liens arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business, provided that (i) the underlying obligations are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or (ii) such Liens are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and 

20

4901-8586-1905 v.14

adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of Borrower in accordance with GAAP;

(c) Liens securing the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(d) easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions, assessment district or similar Liens in connection with municipal financing, and similar restrictions, encumbrances or title defects which, singly or in the aggregate, do not in any case interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

(e) Liens arising by operation of law in connection with judgments, only to the extent, for an amount and for a period not resulting in an Event of Default with respect thereto;

(f) pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other types of social security legislation;

(g) Liens existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 7.01; provided that such Liens shall secure only those obligations which they secure on the Closing Date (and any renewals, extensions and refinancings of such obligations) and shall not extend to any other assets of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

(h) Liens securing Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of Borrower or is merged with or into Borrower or a Subsidiary of Borrower and Liens on assets or properties at the time of acquisition thereof, provided that such Liens were in existence prior to the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation, were not incurred in anticipation thereof and do not extend to any other assets (and any renewals, extensions and refinancings, but not increases of the principal amount of such Indebtedness except by an amount no greater than accrued and unpaid interest in respect of such Indebtedness and any fees, premiums and expenses relating to such renewal, extension or refinancing);

(i) Liens securing seller financing incurred in connection with the acquisition of an asset, provided that such Lien is incurred at the time of such acquisition and such Lien encumbers only the asset so acquired (and any renewals, extensions and refinancings, but not increases or refundings, of such Indebtedness);

(j) Liens securing land deposits from third parties;

(k) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

(l) Liens against the Equity Interests held by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in a (x) joint venture securing (i) Indebtedness of such joint venture or (ii) obligations owing to any joint venture partner or (y) Subsidiary securing Indebtedness of such Subsidiary and is otherwise non-recourse to Borrower or any other Subsidiary (other than customary bad boy Guarantees);

(m) Liens (i) arising pursuant to vexatious, frivolous or meritless claims, suits, actions or filings, or other similar bad faith actions, taken by a Person not an Affiliate of Borrower; provided that a Loan Party is disputing such Lien in good faith by appropriate proceedings and such Lien is released within ninety (90) days of the date such Lien arose or 

21

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(ii) securing judgments to the extent not constituting an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(h);

(n) Liens securing Swap Obligations arising in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes;

(o) Liens arising by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to bankers Liens, rights of setoff or similar rights as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution;

(p) (i) Liens securing obligations (not constituting Indebtedness) to third parties, in connection with joint development agreements with such third parties, to perform and/or pay for or reimburse the costs of construction and/or development related to or benefiting the property belonging to such third parties, and (ii) to the extent constituting Liens (and not securing Indebtedness), Liens, encumbrances and restrictions arising in purchase and sale contracts, in each case of subclauses (i) and (ii), incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(q) leases or subleases granted to others not materially interfering with the ordinary business of Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries; and

(r) Liens securing other Indebtedness or obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000 at any time outstanding.

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees.

Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Real Estate means land, rights in land and interests therein (including leasehold interests), and equipment, structures, improvements, furnishings, fixtures and buildings (including a mobile home installed on a developed site) located on or used in connection with land, rights in land or interests therein (including leasehold interests), but shall not include mortgages or interests therein.

Recipient means Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer.

Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(c).

Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

22

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived.

Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Loans, a Loan Notice and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application.

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders at such time or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lenders participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this computation). The Total Credit Exposure of, and Total Outstandings held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that the amount of any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by L/C Issuer in making such determination; provided further that, this definition is subject to Section 3.03. At any time that there is only (1) Lender, then Required Lenders means such Lender. At any time there are two (2) or more Lenders, then, subject to the following sentence, Required Lenders means at least two (2) Lenders that are not Affiliates of each other. At any time that all but one (1) of the Lenders are Defaulting Lenders, then Required Lenders shall mean the non-Defaulting Lender.

Rescindable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(b)(iii).

Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(a).

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party, and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Section II, any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to Borrowers stockholders, 

23

4901-8586-1905 v.14

partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof); provided, however, that no such dividend, distribution, payment or return of capital shall constitute a Restricted Payment to the extent made solely with the common Equity Interests of Borrower.

Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Loans and such Lenders participation in L/C Obligations at such time.

Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT) or other relevant sanctions authority.

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global, Inc., and any successor thereto.

Scheduled Lot Deposit Payments means obligations of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower to increase the amount of earnest money deposit payable under an option or other contract to purchase Real Estate.

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to Administrative Agent.

Specified Loan Party means any Loan Party that is not an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act (determined prior to giving effect to Section 6.14).

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Borrower.

Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).

Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar 

24

4901-8586-1905 v.14

transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Swap Obligations means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

ARTICLE I."Term SOFRmeans: 

(a)for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto;and

(b)for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one (1) month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto;

provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero percent (0.00%), the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero percent (0.00%) for purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR.

Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable 

25

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by Administrative Agent from time to time). 

Threshold Amount means $100,000,000.

Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time.

Total Outstandings means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations as of such date.

Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Daily SOFR Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Rate Loan.

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the applicable jurisdiction.

UCP means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time).

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any Person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

United States and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f).

Unrestricted Cash means cash and Cash Equivalents of NVR (including cash that a title company or other escrow agent is unconditionally prepared to disburse to NVR) that are free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens securing the Obligations and bankers Liens) and not subject to any restrictions on the use thereof to pay Indebtedness and other obligations of NVR.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; provided that for purposes of Sections 5.21 and 7.13, U.S. Person means any United States citizen, lawful permanent resident, entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including any foreign branch of any such entity, or any person in the United States.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(B)(3).

26

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and Administrative Agent.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

1.02Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:

(a)The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including, in the case of an agreement relating to Indebtedness, any refinancing or replacement thereof, but in any event subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements, refinancings, replacements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

(b)In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including.

(c)Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d)Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability 

27

4901-8586-1905 v.14

company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

(e)Whenever any performance obligation hereunder or under any Loan Document (other than a payment obligation) shall be stated to be due or required to be satisfied on a day other than a Business Day, such due date or satisfaction date shall be deemed extended to the next succeeding Business Day.

1.03Accounting Terms.

(a)Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at one hundred percent (100%) of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.

(b)Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, Administrative Agent, the Lenders and Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (A) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (B) Borrower shall provide to Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above.

(c)Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities. All references herein to consolidated financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein.

1.04Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

1.05Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).

1.06Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.

28

4901-8586-1905 v.14

1.07Interest Rates. Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility for, nor shall Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to Borrower. Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

II.THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS.

2.01Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Loan) to Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (a) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment. Within the limits of each Lenders Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.04, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Term SOFR Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans, in each case as further provided and subject to the limitations set forth herein.

2.02Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans.

(a)Each Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be made upon Borrowers irrevocable notice to Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice. Each such Loan Notice must be received by Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) two (2) Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Rate Loans to Daily SOFR Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of any Daily SOFR Rate Loans or of any conversion of Daily SOFR Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans or Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Section 2.03(f), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the 

29

4901-8586-1905 v.14

applicable Term SOFR Rate Loans. If Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, Borrower will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month.

(b)Following receipt of a Loan Notice, Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by Borrower, Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to Borrower in like funds as received by Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) Administrative Agent by Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available to Borrower as provided above.

(c)Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of Americas prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.

(d)Without limitation of any other conditions herein, a Borrowing or continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Rate Loans shall not be permitted if:

(i)A Default has occurred and is continuing and has not been waived by Required Lenders or all Lenders, as applicable; 

(ii)After giving effect to the requested Borrowing or continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Rate Loans, the sum of all Loans would exceed the Aggregate Commitments; 

(iii)The requested Borrowing or continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Rate Loans would cause more than ten (10) Interest Periods to be in effect at any one time for Term SOFR Rate Loans, after giving effect to all Term SOFR Rate Loans, all conversions of Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type; 

(iv)The requested interest period does not conform to the definition of Interest Period herein; or

(v)Any of the circumstances referred to in Section 3.03 shall apply with respect to the requested Borrowing or continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Rate Loans.

(e)Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Rate Loan unless Borrower makes all payments required pursuant to Section 3.05 resulting therefrom.

(f)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, 

30

4901-8586-1905 v.14

pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by Borrower, Administrative Agent, and such Lender.

(g)With respect to Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR, Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to Borrower and Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

2.03Letters of Credit. 

(a)General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in Section 2.01, Borrower may request L/C Issuer, in reliance on the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, to issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for its own account or the account of any of its Subsidiaries in such form as is acceptable to Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer in its reasonable determination. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Commitments.

(b)Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension, Reinstatement or Renewal. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), Borrower shall deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by L/C Issuer) to L/C Issuer and to Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with this clause(b)), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, extend, reinstate or renew such Letter of Credit. If requested by L/C Issuer, Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement on L/C Issuers standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement or other agreement submitted by Borrower to, or entered into by Borrower with, L/C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. If borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application (or the amendment of an outstanding Letter of Credit), L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall permit L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date) in each such 12-month period to be agreed upon by Borrower and L/C Issuer at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by L/C Issuer, Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date permitted pursuant to Section 2.03(d); provided, that L/C Issuer shall not (i) permit any such extension if (A) L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended to a date that is no more than one year from the 

31

4901-8586-1905 v.14

then-current expiration date) or (B) it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (ii) be obligated to permit such extension if it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven (7) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from Administrative Agent, any Lender or Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing L/C Issuer not to permit such extension.

(c)Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed only if (and upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of each Letter of Credit Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (i) the aggregate L/C Obligations shall not exceed the L/C Sublimit, (ii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed its Commitment and (iii) the Total Oustandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments.

(i)L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:

(A)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;

(B)the issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;

(C)except as otherwise agreed by Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $50,000;

(D)any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with Borrower or such Lender to eliminate L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(v)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or

(E)the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder.

(ii)L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit.

32

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(d)Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the earlier of (i) the date twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, twelve (12) months after the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit) and (ii) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; providedthat Borrower shall Cash Collateralize pursuant to Section 2.03(o) each Letter of Credit that has an expiration date after the Maturity Date on the date that is thirty (30) days prior to the Maturity Date.

(e)Participations. 

(i)By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the expiration date thereof), and without any further action on the part of L/C Issuer or the Lenders, L/C Issuer hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from L/C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this Section 2.03(e)(i) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments.

(ii)In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay to Administrative Agent, for account of L/C Issuer, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by L/C Issuer not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the notice provided by Administrative Agent to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03(f) until such L/C Disbursement is reimbursed by Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to L/C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by Administrative Agent of any payment from Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03(f), Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to L/C Issuer or, to the extent that the Lenders have made payments pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) to reimburse L/C Issuer, then to such Lenders and L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) to reimburse L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Disbursement.

Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at each time such Lenders Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of Section 2.13, as a result of an assignment in accordance with Section 10.07 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement.

(iii)If any Lender fails to make available to Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(e), then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily 

33

4901-8586-1905 v.14

charged by L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(e)(iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(f)Reimbursement. If L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, Borrower shall reimburse L/C Issuer in respect of such L/C Disbursement by paying to Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon on (i) the Business Day immediately following the day that Borrower receives notice of such L/C Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m. or (ii) two (2) Business Days following the day that Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such L/C Disbursement is not less than $1,000,000, Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Daily SOFR Rate Loans in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing of Daily SOFR Rate Loans. If Borrower fails to make such payment when due, Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from Borrower in respect thereof (the Unreimbursed Amount) and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Daily SOFR Rate Loans to be disbursed on the date of payment by L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 or Section 2.03 for the principal amount of Daily SOFR Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice given by L/C Issuer or Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(f) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.

(g)Obligations Absolute. Borrowers obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in Section 2.03(f) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of:

(i)any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision herein or therein;

(ii)the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii)any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv)waiver by L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for L/C Issuers protection and not the protection of Borrower or any waiver by L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice Borrower;

(v)honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft;

34

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(vi)any payment made by L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable;

(vii)payment by L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or

(viii)any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, Borrowers obligations hereunder.

Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, Borrower will, promptly upon becoming aware of such noncompliance, notify L/C Issuer. Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.

None of Administrative Agent, the Lenders, L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by L/C Issuer or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of L/C Issuer; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse L/C Issuer from liability to Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by Borrower to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) suffered by Borrower that are caused by L/C Issuers failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of L/C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination, and that:

(i)L/C Issuer may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation;

(ii)L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and without regard to any non-documentary condition in such Letter of Credit;

(iii)L/C Issuer shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and

35

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(iv)this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by L/C Issuer when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing).

Without limiting the foregoing, none of Administrative Agent, the Lenders, L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of (A) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (B) L/C Issuer declining to take-up documents and make payment (x) against documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor or (y) following a Borrowers waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of such documents or (C) L/C Issuer retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to L/C Issuer.

(h)Applicability of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by L/C Issuer and Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by it (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, L/C Issuer shall not be responsible to Borrower for, and L/C Issuers rights and remedies against Borrower shall not be impaired by, any action or inaction of L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.

(i)L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to L/C Issuer.

(j)Letter of Credit Fees. Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.15, with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee)for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the third (3rd) Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December (provided that Administrative Agent shall have provided to Borrower a written invoice at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date such payment is due), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate for Letters of Credit was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event of Default exists pursuant to Section 8.01(a) or (f), all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.

(k)Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. Borrower shall pay directly to L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect 

36

4901-8586-1905 v.14

to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum specified in the Fee Letter, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth (10th) Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment) (provided that L/C Issuer shall have provided to Borrower a written invoice at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date such payment is due), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. In addition, Borrower shall pay directly to L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.

(l)Disbursement Procedures. L/C Issuer shall, within the time allowed by Applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. L/C Issuer shall promptly after such examination notify Administrative Agent and Borrower in writing of such demand for payment if L/C Issuer has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve Borrower of its obligation to reimburse L/C Issuer and the Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement.

(m)Interim Interest. If L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that Borrower reimburses such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Daily SOFR Rate Loans; provided that if Borrower fails to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to clause (f) of this Section 2.03,then Section 2.07(b)(i) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this clause (m) shall be for account of L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to clause (f) of this Section 2.03 to reimburse L/C Issuer shall be for account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.

(n)Replacement of L/C Issuer. L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement between Borrower, Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(j). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous L/C Issuer, or such successor and all previous L/C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.

(o)Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that Borrower receives notice from Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with L/C Obligations representing at least sixty-six and two-thirds of one percent (66-2/3%) of the total L/C Obligations) demanding the deposit of Cash Collateral pursuant to this clause (o), Borrower shall immediately deposit into an account established and maintained on the books and records of Administrative Agent (the Collateral Account) an amount in cash equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that the obligation to deposit such Cash Collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become 

37

4901-8586-1905 v.14

immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to Borrower described in clause (f) of Section 8.01. Such deposit shall be held by Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or clause (d) of this Section 2.03, (i) if any L/C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said clause (d), Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount and (ii) Borrower shall Cash Collateralize each Letter of Credit that has an expiration date beyond the Maturity Date in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount at least thirty (30) days prior to such Maturity Date. 

Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of Administrative Agent and at Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Collateral Account. Moneys in the Collateral Account shall be applied by Administrative Agent to reimburse L/C Issuer for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of Borrower for the L/C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with L/C Obligations representing sixty-six and two-thirds of one percent (66-2/3%) of the total L/C Obligations), be applied to satisfy other obligations of Borrower under this Agreement. If Borrower is required to provide an amount of Cash Collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.

(p)Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of Borrower. Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of Borrower, and that Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

(q)Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.

2.04Prepayments.

(a)Borrower may, upon notice to Administrative Agent pursuant to delivery to Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) two (2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Daily SOFR Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. Administrative Agent will promptly 

38

4901-8586-1905 v.14

notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by Borrower, Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein; provided that a notice of prepayment delivered by Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned on the occurrence of a refinancing of all or any portion of the Loans or the occurrence of any other event which would have provided the cash proceeds for such prepayment, in which case such notice may be revoked (subject to payment of any amounts, if any, required pursuant to Section 3.05) by Borrower (by notice to Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified closing date of such refinancing or other such event) if such condition is not satisfied. Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with, in the case of any Term SOFR Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Rate Loan, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Subject to Section 2.15, each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages.

(b)If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however, that Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.04(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect.

(c)Within the parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments shall be applied (i) as directed by Borrower, or if not so directed, (ii) first to Base Rate Loans, second to Daily SOFR Rate Loans and then to Term SOFR Rate Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities.

2.05Termination or Reduction of Commitments. Borrower may, upon notice to Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of at least $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. A notice of termination delivered by Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned on the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked (subject to payment of any amounts, if any, required pursuant to Section 3.05) by Borrower (by notice to Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied.

2.06Repayment of Loans. Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding on such date.

2.07Interest.

(a)Subject to the provisions of subsection(b) below, (i) each Term SOFR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for Term SOFR Rate Loans; (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans; and (iii) each Daily SOFR Rate Loan shall bear 

39

4901-8586-1905 v.14

interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for Daily SOFR Rate Loans.

(b)(i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

(ii)If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

(iii)While any Event of Default exists pursuant to Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists, Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

(iv)Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

(c)Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

2.08Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections (j) and (k) of Section 2.03:

(a)Unused Fee. Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, an unused fee equal to the Applicable Rate for the Unused Fee times the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Loans, and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15. The unused fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Section IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the first (1st) Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The unused fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate for the Unused Fee during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate for the Unused Fee separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate for the Unused Fee was in effect.

(b)Other Fees. Borrower shall pay to Arranger and Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts or, as applicable, the accounts of the Lenders, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable (except to the extent expressly provided for therein) for any reason whatsoever.

2.09Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate.

(a)All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or 

40

4901-8586-1905 v.14

any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.11(a), bear interest for one (1) day. Each determination by Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

(b)If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of Borrower or for any other reason, Borrower or the Lenders determine that (i) the Leverage Ratio as calculated by Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by Administrative Agent, any Lender or L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This clause (b) shall not limit the rights of Administrative Agent, any Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03(j) or 2.07(b) or under Section VIII. Borrowers obligations under this clause (b) shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

2.10Evidence of Debt.

(a)The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.07(c). The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through Administrative Agent, Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.

(b)In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above, each Lender and Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.

2.11Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a)General. All payments to be made by Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by Borrower hereunder shall be made to Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein (subject to any notice requirements set forth herein). Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments received by Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

41

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(b)(i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and Borrower severally agree to pay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to Borrower the amount of such interest paid by Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to Administrative Agent. 

(ii)Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or L/C Issuer hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment, Administrative Agent may assume that Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

(iii)With respect to any payment that Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or L/C Issuer hereunder as to which Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (A) Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (B) Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (C) Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

42

4901-8586-1905 v.14

A notice of Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (i) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(c)Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Section II, and such funds are not made available to Borrower by Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Section IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.

(d)Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.05(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.05(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.05(c).

(e)Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.

(f)Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, L/C Borrowings, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal and L/C Borrowings then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and L/C Borrowings then due to such parties.

2.12Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it resulting in such Lenders receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that:

(i)if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and

(ii)the provisions of this Section2.12 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.14, or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section2.12 shall apply).

43

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of Borrower in the amount of such participation.

2.13Increase in Commitments.

(a)Request for Increase. Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), Borrower may from time to time request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments (which increase may take the form of additional Commitments or one or more additional term loan tranches) by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding $300,000,000; provided that any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of $25,000,000. At the time of sending such notice, Borrower (in consultation with Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders).

(b)Lender Elections to Increase. Each Lender shall notify Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment.

(c)Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders. Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and its counsel.

(d)Effective Date and Allocations. If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, Administrative Agent and Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date) and the final allocation of such increase. Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date.

(e)Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase. As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (y) in the case of Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Section V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.13, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, and (B) no Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date and (y) at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have 

44

4901-8586-1905 v.14

delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party, and (iii) to the extent that the increase of the Aggregate Commitments shall take the form of a new term loan tranche, this Agreement shall be amended, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent, Borrower and the Lenders providing such term loan tranche to include such terms as are necessary and customary to implement such term loan commitments. Borrower shall prepay any Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section.

(f)Conflicting Provisions. This Section 2.13 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.12 or 10.01 to the contrary.

2.14Cash Collateral. 

(a)Obligation to Cash Collateralize. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one (1) Business Day following the written request of Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer (with a copy to Administrative Agent), Borrower shall Cash Collateralize L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(v) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount.

(b)Grant of Security Interest. Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) Administrative Agent, for the benefit of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.14(c). If at any time Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, Borrower will, promptly upon demand by Administrative Agent, pay or provide to Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (a)(iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.

(c)Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03, 2.04, 2.15 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein.

(d)Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.07(b)(vi))) or (ii) the determination by Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, however, the Person providing Cash Collateral and L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.

45

4901-8586-1905 v.14

2.15Defaulting Lenders.

(a)Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:

(i)Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01.

(ii)Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section VIII or otherwise) or received by Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.09 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to L/C Issuer hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.14; fourth, as Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by Administrative Agent and Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro ratain order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize L/C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)Certain Fees.

(A)No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.08(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).

46

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(B)Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14.

(C)With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below (y) pay to L/C Issuer, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.

(iv)Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lenders Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitment. Subject to Section 10.21, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

(v)Cash Collateral. If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, Cash Collateralize L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14.

(b)Defaulting Lender Cure. If Borrower, Administrative Agent, and L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender.

(c)New Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, L/C Issuer shall not be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto.

47

4901-8586-1905 v.14

III.TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY.

3.01Taxes. 

(a)Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 3.01, the term Applicable Law includes FATCA.

(b)Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(c)Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(d)Indemnification by Borrower. Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to Administrative Agent), or by Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(e)Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already indemnified Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.07(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to Administrative Agent under this clause (e).

(f)Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent.

48

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(g)Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.

(i)Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as will enable Borrower or Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Borrower is a U.S. Person,

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2)executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or

49

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(4)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit Borrower or Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or Administrative Agent as may be necessary for Borrower and Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date.

(iii)Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(h)Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by Applicable Laws, at no time shall Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by Borrower or with respect to which Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such 

50

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to Borrower or any other Person.

(i)Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.

3.02Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to engage in reverse repurchase of U.S. Treasury securities transactions of the type included in the determination of SOFR, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to Borrower through Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to make, continue or convert to either Term SOFR Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies Administrative Agent and Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all impacted Term SOFR Rate Loans and Daily SOFR Rate Loans of such Lender to Daily SOFR Rate Loans to the extent Daily SOFR Rate Loans are not impacted or otherwise to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), immediately, in the case of Daily SOFR Rate Loans and , in the case of Term SOFR Rate Loans, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Rate Loans; and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

3.03Inability to Determine Rates.

(a)If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Rate Loan, or a conversion of Daily SOFR Rate Loans to Term SOFR Rate Loans or a continuation of any of such advances, as applicable, (i) Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b), and the circumstances under Section 3.03(b)(i) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (C) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Daily Simple SOFR in connection with an existing or proposed Daily SOFR Rate Loan, or (ii) Administrative Agent or Required Lenders determine for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period or Daily Simple SOFR with respect to a proposed advance does not adequately and fairly reflect 

51

4901-8586-1905 v.14

the cost to such Lenders of funding such advance, Administrative Agent will promptly so notify Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans, or to convert Daily SOFR Rate Loans to Term SOFR Rate Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Rate Loans, Daily SOFR Rate Loans, or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by Required Lenders described in Section 3.03(b), until Administrative Agent upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (1) Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Rate Loans, Daily SOFR Rate Loans, or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for (x) a Borrowing of Daily SOFR Rate Loans to the extent unaffected, or if unavailable, (y) a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein, (2) any outstanding Term SOFR Rate Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to (x) Daily SOFR Rate Loans to the extent unaffected, or if unavailable, (y) Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period, and (3) any outstanding Daily SOFR Rate Loans shall immediately be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or Borrower or Required Lenders notify Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to Borrower) that Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that:

(i)adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one (1) month, three (3) month and six (6) month interest periods of Term SOFR, including because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or

(ii)CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one (1) month, three (3) month, and six (6) month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of Dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such representative interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one (1) month, three (3) month, and six (6) month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date);

then, on a date and time determined by Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate).

If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis.

52

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in clauses (a) or (b) in this Section 3.03 have occurred with respect to Daily Simple SOFR or the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, Administrative Agent and Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR and/or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03(b) at the end of any Interest Period, relevant Interest Payment Date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar Dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising Required Lenders have delivered to Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment.

Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate.

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by Administrative Agent.

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0.00%), the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0.00%) for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

(c)For purposes of this Section 3.03, those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders.

3.04Increased Costs.

(a)Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or L/C Issuer;

53

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(ii)subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

(iii)impose on any Lender or L/C Issuer any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or L/C Issuer, Borrower will pay to such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided that Borrower shall not be required to pay any such amounts to any Recipient under and pursuant to this Section 3.04(a) which are owing as a result of any Change in Law if and to the extent such Recipient is not at such time generally assessing such costs in a similar manner to other similarly situated borrowers with similar credit facilities.

(b)Capital Requirements. If any Lender or L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or L/C Issuers holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or L/C Issuers capital or on the capital of such Lenders or L/C Issuers holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or L/C Issuer or such Lenders or L/C Issuers holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or L/C Issuers policies and the policies of such Lenders or L/C Issuers holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time Borrower will pay to such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer or such Lenders or L/C Issuers holding company for any such reduction suffered; provided that Borrower shall not be required to pay any such amounts to any Recipient under and pursuant to this Section 3.04(b) which are owing as a result of any Change in Law if and to the extent such Recipient is not at such time generally assessing such costs in a similar manner to other similarly situated borrowers with similar credit facilities.

(c)Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrower shall pay such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.

(d)Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation, provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies 

54

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or L/C Issuers intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

3.05Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to Administrative Agent) from time to time, Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:

(a)any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Term SOFR Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);

(b)any failure by Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Term SOFR Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by Borrower; or

(c)any assignment of a Term SOFR Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by Borrower pursuant to Section 10.14;

excluding any loss of anticipated profits, but including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing.

The amounts payable under this Section 3.05 shall never be less than zero (0) or greater than is permitted by Applicable Law. For the avoidance of doubt, no amounts will be owing under this Section in connection with the prepayment of any Daily SOFR Rate Loan or Base Rate Loan. 

3.06Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)Designation of a Different Lending Office. Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of Borrower such Lender or L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be. Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b)Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, if Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.14.

55

4901-8586-1905 v.14

3.07Survival. All of Borrowers obligations under this Section III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of Administrative Agent.

IV.CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS.

4.01Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or electronic copies (followed promptly by originals where requested by Administrative Agent) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders:

(i)executed counterparts of this Agreement, sufficient in number for distribution to Administrative Agent, each Lender and Borrower (unless otherwise approved by Administrative Agent);

(ii)a Note executed by Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note;

(iii)such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party;

(iv)such documents and certifications as Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that Borrower is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of organization or formation;

(v)a favorable opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent;

(vi)a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (D) the current Debt Rating from S&P, Moodys, and Fitch;

(vii)the Audited Financial Statements of Borrower referred to in Section 5.05(a);

(viii)a duly completed Compliance Certificate as of the last day of the fiscal year of Borrower ended on December 31, 2024, signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower; and

(ix)such other customary documents, instruments, agreements, or information, as Administrative Agent reasonably may require.

56

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(b)There shall not exist any action, suit, investigation, or proceeding, pending or, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of Borrower, threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority related in any way to the Obligations or that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(d)Any fees required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid.

(e)Unless waived by Administrative Agent, Borrower shall have paid, subject to any limitations described in the Mandate Letter, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced not less than one (1) Business Day prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between Borrower and Administrative Agent).

(f)(i) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, Borrower shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date; and (ii) at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deliver, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party.

Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

4.02Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a)The representations and warranties of Borrower and each other Loan Partycontained in Section V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01.

(b)No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(c)Administrative Agent and, if applicable, L/C Issuer, shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.

57

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Rate Loans) submitted by Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.

V.REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:

5.01Existence, Qualification and Power. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) each (a) are duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) have all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) in the case of the Loan Parties, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) are duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.02Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Persons Organization Documents, (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, create or require the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any material Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, or (c) violate any Law.

5.03Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for such as have been made or obtained and are in full force and effect.

5.04Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

5.05Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.

(a)The Audited Financial Statements: (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in all material respects as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show in accordance with GAAP all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for Taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness.

(b)Following the date the unaudited financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2025 are delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(b), the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated as of March 31, 2025, and the related consolidated statements of operations, retained earnings and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout 

58

4901-8586-1905 v.14

the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments.

(c)Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.06Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of Borrower, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.07No Default. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

5.08Ownership of Property; Liens. Each of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The property of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) is subject to no Liens, other than Permitted Liens.

5.09Environmental Compliance. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties. Such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.10Insurance. The properties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates.

5.11Taxes. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) have filed all federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no proposed tax assessment against Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) is party to any tax sharing agreement other than tax sharing agreements or arrangements among Borrower and its Subsidiaries (and not involving any third party).

5.12ERISA Compliance.

(a)Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the 

59

4901-8586-1905 v.14

applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws, and (ii) each Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service.

(b)There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to result in liability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) in excess of the Threshold Amount, individually or in the aggregate. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) in excess of the Threshold Amount, individually or in the aggregate.

(c)(i) No ERISA Event has occurred for which there remains any outstanding liability for Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, and neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher and neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (v) neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (vi) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan.

(d)Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments. 

5.13Subsidiaries. Set forth on Schedule 5.13 is a complete and accurate list of all Subsidiaries of Borrower as of the Closing Date and whether each such Person is a Material Subsidiary.

5.14Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a)Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.

(b)None of Borrower or any Loan Party is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(c)No proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U, or for the purpose of purchasing or carrying or trading in any securities.

60

4901-8586-1905 v.14

5.15Disclosure.

(a)Borrower has disclosed to Administrative Agent and the Lenders all matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information (other than information of a general economic or industry nature) furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being understood that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts or guaranties of future performance, that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections may differ from the projected results and that such differences may be material and that no assurances are being given that such projections will be in fact realized).

(b)As of the date most recently delivered, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects.

5.16Compliance with Laws. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.17OFAC. Neither Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), nor, to the knowledge of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries), any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by one or more individuals or entities that are (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFACs List of Specially Designated Nationals, or HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets, or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions.

5.18Anti-Corruption Laws. Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions, in each case to the extent applicable to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

5.19EEA Financial Institution. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

5.20Covered Entities. No Loan Party is a Covered Entity.

5.21Outbound Investment Rules. Neither Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries is a covered foreign person as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently engaging in, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered transaction in which the relevant covered foreign person is engaged in any activity referred to in the definition of prohibited transaction as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules or (ii) any other activity that would cause Administrative 

61

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Agent to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause Administrative Agent to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

VI.AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Until Payment in Full, Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02, and 6.03) cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries) to:

6.01Financial Statements. Deliver to Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender):

(a)Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations, retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to (i) any going concern or like qualification or (ii) any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and

(b)Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Borrower, a consolidated balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, the related consolidated statements of operations, retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of Borrowers fiscal year then ended, and the related consolidated statements of changes in retained earnings and cash flows for the portion of Borrowers fiscal year then ended, in each case setting forth in comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02, Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under subsection (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in subsections (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein.

6.02Certificates; Other Information. Deliver to Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender):

(a)concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of Borrower (which delivery may be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes);

(b)concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a), an update to Schedule 5.13;

(c)promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and

(d)promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request (subject to the last sentence of Section 6.10).

62

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.03; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by Administrative Agent); provided that Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents. Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) Administrative Agent and/or Arranger may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials) by posting Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Borrower hereby agrees that upon the request of Administrative Agent that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized Administrative Agent, Arranger, L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.08); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) Administrative Agent and Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information.

6.03Notices. Promptly notify Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender), after actual knowledge thereof by any Responsible Officer of Borrower:

(a)of the occurrence of any Default;

(b)of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including, to the extent as such matter has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) any action, suit, dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension involving Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting Borrower or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws;

(c)of the occurrence of any ERISA Event which could reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of the Threshold Amount to Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(d)of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by Borrower or any Subsidiary; and

63

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(e)of any announcement by Moodys, S&P or Fitch of any change in a Debt Rating.

Each notice pursuant to clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached.

6.04Payment of Obligations. Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all Tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets to the extent that the failure to make any such payment could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by Borrower or such Subsidiary; and (b) all other lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property (other than Permitted Liens), unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by Borrower or such Subsidiary.

6.05Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04; (b) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except, in the case of any Subsidiary of Borrower, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (d) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.06Maintenance of Properties. (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation events excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b), where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.07Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business operating in the same or similar locations, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons.

6.08Compliance with Laws. Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property (including Environmental Laws), except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.09Books and Records. Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct in all material respects entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.

6.10Inspection Rights. Permit representatives and independent contractors of Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and representatives, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to Borrower and at the expense of Administrative Agent or such Lender; provided, however, that when an Event of 

64

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Default exists, Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the reasonable and, when possible, documented expense of Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in no event will Borrower or its Subsidiaries be required to disclose to Administrative Agent or any Lender privileged documents or other documents the disclosure of which would violate regulatory or contractual confidentiality obligations binding upon Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

6.11Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions for general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document.

6.12Guarantors. Promptly notify Administrative Agent at the time that any Subsidiary of Borrower (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) Guarantees, or otherwise becomes obligated in respect of, any Indebtedness of Borrower or another Subsidiary of Borrower (excluding Guarantees of, and other obligations in respect of, (a) Indebtedness relating to non-recourse financings (such as customary bad boy Guarantees or a pledge of Equity Interests in the Subsidiary incurring such non-recourse financing) or (b) other Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not in excess of $75,000,000 at any time outstanding), and promptly thereafter (and in any event within thirty (30) days), cause such Subsidiary to (i) become a Guarantor by executing and delivering to Administrative Agent a Guaranty or such other document as Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such purpose, and (ii) deliver to Administrative Agent documents of the types referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.01(a) and, if requested by Administrative Agent, favorable opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary (which shall, if requested, cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to in the foregoing clause (i)), all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Borrower may also cause other Subsidiaries of Borrower to become Guarantors as may be necessary, appropriate or otherwise desirable in the judgment of Borrower in order to comply with its obligations under the Loan Documents, in which instance Borrower shall cause such Subsidiaries to become Guarantors by executing and delivering to Administrative Agent the documents described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii).

6.13Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. Conduct its businesses in all material respects in compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, in each case, to the extent applicable to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions.

6.14Keepwell. Borrower, at the time the Guaranty by any Specified Loan Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligations, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering Borrowers obligations and undertakings under this Section 6.14 voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of Borrower under this Section 6.14 shall remain in full force and effect until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Borrower intends this Section 6.14 to constitute, and this Section 6.14 shall be deemed to constitute, a Guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act.

6.15Financial Covenants.

(a)Consolidated Tangible Net Worth. Cause Consolidated Tangible Net Worth as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower to be equal to or greater than the sum of (i) $750,000,000, plus (ii) if, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the Leverage Ratio exceeds fifty percent (50%), an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the amount of Consolidated Net Income (without deduction for losses) for that fiscal quarter (it being understood that this 

65

4901-8586-1905 v.14

clause (ii) shall not apply to compliance determinations for any quarter other than the quarter in which the Leverage Ratio exceeds fifty percent (50%)).

(b)Interest Coverage Ratio/Minimum Liquidity. As of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower, cause either (i) the Interest Coverage Ratio to be equal to or greater than 1.50 to 1.0, or (ii) the ratio of (x) Unrestricted Cash as of such last day, to (y) Consolidated Interest Incurred for the twelve (12) month period ending on such last day to be equal to or greater than 1.0 to 1.0.

(c)Leverage Ratio. Cause the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower to be equal to or less than sixty percent (60%).

VII.NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Until Payment in Full, Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Excluded Subsidiaries, except in the case of the covenants set forth in Section 7.13, which shall apply to all Subsidiaries) to, directly or indirectly:

7.01Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than Permitted Liens.

7.02Agreement for Negative Pledge. Agree with any third party not to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien securing the Obligations upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than such restrictions:

(a)arising under the terms of any secured Indebtedness otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents that prohibit Liens on the collateral securing such Indebtedness;

(b)arising under other unsecured Indebtedness otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents so long as the prohibitions against Liens are substantially the same as, or, taken as a whole, not more burdensome (as reasonably determined by Borrower) in any material respect than, those included under the Loan Documents;

(c)arising under contracts for the sale of any assets or merger transaction limiting the incurrence of Liens on such assets pending consummation of the sale or merger transaction;

(d)arising under licenses, leases, joint venture agreements and other contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business that contain restrictions on the transfer of (including the grant of a Lien in) such licenses, leases, joint venture agreements (including direct or indirect Equity Interests in the applicable joint venture) or other contracts or the assets that are the subject thereof;

(e)arising under any non-recourse Indebtedness of any Subsidiary of Borrower or Indebtedness of any Mortgage Banking Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent relating to the direct or indirect Equity Interests held by Borrower in such Subsidiary or Mortgage Banking Subsidiary;

(f)financial covenants under any agreements governing Indebtedness otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents that have the effect of limiting the amount of assets that are permitted to secure Indebtedness; and

(g)in relation to direct or indirect Equity Interests in any Excluded Subsidiary.

7.03Investments. Make any Investments, except:

(a)Investments held by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the form of (i) deposits in the ordinary course of business or (ii) Cash Equivalents;

66

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(b)advances to officers, directors, employees, agents, customers and suppliers of Borrower and Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, including financing to purchasers of homes and other residential properties, an aggregate amount outstanding not to exceed $10,000,000 at any time;

(c)Investments of Borrower in any Subsidiary of Borrower that is a Guarantor;

(d)Investments (i) consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business and (ii) received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss;

(e)Investments existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule 7.03, including Equity Interests in, and loans and advances to, or guarantees of obligations of, all Subsidiaries and joint ventures of Borrower, but excluding loans and advances to Mortgage Banking Subsidiaries;

(f)loans and advances to Mortgage Banking Subsidiaries so long as the aggregate amount outstanding of all such loans and advances that are made in reliance on this clause (f) does not exceed an amount equal to the Collateral Value plus $55,000,000 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower;

(g)Investments not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.03 in Subsidiaries (including Excluded Subsidiaries) that are not Guarantors so long as the aggregate amount outstanding of all such Investments made in reliance on this clause (g), does not exceed thirty percent (30%) of Consolidated Tangible Net Worth as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower (provided that if the foregoing requirement is not satisfied as of the end of any fiscal quarter of Borrower, Borrower shall have a period of thirty (30) days following the delivery of the Compliance Certificate in relation to such fiscal quarter to permit Borrower to add such Subsidiaries as Guarantors as may be required to permit compliance with this clause (g), and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist pending the expiration of such thirty (30) day period);

(h)repurchases of the capital stock or other Equity Interests of Borrower to the extent permitted by Section 7.05; and

(i)Investments consisting of noncash consideration received from a disposition permitted by Section 7.04.

7.04Fundamental Changes. Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or sell, transfer or dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom:

(a)any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with (i) Borrower; provided that Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries; provided that when any Guarantor is merging with another Subsidiary, the continuing or surviving Person shall be or become a Guarantor (if such surviving entity is required to be a Guarantor hereunder);

(b)any Subsidiary may dissolve or liquidate into (i) Borrower; provided that Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) another Subsidiary; provided that when any Guarantor is dissolving or liquidating into another Subsidiary, the continuing or surviving Person shall be or become a Guarantor (if such surviving entity is required to be a Guarantor hereunder);

67

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(c)any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Guarantor and the transferee is Borrower or another Subsidiary, then (i) the transferee shall be Borrower or a Guarantor or (ii) if the transferee is a Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, the transaction shall otherwise constitute an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.03; and

(d)Borrower or any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other Person that is not Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries so long as: (i) if such merger or consolidation is with Borrower, then Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person; and (ii) if such merger or consolidation is with a Guarantor, then the continuing or surviving Person shall be or become a Guarantor (if such surviving entity is required to be a Guarantor hereunder).

7.05Restricted Payments. Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, if a Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time thereof or would result therefrom; provided that (i) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of Borrower shall in any event be permitted to make Restricted Payments to Borrower or to other wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Borrower and (ii) any non-wholly-owned Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor shall in any event be permitted to make Restricted Payments to Borrower and any Subsidiary and to each other owner of capital stock or other Equity Interests of such Subsidiary on a pro rata basis based on their relative ownership interests according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made, or otherwise as provided pursuant to the constituent documents governing such non-wholly-owned Subsidiary, so long as the pro rata share of the proceeds of such Restricted Payments are immediately paid to Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of Borrower.

7.06Change in Nature of Business. Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business activity reasonably similar, incidental or complementary thereto and reasonable extensions thereof.

7.07Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than (a) transactions on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, (b) Investments, Restricted Payments, mergers, dissolutions, liquidations, consolidations, dispositions and sales of assets that are otherwise permitted under the Loan Documents, (c) any issuances by Borrower or any Subsidiary of awards or grants of equity securities, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by Borrowers board of directors or the compensation committee thereof, and (d) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries who are not employees of such Person, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business.

7.08Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose.

7.09Organization Documents. Amend its Organization Documents in any manner that would reasonably be likely to materially and adversely affect the rights of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or the Lenders.

7.10Accounting Policies. Except in accordance with GAAP, make any changes to its accounting policies or financial reporting practices.

7.11Sanctions. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, (i) to fund any prohibited activities of or business with any Person that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person 

68

4901-8586-1905 v.14

participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, or otherwise) of Sanctions.

7.12Anti-Corruption Laws. Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions, in each case to the extent applicable to Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

7.13Outbound Investment Rules. (a) Be or become a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, or (b) engage in (i) a covered transaction in which the relevant covered foreign person is engaged in any activity referred to in the definition of prohibited transaction, as such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules or (ii) any other activity that would cause Administrative Agent to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause Administrative Agent to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

VIII.EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01Events of Default. Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a)Non-Payment. Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or

(b)Specific Covenants. Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in:

(i)Section 6.05(a) (with respect to Borrower only), Section 6.15 or Section VII; or

(ii)Section 6.01 or 6.03 and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; or

(c)Other Defaults. Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier of a Responsible Officer of Borrower becoming aware of such default or written notice thereof given by Administrative Agent; or

(d)Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be materially incorrect or misleading when made or deemed made; or

(e)Cross-Default. (i) Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (other than any Mortgage Banking Subsidiary) (A) fails to make any payment when due (after giving effect to any applicable grace period) (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder, Indebtedness under Swap Contracts, and non-recourse financing or Indebtedness of any Mortgage Banking Subsidiary) the principal amount of which, either individually or in the aggregate, is in excess of the Threshold Amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement (after giving effect to any applicable grace period) or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee described in and applicable to sub-clause (A) above or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs 

69

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(other than (i) customary non-default mandatory prepayment requirements or non-default requirements to provide cash collateral, including mandatory prepayment events associated with asset sales, casualty events, debt or equity issuances, extraordinary receipts or borrowing base limitations or (ii) conversion into or exchange for equity securities of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of such Indebtedness), the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or

(f)Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (other than any Mortgage Banking Subsidiary) institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or

(g)Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (other than any Mortgage Banking Subsidiary) becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within thirty (30) days after its issue or levy; or

(h)Judgments. There is entered against Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (other than any Mortgage Banking Subsidiary) (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an amount that, either individually or in the aggregate, exceeds the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or

(i)ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an amount, either individually or in the aggregate, in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or

70

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(j)Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim has been asserted), ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document; or

(k)Stock Exchange De-Listing. Borrower shall cease to maintain the listing of its common Equity Interests on the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ or other nationally recognized exchange; or

(l)Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control.

8.02Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:

(a)declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

(b)declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower;

(c)require that Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and

(d)exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents;

provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of Administrative Agent or any Lender.

8.03Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.14 and 2.15, be applied by Administrative Agent in the following order:

First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Section III) payable to Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;

Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and L/C Issuer (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or L/C Issuer, but expressly 

71

4901-8586-1905 v.14

excluding any amounts due in connection with any Swap Contracts that constitute a portion of the Obligations) and amounts payable under Section III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;

Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations (other than Obligations related to Swap Contracts), ratably among the Lenders and L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;

Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;

Fifth, to Administrative Agent for the account of L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.14;

Sixth, to any counterparties under any Swap Contracts constituting a portion of the Obligations, any amounts due and owing by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof under such Swap Contracts ratably among such counterparties in proportion to the net obligations due and owing by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof under such Swap Contracts; and

Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to Borrower or as otherwise required by Law;

provided thatExcluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth in this Section 8.03.

Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.14, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.

IX.ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT.

9.01Appointment and Authority. Each of the Lenders and L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Section IX (other than Sections 9.06 and 9.10) are solely for the benefit of Administrative Agent, the Lenders and L/C Issuer, and Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

72

4901-8586-1905 v.14

9.02Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

9.03Exculpatory Provisions. Neither Administrative Agent nor Arranger shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and each of their duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither Administrative Agent nor Arranger, as applicable:

(a)shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(b)shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law;

(c)shall have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or L/C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, Administrative Agent, Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by Administrative Agent herein;

(d)shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to Administrative Agent by Borrower, a Lender or L/C Issuer; and

(e)shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to Administrative Agent.

9.04Reliance by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, 

73

4901-8586-1905 v.14

instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or L/C Issuer, Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or L/C Issuer unless Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

9.05Delegation of Duties. Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Section IX shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

9.06Resignation of Administrative Agent.

(a)Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, L/C Issuer and Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with, and so long as no Event of Default exists, with the consent of, Borrower to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders and, so long as no Event of Default exists, Borrower) (the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and L/C Issuer and so long as no Event of Default exists, with the consent of, Borrower, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.

(b)If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to Borrower and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with and so long as no Event of Default exists, with the consent of, Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date.

(c)With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through 

74

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Section IX and Section 10.05 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent.

(d)Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). Upon the appointment by Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of its respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.

9.07Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Other Lenders. Each Lender and L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of Administrative Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by Administrative Agent or the Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by Administrative Agent or the Arranger to any Lender or L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether Administrative Agent or the Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties) possession. Each Lender and L/C Issuer represents to Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrower hereunder. Each Lender and L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a 

75

4901-8586-1905 v.14

commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities.

9.08No Other Duties Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners or Arrangers listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as Administrative Agent, a Lender or L/C Issuer hereunder.

9.09Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, L/C Issuer and Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(j) and (k), 2.08 and 10.05) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(b)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and L/C Issuer to make such payments to Administrative Agent and, in the event that Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and L/C Issuer, to pay to Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due Administrative Agent under Sections 2.08 and 10.05.

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or L/C Issuer to authorize Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.

9.10Guaranty Matters. Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders agree that, so long as no Default exists, upon any Subsidiary ceasing to be required to be a Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement, Administrative Agent shall, upon Borrowers written request, execute, at Borrowers expense, such release documentation as is necessary to release such Subsidiary from its obligations under the Guaranty and such Subsidiary shall no longer be a Guarantor.

76

4901-8586-1905 v.14

9.11Certain ERISA Matters.

(a)Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, Administrative Agent, Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,

(ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of subsections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.

(b)In addition, unless subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, Administrative Agent, Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that:

(i)none of Administrative Agent, Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto),

(ii)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, 

77

4901-8586-1905 v.14

total assets of at least $50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E),

(iii)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations),

(iv)the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and

(v)no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to Administrative Agent, Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement.

(c)Administrative Agent and Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.

9.12Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender or L/C Issuer (for purposes of this Section 9.12, the Lender Party), whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount.

X.MISCELLANEOUS.

10.01Amendments, Etc. Subject to Section 3.03, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by Administrative Agent, and each 

78

4901-8586-1905 v.14

such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a)waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender;

(b)extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or of any Default is not considered an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender);

(c)postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (subject to an extension of the Maturity Date of any Lender in accordance with Section 10.02);

(d)reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 relating to the Fee Letter) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend (i) the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) Section 6.15 (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or to reduce any fee payable under the Loan Documents;

(e)without the written consent of each Lender, (i) change Section 2.12, Section 8.03 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction of Commitments, pro rata payments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder; (ii) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or other obligation and (iii) release, or have the effect of releasing, all or substantially all of the value of the Obligations;

(f)change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender;

(g)release, or have the effect of releasing, all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent the release of any Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 (in which case such release may be made by Administrative Agent acting alone); or

(h)release Borrower from any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents without the written consent of Administrative Agent and each Lender;

and, providedfurther, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; and (iv) Administrative Agent may, after consultation with Borrower, agree to the modification of any term of this Agreement or any other Loan Document in order to correct any 

79

4901-8586-1905 v.14

printing, stenographic or clerical errors or omissions or ambiguity or inconsistency that are inconsistent with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or of any Default is not considered an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender) or the maturity of any of its Loans may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Loans may not be reduced (provided the consent such Defaulting Lender is not needed to amend (x) the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (y) Section 6.15 (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or to reduce any fee payable under the Loan Documents) and the principal amount of any of its Loans may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment, consent or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.

10.02Amend and Extend Transactions. 

(a)Borrower may, by written notice to Administrative Agent from time to time, request an extension (each, an Extension) of the maturity date of the Loans and Commitments to the extended maturity date specified in such notice. Such notice shall set forth (i) the amount of the Commitments that will be subject to the Extension (which shall be in minimum increments of $5,000,000 and a minimum amount of $50,000,000), and (ii) the date on which such Extension is requested to become effective (which shall be not less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than sixty (60) days after the date of such Extension notice (or such longer or shorter periods as Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion)). Each Lender shall be offered (an Extension Offer) an opportunity to participate in such Extension on a pro rata basis and on the same terms and conditions as each other Lender pursuant to procedures established by, or reasonably acceptable to, Administrative Agent and Borrower. The election of any Lender to agree to any such Extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree without such other Lenders consent. If the aggregate principal amount of Commitments in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Commitments subject to the Extension Offer as set forth in the Extension notice, then the Commitments of Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer.

(b)The following shall be conditions precedent to the effectiveness of any Extension: (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Extension, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section V and in each other Loan Document shall be deemed to be made and shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) on and as of the effective date of such Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) as of such earlier date and except that for purposes of this Section 10.02(b), the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, (iii) L/C Issuer shall have consented to any Extension of the Commitments, to the extent that such Extension provides for the issuance or extension of Letters of Credit at any time during the extended period and (iv) the terms of such Extended Commitments shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section.

80

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(c)The terms of each Extension shall be determined by Borrower and the applicable extending Lenders and set forth in an Extension Amendment; provided that (i) the final maturity date of any Extended Commitment shall be no earlier than the Maturity Date, (ii) there shall be no scheduled amortization prior to the Maturity Date of the loans or reductions of commitments under any Extended Commitments, (iii) the Extended Loans will rank pari passu in right of payment and with respect to security with the existing Loans and Borrower and guarantors of the Extended Commitments shall be the same as Borrower and Guarantors with respect to the existing Loans, (iv) the interest rate margin, rate floors, and fees applicable to any Extended Commitment (and the Extended Loans thereunder) shall be determined by Borrower and the applicable extending Lenders, (v) borrowing and prepayment of Extended Loans, or reductions of Extended Commitments, and participation in Letters of Credit, shall be on a pro rata basis with the other Loans or Commitments (other than upon the maturity of the non-extended Loans and Commitments) and (vi) the terms of the Extended Commitments shall be substantially identical to the terms set forth herein (except as set forth in clauses (i) through (v) above).

(d)In connection with any Extension, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each applicable extending Lender shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent an Extension Amendment and such other documentation as Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Extension. Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension. Any Extension Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent and Borrower, to implement the terms of any such Extension, including any amendments necessary to establish Extended Commitments as a new tranche of Commitments, and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of Administrative Agent and Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranche (including to preserve the pro rata treatment of the extended and non-extended tranches and to provide for the reallocation of Revolving Credit Exposure upon the expiration or termination of the commitments under any tranche), in each case on terms consistent with this Section.

10.03Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.

(a)Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i)if to Borrower, Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.03; and

(ii)if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to Borrower).

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if any notice, certificate 

81

4901-8586-1905 v.14

or other document required to be delivered by Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be required to be delivered on a day other than a Business Day, such notice, certificate or other document shall be required to be delivered on the next following Business Day.

(b)Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders and L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or L/C Issuer pursuant to Section II if such Lender or L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Section by electronic communication. Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

Unless Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient.

(c)The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to Borrower, any Lender, L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of Borrowers, any Loan Partys or Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party.

(d)Change of Address, Etc. Each of Borrower, Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to Borrower, Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one 

82

4901-8586-1905 v.14

individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.

(e)Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders. Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Loan Notices, Notice of Loan Prepayment and Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. Borrower shall indemnify Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with Administrative Agent may be recorded by Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

10.04No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender, L/C Issuer or Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.09 (subject to the terms of Section 2.12), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.12, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders.

10.05Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a)Costs and Expenses. Borrower shall pay (i) subject to any limitations described in the Mandate Letter, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, Arranger, and their Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, 

83

4901-8586-1905 v.14

modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and, when possible, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Administrative Agent, Arranger, any Lender or L/C Issuer (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for Administrative Agent, Arranger, any Lender or L/C Issuer; provided that absent a conflict of interest, Borrower shall not be required to pay for more than one (1) counsel (and appropriate local and special counsel)), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

(b)Indemnification by Borrower. Borrower shall indemnify Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), Arranger, each Lender and L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of a single counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction, and in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to the affected Indemnitees), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (including Borrower or any other Loan Party) other than such Indemnitee and its Related Parties arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including the Indemnitees reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have (x) resulted from (A) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (B) such Indemnified Partys material breach of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (y) arisen out of a dispute solely between or among Indemnified Parties (but excluding any disputes involving Administrative Agent or Arranger acting in its capacity or fulfilling its role as Administrative Agent, Arranger or similar role); provided, further, that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at such time, the consent of Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required with respect to the settlement of any dispute arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of clauses (i)-(iv) of this Section 10.05(b). Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.05(b) shall not apply with respect to (i) Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, 

84

4901-8586-1905 v.14

etc. arising from any non-Tax claim or (ii) increased cost matters of the type described in Section 3.04.

(c)Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), L/C Issuer, Arranger or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), L/C Issuer, Arranger or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lenders share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided, further that, the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), L/C Issuer or Arranger in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), L/C Issuer or Arranger in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.11(d).

(d)Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(e)Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor.

(f)Survival. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.03(e) shall survive the resignation of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Arranger, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

10.06Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of Borrower is made to Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender, or Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

85

4901-8586-1905 v.14

10.07Successors and Assigns.

(a)Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including, for purposes of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:

(i)Minimum Amounts.

(A)in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and/or the Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such Assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B)in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(ii)Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned;

(iii)Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:

(A)the consent of Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender , an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;

86

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(B)the consent of Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and

(C)the consent of L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment (other than an assignment to an existing Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender).

(iv)Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

(v)No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to Borrower or any of Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons).

(vi)Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of Borrower and Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or 

87

4901-8586-1905 v.14

transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section.

(c)Register. Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d)Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower or Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons, a Defaulting Lender or Borrower or any of Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Lenders and L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.05(c) without regard to the existence of any participation.

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(g) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06, 10.08 and 10.14 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, regardless of any Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation that affects such Participant differently than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.09as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.12as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a 

88

4901-8586-1905 v.14

register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(e)Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(f)Resignation as L/C Issuer after Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America may, upon thirty (30) days notice to Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer, Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, however, that no failure by Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Daily SOFR Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(f)). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.

10.08Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of Administrative Agent, the Lenders and L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating Borrower or its 

89

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (y) becomes available to Administrative Agent, any Lender, L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower who is not, to the knowledge of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or such Lender, under an obligation of confidentiality to Borrower with respect to such Information, or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from Borrower or violating the terms of this Section 10.08. In addition, Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments.

For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses.

Each of Administrative Agent, the Lenders and L/C Issuer acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws.

10.09Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of Borrower against any and all of the obligations of Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and L/C Issuer agrees to notify Borrower and Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

10.10Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

90

4901-8586-1905 v.14

10.11Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by Administrative Agent and when Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

10.12Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.

10.13Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.13, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.

10.14Replacement of Lenders. If Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.07), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:

(a)Borrower shall have paid to Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 10.07(b);

(b)such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);

(c)in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;

(d)such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Laws; and

(e)in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent;

91

4901-8586-1905 v.14

provided that the failure by such replaced Lender to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption shall not impair the validity of the removal of such replaced Lender and the mandatory assignment of such replaced Lenders Commitments and outstanding Loans and participations in L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 10.14 shall nevertheless be effective without the execution by such replaced Lender of an Assignment and Assumption.

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.14 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by Borrower, Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided, further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.14 to the contrary, (i) the Lender that acts as L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to L/C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06.

10.15Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a)GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b)SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND 

92

4901-8586-1905 v.14

AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORKSTATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(c)WAIVER OF VENUE. BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d)SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.03. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

10.16Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

10.17No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i)(A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by Administrative Agent, Arranger, and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Administrative Agent, Arranger, and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii)(A) Administrative Agent, Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither Administrative Agent, Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) Administrative Agent, Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions 

93

4901-8586-1905 v.14

that involve interests that differ from those of Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither Administrative Agent, Arranger, nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against Administrative Agent, Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

10.18Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither Administrative Agent nor L/C Issuer is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent Administrative Agent or L/C Issuer has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 

Neither Administrative Agent nor L/C Issuer shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with Administrative Agents or L/C Issuers reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).

Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) any claim against Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from Administrative Agents and/or any Lender Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

94

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Each of the parties represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute this Agreement and any other Communication through electronic means and there are no restrictions on doing so in that partys constitutive documents.

10.19USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower and each other Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of Borrower and each other Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify Borrower and each other Loan Party in accordance with the Act. Borrower and each other Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.

10.20ENTIRE AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.

10.21Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Solely to the extent any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.

10.22Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that this Agreement or any other Loan Document provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the 

95

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

(a)In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b)As used in this Section 10.22, the following terms have the following meanings:

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

10.23Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement. The parties hereto agree that as of the Closing Date: (a) the Obligations hereunder represent the amendment, restatement, extension, and consolidation of the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement; (b) this Agreement amends, restates, supersedes, and replaces the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety; and (c) any Guaranty executed pursuant to this Agreement amends, restates, supersedes, and replaces the Guaranty executed pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement. On the Closing Date, (i) the commitment of any Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement that is not continuing as a Lender hereunder shall terminate and (ii) Administrative Agent shall reallocate the Commitments hereunder to reflect the terms hereof.

Remainder of page intentionally left blank.

Signature pages follow.

96

4901-8586-1905 v.14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

NVR, INC.

By: /s/ Daniel D. Malzahn

Name: Daniel D. Malzahn

Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Fiancial Officer and Treasurer

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Gerund Diamond

Name: Gerund Diamond

Title: Vice President

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as L/C Issuer and a Lender

By: /s/ Cheryl Sneor

Name: Cheryl Sneor

Title: Vice President

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender

By: /s/ Dante G. Intindola

Name: Dante G. Intindola

Title: Officer

Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Leonard Olsavsky

Name: Leonard Olsavsky

Title: Senior Vice President

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Amanda Henley

Name: Amanda Henley

Title: Executive Director

Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

M&T BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Amir Oveissi

Name: Amir Oveissi

Title: VP, Relationship Manager

Signature Page to

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

SCHEDULE 2.01

COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES

Lender Commitment Applicable Percentage

Bank of America, N.A. $70,000,000 23.333333333%

PNC Bank, National Association $60,000,000 20.000000000%

Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $60,000,000 20.000000000%

U.S. Bank National Association $60,000,000 20.000000000%

M&T Bank $50,000,000 16.666666667%

Total $300,000,000 100.000000000%

Schedule 2.01

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SCHEDULE 2.03

EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT

No. Beneficiary Dollar Amount Issuance Date Expiry Date

68004606 NATIONAL UNION FIRE $645,848.00 4/22/2008 11/30/2025

68004651 ARGONAUT INSURANCE C $140,000.00 10/14/2010 9/30/2025

68053762 XL SPECIALTY INSURAN $550,000.00 10/14/2010 9/30/2025

68094334 LIBERTY MUTUAL INSUR $3,703,127.13 1/17/2017 1/31/2026

68118978 STEWART TITLE GUARAN $237,087.00 4/12/2018 4/30/2025

68118980 TITLE FIRST AGENCY $29,025.00 8/13/2018 8/31/2025

68118982 TITLE AMERICA $27,941.40 10/10/2018 10/31/2025

68118994 SHULMAN ROGERS GANDA $183,333.04 12/3/2019 11/30/2025

68150552 TITLE AMERICA $250,000.00 12/27/2021 12/31/2025

68150553 "BLOCK, LONGO AND LAM" $0 8/24/2022 8/31/2025

68150556 TITLE AMERICA $250,000.00 3/29/2023 3/31/2025

68150557 TITLE AMERICA $375,000.00 3/28/2023 3/31/2025

68150558 SHULMAN ROGERS GANDA 283,625.00 6/7/2023 6/30/2025

68150560 SHULMAN ROGERS GANDA $2,500,000.00 3/27/2024 3/31/2025

68150561 NVR SETTLEMENT SERVI $140,000.00 5/2/2024 4/30/2025

68150562 BOARD OF SUPERVISORS $411,306.50 8/1/2024 7/26/2025

Schedule 2.03

4901-8586-1905 v.14

68150563 SHULMAN ROGERS GANDA $1,000,000.00 6/10/2024 6/30/2025

68150564 BOARD OF SUPERVISORS $375,198.50 8/22/2024 8/22/2025

68150565 BOARD OF SUPERVISORS $209,276.50 9/26/2024 9/25/2025

Schedule 2.03

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SCHEDULE 5.13

SUBSIDIARIES

* Denotes Material Subsidiary

** Denotes Borrower

NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation**

NVR Mortgage Finance, Inc., A Virginia corporation*

NVR Settlement Services, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation* 

NVR Settlement Services of Maryland, Inc., a Maryland corporation*

RVN, Inc., a Delaware corporation*

NVR Funding II, Inc., a Delaware corporation*

CLKBG, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

Bentley Park, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

Bentley Park Front Foot, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

Kenmare LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company

McJunkin Acquisition, LLC, a Florida limited liability company

Hyde Field Acquisition LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

Cabin Branch Front Foot LLC, a Maryland limited liability company

Burcale Road LLC, a South Carolina limited liability company

NVR MS Cavalier Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

NVR Linganore LLC, A Maryland limited liability company

NVR LC LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

Schedule 5.13

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SCHEDULE 7.01

EXISTING LIENS

Property Encumbered Owner of Encumbered Property Secured Party

Portion of Property known as Cabin Branch NVR, Inc. First Indemnity of America Insurance company

Schedule 7.01

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SCHEDULE 7.03

EXISTING INVESTMENTS

1. Investments as of the Closing Date constituting the ownership of Equity Interests in, and equity contributions to, the Subsidiaries identified on Schedule 5.13.

2. Investments as of the Closing Date constituting Equity Interests in, and equity contributions to the following joint ventures:

(a) WBLH, LLC

(b) RHEIA LLC

(c) NAHH LLC

(d) MTG Acquisition LLC

(e) Landventures 1 LLC

(f) Dryden Investments LLC

(g) Oakdale Investments LLC

Schedule 7.03

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SCHEDULE 10.03

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS OFFICE; CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES

BORROWER:

NVR, Inc.

11700 Plaza America Drive, Suite 500

Reston, Virginia 20190

Attention: Daniel Malzahn

Telephone: 703-956-4000

Facsimile: 703-956-4750

Electronic Mail: dmalzahn@nvrinc.com

Website Address: www.nvrinc.com

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:

Administrative Agents Office 

(for payments and Requests for Credit Extensions):

Bank of America, N.A.

4500 Amon Carter Blvd

Mail Code: TX2-979-02-22

Fort Worth, TX 76155

Attention: Karen R. Puente

Telephone: 469-201-8912

Facsimile: 214-290-8378

Electronic Mail: Karen.R.Puente@bofa.com

Pay to: Bank of America, N.A.

ABA# 026009593

New York, NY

Account No.: 1366072250600

Attn: Wire Clearing Acct for Syn Loans - LIQ

Ref: NVR INC

Other Notices as Administrative Agent:

Bank of America, N.A.

Bank of America Plaza

540 W Madison St

Mail Code: IL4-540-22-29

Chicago, Illinois 60661

Attention: Gerund Diamond

Telephone: 312-992-8588

Facsimile: 312-453-3635

ElectronicMail:Gerund.Diamond@bofa.com

Schedule 10.03

4901-8586-1905 v.14

L/C ISSUER:

Bank of America Trade Operations

Mail Code: PA6-580-02-30

1 Fleet Way

Scranton, Pennsylvania 18507

Telephone: 570-496-9619

Facsimile: 800-755-8740

Electronic Mail: tradeclientserviceteamus@bofa.com

Schedule 10.03

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF] LOAN NOTICE

Date: __________, 20___

To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

The undersigned hereby requests (select one):

Indicate:

Borrowing or Conversion or Continuation 

Indicate:

Requested

Amount 

Indicate:

Base Rate Loan or Term SOFR Rate Loan or Daily SOFR Rate Loan 

For Term SOFR Rate Loans Indicate:

1, 3, or 6-month Interest Period

The Borrowing, if any, requested herein complies with the requirements of the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement.

NVR, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT B

[FORM OF] NOTICE OF LOAN PREPAYMENT

To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Borrower hereby requests to prepay:

1. On [] (a Business Day).

2. In the amount of $[]. 5

3. Comprised of [Base Rate Loan] [Daily SOFR Rate Loans] [Term SOFR Rate Loans].

4. For Term SOFR Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of [1] [3] [6] months

NVR, INC.

By: 

[Name, Title]

Exhibit B

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT C

[FORM OF] [SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED] [AMENDED AND RESTATED] NOTE

[__________, 20___]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to __________ or registered assigns (the Lender), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to Borrower under that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agents Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement.

This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. This Note is also entitled to the benefits of the Guaranty. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.

Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note.

[This Note replaces in its entirety and is in substitution for but not in payment of that certain [Note], dated as of [____________], made by Borrower to Lender (the Prior Note), and does not and shall not be deemed to constitute a novation thereof. Such Prior Note shall be of no further force and effect upon the execution of this Note.]

Exhibit C

4901-8586-1905 v.14

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

NVR, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to

[Second Amended and Restated] [Amended and Restated] Note

LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO

Date Type of Loan Made Amount of Loan Made End of Interest Period Amount of Principal or Interest Paid This Date Outstanding Principal Balance This Date Notation Made By

Loans and Payments

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT D

[FORM OF] COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Financial Statement Date: __________, 20___

To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the __________ of Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to Administrative Agent on the behalf of Borrower, and not in his/her individual capacity that:

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements]

1. Borrower has delivered the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of Borrower ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section.

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end financial statements]

1. Borrower has delivered the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of Borrower ended as of the above date. Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower during the accounting period covered by such financial statements.

3. A review of the activities of Borrower during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period Borrower performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and

[select one:]

[to the best knowledge of the undersigned, no Default has occurred and is continuing.]

--or--

Exhibit D Page 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

[to the best knowledge of the undersigned, the following is a list of each Default that has occurred and is continuing (including its nature and status):]

4. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto are calculated as of the last day of such fiscal period and are true and accurate as of the date hereof.

[Use following paragraph 5 for fiscal year-end financial statements]

5. Attached hereto is Schedule 5.13 updated as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year.

Exhibit D Page 2

4901-8586-1905 v.14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of __________, 20___.

NVR, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to

Compliance Certificate

For the Quarter/Year ended __________, 20___ (Statement Date)

SCHEDULE 1

to the Compliance Certificate

[Calculations to be attached in a form to be agreed by Administrative Agent and Borrower]

Exhibit D - Schedule 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT E

[FORM OF] ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [the][each]2 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor) and [the][each]3 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]4 hereunder are several and not joint.]5 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors][the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amount[s] and equal to the percentage interest[s] identified below of all the outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including the Letters of Credit included in such facilities6) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under Applicable Law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.

1.Assignor[s]: ______________________________

______________________________

[Assignor [is] [is not] a Defaulting Lender]

2 For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language.

3 For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language.

4 Select as appropriate.

5 Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees.

6 Include all applicable subfacilities.

Exhibit E Page 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

2.Assignee[s]: ______________________________

______________________________

[for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]]

3.Borrower(s):NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation

4.Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

5.Credit Agreement: Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or extended from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer

6.Assigned Interest[s]:7

Assignor[s]8 Assignee[s]9 Facility Assigned10 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/ Loans for all Lenders11 Amount of Commitment/ Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment/ Loans12 CUSIP Number

__________ $______________ $________ __________% 

__________ $______________ $________ __________% 

__________ $______________ $________ __________% 

[7.Trade Date: __________, 20___]13

Effective Date: __________, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

7 The reference to Loans in the table should be used only if the Credit Agreement provides for Term Loans.

8 List each Assignor, as appropriate.

9 List each Assignee and, if available, its market entity identifier, as appropriate.

10 Fill in the appropriate terminology for the types of facilities under the Credit Agreement that are being assigned under this Assignment (e.g. Revolving Credit Commitment, Term Loan Commitment, etc.).

11 Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date.

12 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

13 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date.

Exhibit E Page 2

4901-8586-1905 v.14

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR[S]14

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNEE[S]15

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

14 Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if applicable).

15 Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if applicable).

Signature Page to

Assignment and Assumption

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Consented to and] Accepted:16

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Consented to:]17

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

16To be added only if the consent of Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

17To be added only if the consent of Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. L/C Issuer) is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

Signature Page to

Assignment and Assumption

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

[___________________]18

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations and Warranties.

1.1. Assignor. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.

1.2. Assignee. 

(1) [The][Each] Assignee represents and warrants that:

(i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement,

(ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.07(b)(iii) and (v) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.07(b)(iii) of the Credit Agreement),

(iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder,

(iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type,

(v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest,

18 Describe Credit Agreement at option of Administrative Agent.

Exhibit E Annex 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

(vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and

(vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee

(2) [The][Each] Assignee agrees that:

(i) it will, independently and without reliance upon Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and

(ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.

[(3) [The][Each] Assignee (x) represents and warrants, as of the Effective Date, to, and (y) covenants, from the Effective Date to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party to the Credit Agreement, for the benefit of, [the][each] Assignor, Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) [the][such] Assignee is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments;

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to [the][such] Assignees entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and the Credit Agreement and acquisition and holding of the Assigned Interest;

(iii) (A) [the][such] Assignee is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of [the][such] Assignee to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and the Credit Agreement and acquire and hold the Assigned Interest, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and the Credit Agreement and the acquisition and holding of the Assigned Interest satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best 

Exhibit E Annex 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

knowledge of [the][such] Assignee, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to [the][such] Assignees entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and the Credit Agreement and acquisition and holding of the Assigned Interest; or

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Assignor, in its sole discretion, Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and [the][such] Assignee.

(4) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (3) is true with respect to [the][an] Assignee or (2) [the][such] Assignee has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (3), [the][such] Assignee further (x) represents and warrants, as of the Effective Date, to, and (y) covenants, from the Effective Date to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party to the Credit Agreement, for the benefit of, [the][each] Assignor, Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of [the][any] Assignor, Administrative Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of [the][such] Assignee involved in the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or the Credit Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related thereto).]

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee.

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of __________ [confirm that choice of law provision parallels the Credit Agreement].

Exhibit E Annex 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT F

[FORM OF] UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY AGREEMENT

THIS UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY AGREEMENT (this Guaranty)is executed as of [___________], by EACH OF THE SUBSIDIARIES OF NVR, INC., a Virginia corporation (Borrower), LISTED ON SCHEDULE 1 ATTACHED HERETO or which become a party hereto pursuant to Section 20 below (each a Guarantor and collectively, Guarantors), for the benefit of the Credit Parties defined below.

R E C I T A L S:

1. Borrower may, from time to time, be indebted to the Credit Parties pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 (herein referred to, together with all amendments, modifications, restatements, or supplements thereof, as the Credit Agreement), by and among Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association (Administrative Agent), as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer, and the Lenders defined therein (Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and any Person who is a provider of a Swap Contract guaranteed hereunder, together with their respective successors and assigns are herein called the Credit Parties).

2. Capitalized terms used herein shall, unless otherwise indicated, have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.

3. It is a condition to the Credit Parties making, or continuing to make, the loans under the Credit Agreement or otherwise extending, or continuing to extend, credit to Borrower from time to time that Guarantors unconditionally guarantee payment of all present and future indebtedness and obligations of Borrower to the Credit Parties under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents.

4. Each Guarantor will, directly or indirectly, benefit from the Credit Parties extension of credit to Borrower.

NOW, THEREFORE, as an inducement to the Credit Parties to make, or continue to make, loans to Borrower under the Credit Agreement, and to extend, or continue to extend, such credit to Borrower as the Credit Parties may from time to time agree to extend, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee payment of the Guaranteed Obligations (hereinafter defined) as more specifically described below in Section 1 and hereby agree as follows:

1. Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, jointly and severally, as a guarantee of payment and not merely as a guarantee of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of (a) any and all existing and future indebtedness and liabilities of every kind, nature and character, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, voluntary or involuntary, of Borrower to the Credit Parties arising under the Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and all reasonable and, when possible, documented out-of-pocket costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Credit Parties in connection with the collection or enforcement thereof) and (b) any and all Obligations of Borrower arising under any Swap Contract that relates solely to the Obligations entered into with a Person who is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time that such Swap Contract was entered into (whether or not such Lender ceases to be a party to the Credit Agreement) (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations); provided thatthe Guaranteed 

Exhibit F Page 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations. Administrative Agents books and records showing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor and conclusive, absent manifest error, for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Guaranteed Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Guaranteed Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, United States Code) or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law.

2. No Setoff or Deductions; Taxes. Each Guarantor represents and warrants that it is resident in the United States of America. All payments by any Guarantor hereunder shall be paid in full, without setoff or counterclaim or any deduction or withholding whatsoever, including, without limitation, for any and all present and future taxes. If any Guarantor must make a payment under this Guaranty, such Guarantor represents and warrants that it will make the payment from one of its U.S. resident offices to the Credit Parties so that no withholding tax is imposed on the payment. If notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor makes a payment under this Guaranty to which withholding tax applies, or any taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) are at any time imposed on any payments under or in respect of this Guaranty including, but not limited to, payments made pursuant to this Section 2, such Guarantor shall pay all such taxes to the relevant authority in accordance with applicable law such that the Credit Parties receive the sum they would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made and shall also pay to the Credit Parties, on demand, all additional amounts which the Credit Parties specify as necessary to preserve the after-tax yield the Credit Parties would have received if such taxes had not been imposed. Guarantors shall promptly provide Administrative Agent with an original receipt or certified copy issued by the relevant authority evidencing the payment of any such amount required to be deducted or withheld.

3. No Termination. This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until the Payment in Full of the Obligations, except to the extent that, and only with respect to the applicable Guarantor, the release of any Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 of the Credit Agreement. All payments under this Guaranty shall be made at Administrative Agents Office in U.S. Dollars.

4. Waiver of Notices. Each Guarantor waives notice of the acceptance of this Guaranty and of the extension or continuation of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. Each Guarantor further waives presentment, protest, notice, dishonor or default, demand for payment and any other notices to which any Guarantor might otherwise be entitled.

5. Subrogation. No Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until the Payment in Full of the Obligations. If any amounts are paid to any Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to Administrative Agent for the benefit of the applicable Credit Parties to reduce the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

6. Waiver of Suretyship Defenses. Each Guarantor agrees that Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may, at any time and from time to time, and without notice to Guarantors, make any 

Exhibit F Page 2

4901-8586-1905 v.14

agreement with Borrower or with any other Person liable on any of the Guaranteed Obligations or providing collateral as security for the Guaranteed Obligations, for the extension, renewal, payment, compromise, discharge or release of the Guaranteed Obligations or any collateral (in whole or in part), or for any modification or amendment of the terms thereof or of any instrument or agreement evidencing the Guaranteed Obligations or the provision of collateral, all without in any way impairing, releasing, discharging or otherwise affecting the obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty. Each Guarantor waives any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever of the liability of Borrower, or any claim that any Guarantors obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of Borrower and waives the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the liability of any Guarantor hereunder. Each Guarantor waives any right to enforce any remedy which such Guarantor now has or may hereafter have against Borrower and waives any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Credit Parties. Further, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor.

7. Exhaustion of Other Remedies Not Required. The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor waives diligence by the Credit Parties and action on delinquency in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, including, without limitation any provisions of law requiring the Credit Parties to exhaust any right or remedy or to take any action against Borrower, any other guarantor or any other Person or property before enforcing this Guaranty against any Guarantor.

8. Reinstatement. Notwithstanding anything in this Guaranty to the contrary, this Guaranty shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations is revoked, terminated, rescinded or reduced or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of Borrower or any other Person or otherwise, as if such payment had not been made and whether or not Administrative Agent is in possession of or has released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction.

9. Subordination. Each Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of Borrower owing to such Guarantor, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of Borrower to such Guarantor as subrogee of the Credit Parties or resulting from such Guarantors performance under this Guaranty, to the indefeasible payment in full of all Guaranteed Obligations. If any Event of Default exists and Administrative Agent so requests, any such obligation or indebtedness of Borrower to any Guarantor shall be enforced and performance received by such Guarantor as trustee for the Credit Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to Administrative Agent on account of the Guaranteed Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of any Guarantor under this Guaranty.

10. Information. Each Guarantor agrees to furnish promptly to Administrative Agent any and all financial or other information regarding such Guarantor or its property as Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing.

11. Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed, upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of Borrower or any other Person, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by Guarantors immediately upon demand by Administrative Agent.

Exhibit F Page 3

4901-8586-1905 v.14

12. Expenses. Guarantors shall pay on demand all reasonable and, when possible, documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys fees and expenses of counsel for any Credit Party; provided that absent a conflict of interest, the Guarantors shall not be required to pay for more than one (1) counsel (and appropriate local and special counsel) in any way relating to the enforcement or protection of the Credit Parties rights under this Guaranty, including any incurred in the preservation, protection or enforcement of any rights of the Credit Parties in any case commenced by or against any Guarantor under the Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, United States Code) or any similar or successor statute. The obligations of Guarantors under the preceding sentence shall survive termination of this Guaranty.

13. Amendments. No provision of this Guaranty may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, except by a written instrument executed by Administrative Agent and Guarantors.

14. No Waiver; Enforceability. No failure by the Credit Parties to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, remedy or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy or powerhereunder preclude any otheror further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law or in equity. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of this Guaranty shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision herein.

15. Assignments. This Guaranty shall (a) bind each Guarantor and its successors and assigns, provided that no Guarantor may assign its rights or obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of Administrative Agent (and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void), and (b) inure to the benefit of the Credit Parties and their successors and assigns and the Credit Parties may, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Credit Agreement, assign or sell participations in the Guaranteed Obligations, in whole or in part. Subject to Section 10.08 of the Credit Agreement, each Guarantor agrees that the Credit Parties may disclose to any prospective purchaser and any purchaser of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations any and all information in the Credit Parties possession concerning any Guarantor, this Guaranty and any security for this Guaranty.

16. Condition of Borrower. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from Borrower such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of Borrower as Guarantors require, and that Credit Parties have no duty, and Guarantors are not relying on the Credit Parties at any time, to disclose to Guarantors any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of Borrower.

17. Setoff. If and to the extent any payment is not made when due hereunder, each Credit Party is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Credit Party to or for the credit or the account of Guarantor against any and all of the obligations of Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Guaranty to such Credit Party, irrespective of whether or not such Credit Party shall have made any demand under this Guaranty and although such obligations of Guarantor may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Credit Party different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 of the Credit Agreement and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for 

Exhibit F Page 4

4901-8586-1905 v.14

the benefit of each Credit Party, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Credit Party under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Credit Party may have. Each Credit Party agrees to notify Borrower and Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

18. Other Guarantees. Unless otherwise agreed by Administrative Agent and Guarantors in writing, this Guaranty is not intended to supersede or otherwise affect any other guaranty now or hereafter given by Guarantors for the benefit of the Credit Parties or any term or provision thereof.

19. Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) it is duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has full capacity and right to make and perform this Guaranty, and all necessary authority to do so has been obtained; (b) this Guaranty constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by Debtor Relief Laws and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law; (c) the making and performance of this Guaranty does not and will not violate the provisions of any applicable law, regulation or order, and does not and will not result in the breach of, or constitute a default or require any consent (that has not been obtained) under, any material agreement, instrument, or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected; (d) all consents, approvals, licenses and authorizations of, and filings and registrations with, any governmental authority required under applicable law and regulations for the making and performance of this Guaranty have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect; and (e) by virtue of its relationship with Borrower, the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty is for the direct benefit of such Guarantor and it has received adequate consideration for this Guaranty. By execution hereof, each Guarantor covenants and agrees that certain representations, warranties, terms, covenants, and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents are applicable to such Guarantor and shall be imposed upon such Guarantor, and such Guarantor reaffirms that each such representation and warranty is true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifiers set forth therein) and covenants and agrees to promptly and properly perform, observe, and comply with each such term, covenant, or condition. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution hereof, such Guarantor will be deemed to be a Loan Party under the Credit Agreement and a Guarantor for all purposes of the Credit Agreement. Moreover, each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that this Guaranty is subject to the setoff provisions of the Loan Documents in favor of the Credit Parties. In the event the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall cease to remain in effect for any reason whatsoever during any period when any part of the Guaranteed Obligations remains unpaid (other than contingent obligations with respect to which no claim has been asserted and Guaranteed Obligations in respect of Swap Contracts for which arrangements with respect thereto satisfactory to the applicable Credit Party in its sole discretion shall have been made), the terms, covenants, and agreements of the Credit Agreement or such other Loan Document incorporated herein by reference shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect as obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty.

20. Additional Guarantors. The initial Guarantors hereunder shall be each of the Subsidiaries of Borrower that are signatories hereto and that are listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto. From time to time subsequent to the date hereof, additional Subsidiaries of Borrower may become parties hereto as additional Guarantors (each an Additional Guarantor) by executing a counterpart of this Guaranty in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. Upon delivery of any such counterpart to Administrative Agent, notice of which is hereby waived by Guarantors, each such Additional Guarantor shall be a Guarantor and shall be a party hereto as if such Additional Guarantor were an original signatory hereof. Each Guarantor 

Exhibit F Page 5

4901-8586-1905 v.14

expressly agrees that its obligations arising hereunder shall not be affected or diminished by the addition or release of any other Guarantor hereunder, or by any election by Administrative Agent not to cause any Subsidiary of Borrower to become an Additional Guarantor hereunder. This Guaranty shall be fully effective as to any Guarantor that is or becomes a party hereto regardless of whether any other Person becomes or fails to become or ceases to be a Guarantor hereunder.

21. Release of Guarantors. Pursuant to Section 9.10 of the Credit Agreement, any Guarantor may be released from its obligations under this Guaranty by Administrative Agents execution of a Release of Guaranty in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. Each Guarantor expressly agrees that its obligations arising hereunder shall not be affected or diminished by the release of any other Guarantor hereunder. Subject to Section 8 above, upon the Payment in Full of the Obligations, this Guaranty shall be automatically terminated and each Guarantor shall be released from its obligations under this Guaranty. Upon any permitted release of a Guarantor, Administrative Agent shall take such action and execute such documents as such Guarantor may reasonably request (and at such Guarantors sole cost and expense) in order to evidence the release of such Guarantor from this Guaranty.

22. Keepwell. Each Loan Party that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor (as hereinafter defined) at the time this Guaranty by any Specified Loan Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under this Guaranty and the other Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantors obligations and undertakings under this Section 22 voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 22 shall remain in full force and effect until the Guaranteed Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends this Section 22 to constitute, and this Section 22 shall be deemed to constitute, a Guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 22, Qualified ECP Guarantor means, at any time, each Guarantor with total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under 1418 (A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

23. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS GUARANTY AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE 

Exhibit F Page 6

4901-8586-1905 v.14

TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND EACH CREDIT PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORKSTATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND EACH CREDIT PARTY AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS GUARANTY OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY GUARANTOR OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. EACH GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND EACH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO AND EACH CREDIT PARTY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.03 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. NOTHING IN THIS GUARANTY WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

(e) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO AND EACH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER; AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO AND EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTY AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

Exhibit F Page 7

4901-8586-1905 v.14

24. COUNTERPARTS. This Guaranty may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Guaranty by electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. This Guaranty and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank;

Signature Page(s) Follow(s).]

Exhibit F Page 8

4901-8586-1905 v.14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor has caused this Unconditional Guaranty Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above.

GUARANTORS:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature blocks to be inserted.]

Signature Page to

Unconditional Guaranty Agreement

4901-8586-1905 v.14

SCHEDULE 1

INITIAL GUARANTORS

[Guarantors to be identified.]

Exhibit F - Schedule 1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT A

COUNTERPART TO UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY AGREEMENT

In witness whereof, the undersigned Additional Guarantor has caused this Unconditional Guaranty Agreement to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of __________, 20___.

[NAME OF ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit F Exhibit A

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT B

[FORM OF] RELEASE OF GUARANTOR

In witness whereof, the undersigned Administrative Agent, for itself and on behalf of each of the Credit Parties (as defined in the Guaranty (defined hereinafter)), hereby releases and discharges __________ from any and all obligations and liabilities under that certain Unconditional Guaranty Agreement (the Guaranty) dated as of [__________, 20___], executed by certain Subsidiaries of NVR, INC., a Virginia corporation, described therein in favor of the Credit Parties defined therein.

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit F Exhibit B

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT G-1

[FORM OF] U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished Administrative Agent and Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform Borrower and Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished Borrower and Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: __________, 20___

Exhibit G-1

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT G-2

[FORM OF] U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: __________, 20___

Exhibit G-2

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT G-3

[FORM OF] U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g)of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: __________, 20___

Exhibit G-3

4901-8586-1905 v.14

EXHIBIT G-4

[FORM OF] U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NVR, Inc., a Virginia corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished Administrative Agent and Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform Borrower and Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished Borrower and Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: __________, 20___

Exhibit G-4

4901-8586-1905 v.14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nvr-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nvr-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nvr-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Entity Registrant Name NVR, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code VA

Entity File Number 1-12378

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-1394360

Entity Address, Address Line One 11700 Plaza America Drive, Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Reston

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20190

City Area Code 703

Local Phone Number 956-4000

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol NVR

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Document Type 8-K

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000906163

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://nvrinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

nvr-20250311.htm 
nvr-20250311.xsd 
nvr-20250311_lab.xml 
nvr-20250311_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000906163-25-000031-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>nvr-20250311_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000906163 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

0000906163 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
NVR, Inc. 
VA 
1-12378 
54-1394360 
11700 Plaza America Drive, Suite 500 
Reston 
VA 
20190 
703 
956-4000 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
NVR 
NYSE 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>