<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950142-25-000075.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0000950142-25-000075.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113070742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950142-25-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000023197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				112139466
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07928
		FILM NUMBER:		25524774

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 N 54TH STREET
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4803332200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		305 N 54TH STREET
		CITY:			CHANDLER
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19831215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMTECH LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>eh250577142_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?FORM 8-K

false0000023197COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/00000231972025-01-102025-01-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

January 10, 2025 

0-7928

Date of Report 

Commission File Number

(Date of earliest event reported) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

11-2139466

(State or other jurisdiction of 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

incorporation or organization) 

305 N 54th Street 

Chandler,
Arizona85226 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(480)
333-2200 

(Registrants telephone
number, including area code) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name
of exchange

on
which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share CMTL Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an
emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

COMTECH
TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;
Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 13, 2025, Comtech Telecommunications Corp.
(the Company) announced that Mr. Kenneth Traub, who currently serves as the Companys Executive Chairman, has been
appointed to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company in addition to his current role,
effective as of January 13, 2025. Information regarding Mr. Traubs age, background, experience and certain terms of Mr. Traubs
existing employment agreement (the Existing Employment Agreement) can be found in the Companys Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 27, 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference.

In connection with Mr. Traubs appointment,
the Company amended Mr. Traubs Existing Employment Agreement to reflect his new positions and responsibilities. Pursuant to the
Amendment, Mr. Traub will receive an annualized base salary of $1,000,000 and will be eligible to receive a sign-on bonus equal to $650,000
(the Sign-On Bonus), payable as follows: $225,000 on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following February 28, 2025
and $425,000 on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following May 31, 2025. If the Company terminates Mr. Traubs employment
for Cause (as defined in the Existing Employment Agreement) or if Mr. Traub voluntarily terminates employment without Good
Reason (as defined in the Existing Employment Agreement) prior to January 13, 2026, then Mr. Traub shall be obligated to immediately
return to the Company the full amount of the Sign-On Bonus paid through the date of termination. If the Company terminates Mr. Traubs
employment without Cause (other than due to Mr. Traubs death or disability) or Mr. Traub terminates his employment for Good Reason,
Mr. Traub will, in addition to the benefits set forth in the Existing Employment Agreement, be entitled to receive a pro-rata portion
of the Sign-On Bonus. The foregoing summary of the terms of the Amendment is subject
to the full and complete terms of the Amendment, which the Company expects to file as an exhibit to its periodic report covering the effective
date of the Existing Employment Agreement.

There are no transactions since the beginning of the
Companys last fiscal year in which the Company is a participant and in which Mr. Traub or any members of his immediate family have
any interest that are required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. No family relationships exist between Mr. Traub and
any of the Companys directors or executive officers. The appointment of Mr. Traub was not pursuant to any arrangement or understanding
between him and any person, other than a director or executive officer of the Company acting in his or her official capacity.

The Company also announced the mutually agreed separation
of John Ratigan as President, CEO and member of the Board of Directors (the Board), effective as of January 13, 2025 (the
Separation Date).

The Company has entered into a separation agreement
and release (the Separation Agreement), dated January 10, 2025, with Mr. Ratigan. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement,
Mr. Ratigan will cease to serve as President, CEO and a member of the Board and has withdrawn his candidacy for election as a director
at the Companys upcoming annual meeting. In addition, in exchange for a release of claims and continued compliance with the restrictive
covenants set forth in that certain employment agreement by and between Mr. Ratigan and the Company, dated as of October 28, 2024, and
the Companys clawback policies and provisions in effect as of the Separation Date, Mr. Ratigan is entitled to receive (i) accrued
obligations through the Separation Date (which includes base salary, any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses, any benefits provided under
the Companys employee benefit plans, including the Companys 2023 Equity and Incentive Plan and related award grants, and
all rights to indemnification and directors and officers liability insurance coverage), (ii) a lump sum cash severance payment in the
amount of $750,000, which amount will be paid on the sixtieth day following the Separation Date (in both cases, subject to all withholdings
for applicable taxes and other authorized withholdings), and (iii) subject to his election of COBRA coverage, reimbursement of a monthly
amount equal to the monthly health premiums for such coverage paid by Mr. Ratigan for himself and his eligible dependents until the earlier
of (x) 12 months following the Separation Date, (y) the date Mr. Ratigan is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage,
and (z) the date on which Mr. Ratigan becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer. The Separation
Agreement also contains customary restrictive covenants, including non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions.

The foregoing description of the Separation Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Separation Agreement, a copy of
which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A copy of the Companys press release announcing
the above is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description 

10.1 Separation Agreement, dated January 10, 2025

99.1 Press Release dated January 13, 2025 issued by Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 13, 2025

COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Michael A. Bondi 

Name: Michael A. Bondi 

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>eh250577142_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 10.1

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE

This Separation Agreement and Release (Agreement)
is made by and between John Ratigan (Executive) and Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (Comtech), and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the Company) (Each of the Executive and the Company will be referred to herein as a Party and
jointly as the Parties):

WHEREAS, Executive was employed by the Company
pursuant to an Employment agreement, dated as of October 28, 2024, by and between the Executive and the Company (the Employment
Agreement) and Executives employment shall be terminated effective January 13, 2025 (the Termination Date);

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and
all disputes, claims, complaints, grievances, charges, actions, petitions, and demands that the Executive may have against the Company,
including, but not limited to, any and all claims arising or in any way related to Executives employment with or separation from
the Company or any compensation due to the Executive, including pursuant to the Employment Agreement; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement will become effective
on the eighth day after it is signed by Executive (such date being the Effective Date), provided that Executive has not
revoked this Agreement by written notice to the President of the Company prior to the Effective Date, as provided herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises
made herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1.Termination of Employment. Executives employment is terminated as of the Termination Date by the Company without
Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement).

2.Consideration. As consideration for the release of claims and all other covenants made
herein, the Parties agree that the Executive shall receive the following in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement: 

(a) The Accrued Obligations (as defined in the Employment Agreement), which shall include:

(i) Base Salary (as defined in the Employment Agreement) through January 10, 2025, which is equivalent to $28,846.16 (subject to withholdings
for applicable taxes and authorized other withholdings); and

(ii) Any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses properly incurred in accordance with Section 4.6 of the Employment Agreement through Termination
Date; and

(b) Pursuant to Section 5.5 (d) of the Employment Agreement, an amount equal to one times Executives Base Salary to be paid in
one lump sum on the sixtieth (60th) day following the Termination Date (the Payment Date), which is equivalent to $750,000.00
(subject to withholdings for applicable taxes and authorized other withholdings).

(c) Executive shall waive any right to a pro rata Annual Bonus under Section 5.5(c) of the Employment Agreement.

(d) All granted but unvested equity in the Company, including but not limited to RSUs, Long-Term Performance Shares and Restricted Stock,
shall be terminated herewith pursuant to the applicable plan documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the Executive shall not be entitled
to

1 

receive any consideration for the equity incentives contemplated
under Section 4.3 of the Employment Agreement.

3.Benefits. If Executive is currently participating in the group health insurance plans maintained by Comtech, Executives
participation as an employee and the participation of his qualifying dependents will end on the last day of the month in which the Termination
Date occurs; thus, January 31, 2025. If Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus
Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), in accordance with and subject to Section 5.4(e) of the Employment Agreement, the Company
shall reimburse Executive for the monthly COBRA premium paid by Executive for himself and his dependents. Any such reimbursement for the
period prior to the Payment Date shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Payment Date and any reimbursement for any month (or
portion thereof) on and after the Payment Date shall be paid to Executive on the tenth day of the month immediately following the month
in which Executive timely remits the premium payment. Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of:
(i) the first anniversary of the Termination Date (the Benefits Reimbursement Period); (ii) the date Executive is no longer
eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar
coverage from another employer.

4.Payment of Salary, Accrued Vacation and Expense Reimbursements. Executive acknowledges and represents that the Company has
paid all salary, wages, bonuses, annual incentives, expenses, accrued vacation and paid time off due to Executive as of the Termination
Date. Executive affirms Executive has been granted any leave to which Executive was entitled under the Family and Medical Leave Act or
related state or local leave or disability accommodation laws. Executive affirms that all of Employers decisions regarding Executives
pay and benefits through the date of Executives execution of this Agreement were not discriminatory based on age, disability, race,
color, sex, religion, national origin or any other classification protected by law. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has
no current on-the-job or occupational injury or incurred any wage, overtime or leave claims while working at the Company. Executive also
affirms that Executive is in possession of all of Executives property that Executive had at Employers premises and that
Employer is not in possession of any of Executives property.

5.Confidential Information.

(a)Executives fully executed Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement with the Company dated January 3, 2025
shall survive termination of Executives employment (the Confidential Information Agreement)]. Executive affirms Executive
has not divulged any proprietary or confidential information of Employer in violation of the Confidential Information Agreement and reaffirms
Executives obligation to comply with the terms and conditions of the Confidential Information Agreement. Subject to the exceptions
set forth in Section 9, Executive will hold in strictest confidence and will not disclose, use, lecture upon, or publish any of the Companys
Proprietary Information. Executive hereby assigns to the Company any rights that Executive may have or acquire in Proprietary Information
and recognizes that all Proprietary Information shall be the sole property of the Company and its assigns. For purposes of this Agreement,
the term Proprietary Information shall mean any and all confidential and/or proprietary knowledge, data or information of
the Company. By way of illustration but not limitation, Proprietary Information includes (i) trade secrets, inventions,
mask works, ideas, processes, formulas, source and object codes, data, programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries,
developments, designs and techniques; (ii) information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling,
business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, suppliers and customers; and (iii) information
regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of the Company.

(b)Executive affirms that Executive has returned all of the Companys property and Proprietary Information in Executives
possession or control to the Company.

2 

(c) Executive understands, in addition, that the Company has received and, in the future, will receive from third parties confidential
or proprietary information (Third Party Information) subject to a duty on the Companys part to maintain the confidentiality
of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. Subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 9, Executive will
hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone other than Company personnel who need to know
such information in connection with their work for the Company.

(d) Executive
agrees not to cause or participate in the publication of any false or misleading information concerning the facts underlying the separation
of employment. This provision shall not prevent Executive from disclosing information consistent with Section 9 below, or to his spouse,
immediate family members, tax advisor, and/or an attorney with whom Executive chooses to consult, provided they are advised as to the
confidentiality of the information.

6.Release of Claims. Executive agrees that the foregoing consideration represents settlement in full of all outstanding obligations
owed to Executive by the Company, any subsidiaries or affiliates thereof and all officers, managers, members, supervisors, members of
their board of directors, agents and employees thereof. Executive, on Executives own behalf, and on behalf of Executives
respective heirs, family members, executors, agents, and assigns, hereby fully and forever releases the Company, their affiliates and
subsidiaries, and all officers, members of their board of directors, employees, agents, investors, shareholders, members, administrators,
affiliates, divisions, predecessor and successor corporations, and assigns of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof (the
Releasees), from, and hereby waives and agrees not to sue concerning, any claim, duty, obligation or cause of action relating to
any matters of any kind, whether presently known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, that Executive may possess arising from any omissions,
acts or facts that have occurred up until and including the Termination Date including, without limitation:

(a)any and all claims relating to or arising from Executives employment relationship with the Company and the termination of
that relationship;

(b)any and all claims relating to, or arising from, Executives right to purchase, or actual purchase of, equity of the Company
or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, including, without limitation, any claims for fraud, misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty,
breach of duty under applicable state corporate law, and securities fraud under any state or federal law;

(c)any and all claims under the law of any jurisdiction including, but not limited to, wrongful discharge of employment, constructive
discharge from employment, termination in violation of public policy, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, breach of contract, both
express and implied, breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; promissory estoppel, negligent or
intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligent or intentional misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract
or prospective economic advantage, unfair business practices, defamation, libel, slander, negligence, personal injury, assault, battery,
invasion of privacy, false imprisonment, and conversion;

(d)any and all claims for violation of any national, federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities
Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, The Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification
Act, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; The Virginia Human Rights Act Va. Code 2.2-3900 et seq., any regulations
thereunder, and any human rights law of any Virginia county or municipality; Virginia Statutory Provisions Regarding Retaliation/Discrimination
for Filing a Workers Compensation Claim Va. Code 65.2-308(A) and (B); The Virginia Equal Pay Act Va. Code
40.1-28.6; The Virginians With Disabilities Act Va. Code 51.5-1 et seq.; Virginia AIDS Testing Law Va. Code
Ann. 32.1-36.1; Virginia Minimum Wage Laws Va. Code 40.1-28.8 et seq.; Virginia Wage Payment and Hour Laws, including
Virginia Overtime Wage Act 

3 

Va. Code 40.1-29 et seq.; Virginia Occupational Safety and
Health (VOSH) Law Va. Code 40.1-49.3 et seq.; Virginia Code 8.01-40 regarding unauthorized use of name or picture
of any person; Virginia Code 40.1-27 regarding preventing employment by others of former employee; Virginia Code 40.1-28.7:2
regarding protection of crime victims employment; Virginia Code 18.2-465.1 regarding protection of court witnesses
and jurors employment; Va. Code 44-98, prohibiting interference with employment of members of Virginia National Guard, Virginia
Defense Force, or naval militia; Va. Code sections 18.2-499 and 500 (the Virginia statutory conspiracy statutes); Va. Code 8.01-413.1
(Personnel Records Law); Virginia statutory provisions prohibiting discrimination against employees who serve as members of a local electoral
board, assistant general registrars, and officers of election Va. Code 24.2-119.1; Virginia statutory provisions prohibiting
discharge based on single indebtedness Va. Code 34-29; Virginia statutory provisions regarding leave for volunteer members
of Civil Air Patrol Va. Code 40.1-28.6; Virginia statutory provisions regarding prohibitions on an employers requiring
employees to disclose usernames or passwords for social media accounts Va. Code 40.1-28.7:5; Virginia statutory provisions
regarding genetic testing or genetic characteristics Va. Code 40.1-28.7:1; Va. Code 40.1-28.01 regarding sexual
assault-related nondisclosure agreements; Va. Code 40.1-28.7:7 and VA Code 40.1-33.1 regarding independent contractor classification;
Va. Code 40.1-28.7:8 regarding covenants not to compete for low wage workers; Va. Code 40.1-28.7:9 regarding pay transparency;
Va. Code 40.1-27.3 regarding whistleblower protection; Virginia statutory provisions regarding medicinal use of cannabis oil 
Va. Code 40.1-27.4; Virginia statutory provisions regarding paid sick leave Va. Code 40.1-33.3 et seq.

(e)any and all claims for violation of the federal, or any state, constitution;

(f)any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination;

(g)any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of
any of the proceeds received by Executive as a result of this Agreement; and

(h)any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs.

Executive is not waiving any rights Executive
may have to: (i) Executives own vested accrued employee benefits under the Companys health, welfare, or retirement benefit
plans as of the Termination Date; (ii) benefits and/or the right to seek benefits under applicable workers compensation and/or
unemployment compensation statutes; (iii) pursue claims which by law cannot be waived by signing this Agreement; (iv) enforce this Agreement;
and/or (v) challenge the validity of this Agreement pursuant to the ADEA.

If any claim is not subject to release, to the
extent permitted by law, Executive waives any right or ability to be a class or collective action representative or to otherwise participate
in any putative or certified class, collective or multi-party action or proceeding based on such a claim in which Employer is a party.

The Company and Executive agree that the release
set forth in this Section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released.

7.Acknowledgement of Waiver of Claims Under ADEA. Executive acknowledges that Executive is waiving and releasing any rights
Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA) and that this waiver and release is knowing
and voluntary. Executive and the Company agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under
ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that the consideration given for this waiver and release Agreement
is in addition to anything of value to which Executive was already entitled. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been advised
by this writing that:

(a)Executive should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement;

4 

(b) Executive has up to twenty-one (21) days within which to consider this Agreement (after which time expires without signature,
the offer of this Agreement shall be deemed withdrawn);

(c)Executive has seven (7) days following Executives execution of this Agreement to revoke the Agreement in writing by sending
written notice stating of the same to Jennie Kerr, 68 South Service Road, Suite 230, Melville, NY 11747, and, if mailed, postmarked within
seven (7) days of the date upon which Executive signed this Agreement;

(d)this Agreement shall not be effective until the revocation period has expired with no written revocation received by the Company;
and

(e)nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Executive from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity
of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties or costs from doing so, unless specifically authorized
by federal law.

8.No Pending or Future Lawsuits. Except as described below, Executive agrees and covenants not to file any suit, charge or
complaint against the Company or any other Releasee in any court or administrative agency, with regard to any claim, demand, liability
or obligation arising out of Executives employment with the Company or separation therefrom. Executive further represents
that no claims, complaints, charges, or other proceedings are pending in any court, administrative agency, commission or other forum relating
directly or indirectly to Executives employment by the Company.

9.Governmental Agencies. Nothing in this Agreement prohibits or prevents Executive from filing a charge with or participating,
testifying, or assisting in any investigation, hearing, or other proceeding before the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the
National Labor Relations Board or a similar agency enforcing federal, state or local anti-discrimination laws. However, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, Executive agrees that if such an administrative claim is made to such an anti-discrimination agency, Executive
shall not be entitled to recover any individual monetary relief or other individual remedies. In addition, nothing in this Agreement, including
but not limited to the release of claims nor the confidentiality or non-disparagement clauses, prohibits Executive (or
Executives attorney) from: (1) reporting possible violations of federal law or regulations, including any possible securities laws
violations, to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, the U.S. Congress, or any agency Inspector General, including disclosing confidential information of the Company
to such agency or entity, without any requirement to notify the Company before or after making such reports or disclosures; (2) making
any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal law or regulations; or (3) otherwise fully participating
in any federal whistleblower programs, including but not limited to any such programs managed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
and/or the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Moreover, nothing in this Agreement prohibits or prevents Executive from
receiving individual monetary awards or other individual relief by virtue of participating in such federal whistleblower programs.

10.Non-Disparagement. Subject to the exceptions set forth in Section 9, Executive agrees, on behalf of himself and anyone acting
on his behalf, not to disparage the Company, and the Companys officers, directors, managers, partners, employees, or agents, in
any manner likely to be harmful to them or their business, business reputation or personal reputation; provided that Executive may respond
accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for information when required by legal process. Executive agrees to refrain from
any defamation, libel, or slander of the Releasees, and any tortious interference with the contracts, relationships and prospective economic
advantage of the Releasees. Executive agrees that Executive shall direct all inquiries by potential future employers to the Companys
Vice President of Human Resources. 

11.Resignation as a Director. As of the Termination Date, Executive confirms that he shall resign as a director of the Company
and all subsidiaries thereof and such resignation is voluntary and not due to any

5 

disagreement with the Company as contemplated by such Item 5.02
of Form 8-K. Executive further confirms that he shall withdraw his candidacy for election to the Company Board of Directors at the regularly
scheduled Annual Meeting.

12.Clawback Policies. Executive acknowledges that Executive shall remain subject to the terms of Companys clawback policies
and provisions in effect as of the Termination Date and Executive acknowledges and agrees that all compensation recovery, forfeiture and
clawback related provisions in any policy, plan, program, award or award notice of the Company and which apply to Executive, will continue
in full force and effect after the Termination Date, including to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law as such may be adopted
or modified after the Termination Date. To the extent permitted by law, the amounts payable under this Agreement may be reduced
to enforce any repayment obligation of Executive to the Company.

13.Breach. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any other remedy that the Company may have in law or equity,
any material breach of this Agreement by Executive shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or cease the consideration payments
provided to Executive under this Agreement.

14.No Knowledge of Wrongdoing. Executive acknowledges that, consistent with his fiduciary duties to the Company, Executive
has previously reported to the Companys Board of Directors any facts or circumstances within his knowledge that could give rise
to any violation of any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation, and has no other knowledge of any wrongdoing that involves Executive
or other present or former Company employees. Executive further affirms Executive has not been retaliated against for reporting any allegations
of wrongdoing by Employer or its officers, including any allegations of corporate fraud.

15.No Admission of Liability. No action taken by the Parties hereto, or either of them, either previously or in connection
with this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to be:

(a) an admission of the truth or falsity of any claims made or any potential claims; or

(b) an acknowledgment or admission by either Party of any fault or liability whatsoever to the other Party or to any third party.

16.Costs. The Parties shall each bear their own costs, expert fees, attorneys fees, and other fees incurred in connection
with this Agreement, except as provided herein.

17.Tax Consequences. The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the tax consequences of the payment
of any sums to Executive under the terms of this Agreement. Executive agrees and understands that Executive is responsible for payment,
if any, of local, state and/or federal taxes on the sums paid hereunder by the Company and any penalties or assessments thereon; provided,
however, that the Company shall withhold from the Separation Payment and other benefits due hereunder any taxes, charges, or other assessments
of any kind required under law to be withheld by the Company. Executive further agrees to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from
any claims, demands, deficiencies, penalties, assessments, executions, judgments, or recoveries by any government agency against the Company
for any amounts claimed due on account of Executives failure to pay federal or state taxes or damages sustained by the Company
by reason of any such claims, including reasonable attorneys fees.

18.Mutual Dispute Resolution. The Parties agree that any claim, controversy, or dispute arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or Executives employment with Employer that otherwise could have been resolved in a court of law shall be resolved exclusively
by final and binding arbitration before one neutral arbitrator, administered by JAMS according to its then applicable Employment Arbitration
Rules. Each Party agrees to provide written notice to the other of any such claim, controversy, or dispute before initiating a claim at
JAMS.

6 

This arbitration provision shall be governed by and interpreted
in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act to the fullest extent permitted by law.

The arbitration shall take place in the JAMS office
located closest to the jurisdiction where Executive last worked for Employer. The arbitrator shall apply the substantive law-relating
to all claims and defenses to be arbitrated in the same manner had the matter been heard in court, including the award of any remedy or
relief on an individual basis (including awarding reasonable attorneys fees). Any award shall be in writing. Each Party shall have
the right to conduct discovery consistent with the streamlined nature of arbitration.

Claims not covered by this arbitration provision
are claims for workers compensation or unemployment insurance benefits; petitions or charges that could be brought before the NLRB
or EEOC; claims under employee pension, welfare benefit or stock option plans if those plans contain some form of alternative dispute
resolution; and claims which are not subject to arbitration pursuant to federal or state law. Either Party may seek from a court of competent
jurisdiction any provisional remedy pending the completion of arbitration consistent with applicable law. Covered claims must be brought
on an individual basis only, and no arbitrator has authority to resolve multi-Employee, class, collective or representative action claims
under this Agreement (Class Waiver). Any disputes concerning the validity of this Class Waiver will be decided by a court
of competent jurisdiction, not by the arbitrator. Otherwise, any disputes regarding the enforceability or formation of this arbitration
provision (including all defenses to contract enforcement such as, for example, waiver of the right to compel arbitration) shall be decided
by the arbitrator. The parties voluntarily and irrevocably waive any and all rights to have any dispute heard or resolved in any forum
other than through arbitration and this waiver specifically includes but is not limited to a jury trial. Provided, however in -the event
court determines that the class waiver is unenforceable with respect to any claim, it shall not apply to that claim, and that claim may
then only proceed in court as the exclusive forum (with no right to a jury trial).

19.Authority. The Company represents and warrants that the undersigned has the authority to act on behalf of the Company and
to bind the Company and all who may claim through it to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Executive represents and warrants
that Executive has the capacity to act on Executives own behalf and on behalf of all who might claim through Executive to bind
them to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the marital community, if any. Each Party warrants and represents that there
are no liens or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise of or against any of the claims or causes of action released
herein.

20.No Representations. Each Party represents that it has had the opportunity to consult with an attorney, and has carefully
read and understands the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement. In entering into this Agreement, neither Party has relied
upon any representations or statements made by the other Party hereto which are not specifically set forth in this Agreement.

21.Severability. In the event that any provision, or any portion thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision or portion of said
provision.

22.Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Executive concerning
the subject matter of this Agreement and Executives relationship with the Company, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior
agreements and understandings between the Parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, including the Employment Agreement,
and Executives relationship with the Company; provided, however, this Agreement does not supersede the Confidential Information
Agreement or Executives restrictive covenants and other post-employment obligations contained in the Employment Agreement, except
that the Restricted Period applicable to Employment Agreement Section 9.2 (Non-Competition), Section 9.3 (Non-Solicitation-Employees)
and Section 9.4 (Non-Solicitation-Customers) shall be reduced to twelve (12) months.

7 

23.No Waiver. The failure of the Company to insist upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions in this Agreement,
or the failure to prosecute any breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, shall not be construed thereafter as a waiver
of any such terms or conditions. This entire Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as if no such forbearance or failure of performance
had occurred.

24.No Oral Modification. This Agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer
of the Company.

25.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted, governed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of Virginia, without regard to choice of law provisions. Executive hereby consents to submit to personal jurisdiction of, and agrees
that any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought and maintained exclusively in, the State of Virginia.

26.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by facsimile, and each counterpart shall have the same
force and effect as an original and shall constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned.

27.Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Executive and Executives heirs,
executors, personal representatives, assigns, administrators, and legal representatives. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the Company and its successors, assigns and legal representatives.

28.Voluntary Execution of Agreement. This Agreement is executed voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence on the
part or behalf of the Parties, with the full intent of releasing all claims. Executive acknowledges that Executive:

(a)has read this Agreement;

(b)has been represented in the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Agreement by legal counsel of Executives own
choice or that Executive has voluntarily declined to seek such counsel;

(c)at the time of considering or executing this Agreement, was not affected or impaired by illness, use of alcohol, drugs or other
substances or otherwise impaired;

(d) is competent to execute this Agreement and knowingly and voluntarily waives any and all claims Executive may have against Employer;

(e) is not a party to any bankruptcy, lien, creditor-debtor or other proceedings which would impair Executives right or ability
to waive all claims Executive may have against Employer;

(f)understands the terms and consequences of this Agreement and of the releases it contains;

(g)understands that Executive has seven (7) days to revoke this Agreement after signing it, and that any such revocation must be in
writing and delivered to the Company or postmarked within the revocation period to be effective; and

(h)is fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement.

29.Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding
any provision in this Agreement to the contrary:

8 

(a) Any payment otherwise required to be made hereunder to Executive at any date as a result of the termination of Executives
employment shall be delayed for such period of time as may be necessary to meet the requirements of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code
(the Delay Period). On the first business day following the expiration of the Delay Period, Executive shall be paid, in
a single cash lump sum, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all payments delayed pursuant to the preceding sentence, and any remaining
payments not so delayed shall continue to be paid pursuant to the payment schedule set forth herein.

(b)Each payment in a series of payments hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes
of Section 409A of the Code. 

(c)Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the payment (or commencement of a series of payments)
hereunder of any nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) upon a termination of employment
shall be delayed until such time as Executive has also undergone a separation from service as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h),
at which time such nonqualified deferred compensation (calculated as of the date of Executives termination of employment hereunder)
shall be paid (or commence to be paid) to Executive on the schedule set forth in Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement as if Executive had
undergone such termination of employment (under the same circumstances) on the date of Executives ultimate separation from
service. 

(d)To the extent that any right to reimbursement of expenses or payment of any benefit in-kind under
this Agreement constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), (i) any such expense reimbursement
shall be made by the Company no later than the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expense was incurred
by Executive, (ii) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit,
and (iii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits provided during any taxable year shall not affect the
expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year; provided, that the foregoing clause
shall not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section 105(b) of the Code solely because such
expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect. 

(e)While the payments and benefits provided hereunder are intended to be structured in a manner to avoid
the implication of any penalty taxes under Section 409A of the Code, in no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional
tax, interest, or penalties that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A of the Code for failing to comply with Section
409A of the Code (other than for withholding obligations or other obligations applicable to employers, if any, under Section 409A of the
Code) provided that the Company acted in reasonable good faith in connection with complying with Section 409A of the Code.

[Signature Page Follows]

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Agreement on the respective dates set forth below.

EXECUTIVE 

Dated: 1/10/25 /s/ John Ratigan 

John Ratigan 

COMPANY: 

Comtech Telecommunications Corp. 

Dated: 1/10/25 By: /s/ Kenneth H. Traub 

Name: Kenneth H. Traub 

Title: Executive Chairman 

[Signature
Page to SEPARATION AGREEMENT and Release]

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>eh250577142_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 99.1

Comtech Announces CEO Transition and Comprehensive
Transformation Initiatives

Appoints Kenneth H. Traub as President and Chief
Executive Officer, Effective Immediately

Commences Comprehensive Transformation to Immediately
Strengthen Company 

CHANDLER, Ariz. Jan. 13, 2025 Comtech Telecommunications
Corp. (NASDAQ: CMTL) (Comtech or the Company), a global communications technology leader, today announced
that its Board of Directors (the Board) has named Ken Traub as President and Chief Executive Officer, replacing John Ratigan
effective immediately. Mr. Traub joined the Comtech Board on October 31, 2024 and became Executive Chairman on November 27, 2024.

Mr. Traub is leading a comprehensive transformation of Comtech. Some highlights
of this transformation include:

Operational Discipline and Rightsizing. Comtech is taking decisive action to improve processes, streamline product lines, optimize
staffing and sharpen its organizational focus. These actions are expected to result in significant cost savings and working capital efficiencies,
particularly in the Companys Satellite & Space Communications (S&S) segment, and position Comtech to generate
sustainable positive cash flow.

Support and Grow Successful Business Units. The Companys Terrestrial & Wireless Networks (T&W)
segment is poised for continued strong growth, driven by the need for nontraditional methods to request emergency help from new devices
and the segments new initiatives in public safety technologies. The growth of the Companys carrier business will be supported
by its latest cloud-agnostic 5G passive and emergency location, messaging and alerting services. In the S&S segment, Comtech is strong
in designing, manufacturing and supporting sophisticated communications equipment for both defense and commercial users that rely on the
Company to provide mission-critical communications infrastructure. Comtech will prudently invest in and support these successful businesses
and capitalize on opportunities to build and monetize these valuable assets.

Strategic Alternatives Process. The Comtech Board, under Mr. Traubs leadership, will conduct a comprehensive review
of strategic alternatives and explore a range of potential transactions to enhance Comtechs strategic focus and strengthen the
Companys balance sheet. This process is a broadening of the previously announced review of strategic alternatives for the T&W
segment and will include various alternatives for the S&S segment.

Strengthening the Capital Structure. Comtech had available liquidity of approximately $30 million of cash and equivalents as
of both October 31, 2024 and January 10, 2025. The Company is positioned to generate positive cash flow over the coming months through
implementation of the initiatives described above and will consider opportunities to strengthen its capital structure.

Mr. Traub commented, While Comtechs recent historical performance
has been unsatisfactory, the Company has great assets, including its people, technologies, reputation, customers and relationships. Since
I joined the Company as Executive Chairman about six weeks ago, I have learned a lot, which gives

me confidence that we can overcome the challenges and create new opportunities
to strengthen the business and drive value. We are implementing a comprehensive set of initiatives to better position Comtech for the
future including improving operational discipline, streamlining operations, supporting profitable growth initiatives, undertaking a broad
review of strategic alternatives and strengthening the capital structure. I am honored to expand my role as President and CEO today, and
look forward to leading the Company into a stronger and brighter future.

The Board is fully supportive of Ken's leadership and committed
to his strategy that will deliver immediate and necessary improvements for Comtech, said former Army Chief Information Officer,
Lieutenant General (Retired) Bruce T. Crawford, Lead Independent Director of the Comtech Board.

There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives
will result in a transaction or other strategic changes or outcomes. There is no timeframe for the conclusion of the process, and
the Company does not intend to comment further regarding this matter unless and until further disclosure is determined to be appropriate
or necessary.

First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Financial Results: Conference Call and Webcast
Information 

In a separate press release issued today, Comtech announced its financial
results for the first quarter of fiscal 2025. That press release can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Companys
website at www.comtech.com/investors.

Comtech will host a conference call with investors and analysts today at
8:30 am Eastern Time. Mr. Traub will lead the call, joined by Michael Bondi, Chief Financial Officer; Daniel Gizinski, President of the
Satellite and Space Communications segment; and Jeff Robertson, President of the Terrestrial & Wireless Networks segment. A live
webcast of the conference call will also be accessible at www.comtech.com/investors. Alternatively,
investors can access the conference call by dialing (800) 579-2543 (domestic), or (785) 424-1789 (international) and using the conference
I.D. "Comtech." A replay will be available for seven days by dialing (800) 839-9557 (domestic), or (402) 220-6089 (international).

About Kenneth H. Traub

Mr. Traub has served as a director on Comtechs Board since October
2024 and was named as Executive Chairman in November 2024. He is a visionary and transformational corporate leader with a successful track
record of building sustainable shareholder value. Mr. Traub has over 30 years of experience as a Chairman, CEO, director and active investor
with a demonstrated record of accomplishment in driving strategic, financial, operational and governance improvements. Mr. Traub is adept
at managing business challenges, executing turnarounds, optimizing capital allocation, driving operational improvements, implementing
M&A and other strategic initiatives and capitalizing on strategic growth opportunities. Mr. Traub received a BA from Emory College
in 1983 and an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1988.

About Comtech

Comtech Telecommunications Corp. is a leading provider of satellite and
space communications technologies; terrestrial and wireless network solutions; Next Generation 911 (NG911) and emergency services; and
cloud native capabilities to commercial and government customers around the world. Through its culture of innovation and employee empowerment,
Comtech leverages its global presence

and decades of technology leadership and experience to create some of the
worlds most innovative solutions for mission-critical communications. For more information, please visit www.comtech.com.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain information in this press release contains,
and oral statements made by our representative from time to time may contain, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can
be identified by words such as: "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate,"
"expect," "future," "goal," "outlook," "intend," "likely," "may,"
"plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "seek," "should," "strategy,"
"target," "will," "would," and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements include,
among others, statements regarding our expectations for our strategic alternatives process, our expectations for further portfolio-shaping
opportunities, our expectations for other operational initiatives, future performance and financial condition, the plans and objectives
of our management and our assumptions regarding such future performance, financial condition, and plans and objectives that involve certain
significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors not under our control which may cause our actual results, future
performance and financial condition to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations are described in our filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. We urge you to consider all of the risks, uncertainties and factors identified above or discussed
in such reports carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements. The risks described above are not the only risks that we face.
We do not intend to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise,
except as required by law.

Investor Relations Contact

Maria Ceriello

631-962-7102

investors@comtech.com

Media Contact

Jamie Clegg

480-532-2523

jamie.clegg@comtech.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>company_logo.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cmtl-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cmtl-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cmtl-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 0-7928

Entity Registrant Name COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/

Entity Central Index Key 0000023197

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-2139466

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 305 N 54th Street

Entity Address, City or Town Chandler

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85226

City Area Code 480

Local Phone Number 333-2200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share

Trading Symbol CMTL

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://comtech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cmtl-20250110.xsd 
cmtl-20250110_lab.xml 
cmtl-20250110_pre.xml 
eh250577142_8k.htm 

company_logo.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000950142-25-000075-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>eh250577142_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000023197 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000023197 
COMTECH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/ 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
0-7928 
DE 
11-2139466 
305 N 54th Street 
Chandler 
AZ 
85226 
480 
333-2200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.10 per share 
CMTL 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>