<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000896878-25-000006.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0000896878-25-000006.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131160114
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000896878-25-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250130
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTUIT INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				770034661
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21180
		FILM NUMBER:		25578297

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 COAST AVENUE
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-944-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 7850
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94039-7850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTUIT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>intu-20250130.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?intu-20250130

0000896878false00008968782025-01-302025-01-30

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 30, 2025

INTUIT INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 000-21180 77-0034661

(State or other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2700 Coast Avenue, Mountain View, CA94043

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(650) 944-6000

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value INTU Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

Revolving Credit Facility

On January 30, 2025, Intuit Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company or Intuit), entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) with the lenders party thereto (collectively, the Lenders), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Agent), which provides for a $4.5 billion unsecured short-term revolving credit facility that is scheduled to mature on April 30, 2025. 

Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement may only be used for the Companys TurboTax 5-Day Early refund offering. This product enables Intuit to provide eligible customers access to their federal tax refunds five days before IRS settlement. Intuit provides these funds to customers only after the IRS confirms and initiates the approved refund payment from the U.S. Department of Treasury to an Intuit controlled account. The credit facility provided under the Credit Agreement is available in addition to the Companys commercial paper program and the Companys existing credit agreement from February 2024.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the Company may borrow, repay and reborrow revolving loans at any time during the term of the facility. Voluntary prepayments of loans and voluntary reductions of unused commitments under the Credit Agreement are permissible without penalty (other than customary interest breakage charges).

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate based on the secured overnight financing (SOFR) or a base rate, at the Companys election, plus an applicable margin of 1.125% per annum in the case of SOFR borrowing and 0.125% per annum in the case of base rate borrowings. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to pay a commitment fee at a rate of 0.10% per annum on the daily unused amount of the commitments under the facility. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including a requirement for the Company to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio, and events of default.

At this time, the Company has not borrowed any funds under the Credit Agreement.

The Agent, the Lenders, and their respective affiliates may have various relationships with the Company and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business involving the provision of financial services, including cash management, commercial banking, investment banking or other services.

The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 10.01 and incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 2.03 CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(d) Exhibits

10.01 

Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and amongIntuit Inc., the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 31, 2025 INTUIT INC.

By: 

/s/ Sandeep S. Aujla

Sandeep S. Aujla

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.01
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1001-intuitxshorttermfac.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.01
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.01

CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of January 30, 2025,

among

INTUIT INC.,

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO 

and

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

and

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 

as Syndication Agent

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I

Definitions

Section 1.01. Defined Terms 1

Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 24

Section 1.03. Terms Generally 24

Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 24

Section 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 25

Section 1.06. Divisions 25

ARTICLE II

The Credits

Section 2.01. Loans 26

Section 2.02. Borrowings 26

Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 26

Section 2.04. Funding of Borrowings 27

Section 2.05. Interest Elections 28

Section 2.06. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 29

Section 2.07. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 29

Section 2.08. Prepayment of Loans 30

Section 2.09. Fees 30

Section 2.10. Interest 31

Section 2.11. Alternate Rate of Interest 31

Section 2.12. Increased Costs 34

Section 2.13. Break Funding Payments 35

Section 2.14. Taxes 36

Section 2.15. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 39

Section 2.16. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 41

Section 2.17. Defaulting Lenders 42

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

Section 3.01. Organization; Good Standing 43

Section 3.02. Authorization; No Conflicts 43

Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals 43

Section 3.04. Enforceability 43

Section 3.05. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 43

Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 44

Section 3.07. Federal Reserve Regulations 44

i

Section 3.08. Investment Company Status 44

Section 3.09. Disclosure 44

Section 3.10. Sanctions 44

Section 3.11. Anti-Corruption Laws 44

Section 3.12. Affected Financial Institution 45

Section 3.13. ERISA 45

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

Section 4.01. Effective Date 45

Section 4.02. Each Borrowing 46

.

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

Section 5.01. Compliance with Laws 46

Section 5.02. Payment of Taxes and Claims 46

Section 5.03. Maintenance of Insurance 47

Section 5.04. Preservation of Corporate Existence 47

Section 5.05. Visitation Rights 47

Section 5.06. Keeping of Books 47

Section 5.07. Maintenance of Properties 47

Section 5.08. Reporting Requirements 48

Section 5.09. Use of Proceeds 49

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

Section 6.01. Liens 49

Section 6.02. Mergers and Other Fundamental Changes 51

Section 6.03. Subsidiary Debt 52

Section 6.04. Speculative Transactions 53

Section 6.05. Change in Nature of Business 53

Section 6.06. Maximum Leverage Ratio 53

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent

Section 8.01. Authorization and Action 55

ii

Section 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability 58

Section 8.03. Posting of Communications; Approved Borrower Portal 59

Section 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 60

Section 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 60

Section 8.06. Acknowledgement of Lenders 61

Section 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters 63

Section 8.08. Miscellaneous 64

ARTICLE IX

Miscellaneous

Section 9.01. Notices 64

Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 66

Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability 68

Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns 69

Section 9.05. Survival 73

Section 9.06. Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 73

Section 9.07. Severability 74

Section 9.08. Right of Setoff 75

Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 75

Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 75

Section 9.11. Headings 76

Section 9.12. Confidentiality 76

Section 9.13. Patriot Act 77

Section 9.14. Interest Rate Limitation 77

Section 9.15. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 77

Section 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 78

Section 9.17. Subsidiary Guarantors 78

iii

SCHEDULES:

Schedule 2.01 Commitments

Schedule 6.01 Existing Liens

Schedule 6.03 Existing Subsidiary Debt

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 

Exhibit B-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships)

Exhibit B-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships)

Exhibit B-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships)

Exhibit B-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships)

Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate 

iv

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 30, 2025, among INTUIT INC., a Delaware corporation, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

The parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

5DE Program means the early refund processing service offered by the Company and its Subsidiaries to their customers, as described in the materials furnished by the Company to the Arrangers prior to the Effective Date.

ABR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

Acquisition means any acquisition (in one transaction or a series of related transactions, and including pursuant to a merger or consolidation) of (a) Equity Interests in any Person if, after giving effect thereto, such Person will become a Subsidiary or (b) assets comprising all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a division or a business unit of) any Person.

Acquisition Indebtedness means any Debt of the Company or any Subsidiary that has been incurred for the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a Qualified Material Acquisition and any related transactions (including for the purpose of refinancing or replacing all or a portion of any related bridge facilities or any pre-existing Debt of the Persons or assets to be acquired); provided that either (a) the release of the proceeds thereof to the Company and the Subsidiaries is contingent upon the substantially simultaneous consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition (and, if the definitive agreement for such Qualified Material Acquisition is terminated prior to the consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition, or if such Qualified Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation evidencing or governing such Debt (subject to any extensions to such date agreed by the parties thereto), then, in each case, such proceeds are, and pursuant to the terms of such definitive documentation are required to be, promptly applied to satisfy and discharge all obligations of the Company and the Subsidiaries in respect of such Debt) or (b) such Debt contains a special mandatory redemption provision (or a similar provision) if such Qualified Material Acquisition is not consummated by the date specified in the definitive documentation evidencing or governing such Debt (and, if the definitive agreement for such Qualified Material Acquisition is terminated prior to the consummation of such Qualified Material Acquisition or such Qualified Material Acquisition is otherwise not consummated by the date so specified (subject to any extensions to such date agreed by the parties thereto), such Debt is, and pursuant to such special mandatory redemption (or similar) provision is required to be, redeemed or otherwise satisfied and discharged within 90 days of such termination or such specified date, as the case may be). 

Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so 

1

determined would be less than zero, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Adjusted Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined would be less than the zero, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or Affiliates) in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and its successors and assigns in such capacity as provided in Article VIII.

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Aggregate Commitment means, at any time, the sum of the Commitments of all the Lenders at such time.

Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amounts of the Loans outstanding at such time.

Agreement means this Credit Agreement.

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1.00% per annum and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00% per annum. For purposes of clause (c) above, the Adjusted Term SOFR on any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology); provided that if such rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.11 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement with respect to Term SOFR has been determined pursuant to Section 2.11(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Alternate Base Rate determined as set forth above would be less than 1.00% per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% per annum for purposes of this Agreement.

2

Ancillary Document has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b).

Anti-Corruption Laws means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in applicable jurisdictions.

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lenders Commitment at such time. If all Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments.

Applicable Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan or any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, 1.125% per annum and (b) with respect to any ABR Loan, 0.125% per annum.

Approved Borrower Portal means any electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system.

Approved Electronic Platform means IntraLinks, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system.

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person)) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Arrangers means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia, in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and a joint bookrunners for the credit facility established hereunder.

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any Person whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of all the Commitments.

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iv).

3

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, that such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

Benchmark means, initially, (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR and (b) with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, the Daily Simple SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.11(b).

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body and/or (ii) any evolving or then prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in US Dollars at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 

4

may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in US Dollars at such time in the United States.

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term SOFR Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) have been, determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the 

5

occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.11(b) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.11(b).

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

6

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

Borrowing means Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.

Borrowing Minimum means US$5,000,000.

Borrowing Multiple means US$1,000,000.

Borrowing Request means a request by the Company for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which Borrowing Request shall be in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Company.

Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or any other dealings of Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Change in Control means that any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the Company representing 35% or more of the aggregate voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company on a fully-diluted basis.

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Effective Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator).

7

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lenders Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments is US$4,500,000,000.

Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed by or to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to Section 8.03 and Section 9.01, including through the Approved Electronic Platform.

Company means Intuit Inc., a Delaware corporation.

Company Communications means, collectively, any Borrowing Request, any Interest Election Request, any Notice of Prepayment, any notice of termination or reduction of Commitments or any other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any of the Loan Parties pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal.

Company Materials has the meaning specified in Section 5.08.

Compliance Certificate means a Compliance Certificate in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated Total Assets means, at any time, the consolidated total assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP as of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which (or for the fiscal year ending with which) financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.08(a) or 5.08(b) (or, prior to the first delivery of any such financial statements, as of October 31, 2024).

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto.

Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Credit Party means the Administrative Agent and each Lender.

8

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day, SOFR Determination Date) that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (a) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (b) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Company. If by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website.

Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Daily Simple SOFR Loans.

Daily Simple SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR.

Debt of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business of such Person, (ii) deferred compensation payable to directors, officers or employees of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) earn-outs, hold-backs, purchase price adjustments and similar deferred payment of consideration in acquisitions (in each case, under this clause (iii), unless such obligation (A) has become fixed and determined and (B) has not been paid within 60 days after becoming due and payable)), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property) (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business of such Person), (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (f) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, letters of credit or similar extensions of credit, (g) all Securitization Attributable Indebtedness of such Person, (h) all Debt of others referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above or clause (i) below (collectively, Guaranteed Debt) guaranteed directly or indirectly in any manner by such Person, or in effect guaranteed directly or indirectly by such Person through an agreement (i) to pay or purchase such Guaranteed Debt or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Guaranteed Debt, (ii) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Guaranteed Debt or to assure the holder of such Guaranteed Debt against loss, (iii) to supply funds to or in any other manner invest in the debtor (including any agreement to pay for property or services irrespective of whether such property is received or such services are rendered) or (iv) otherwise to assure a creditor against loss, and (i) all Debt of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Debt (but limited, in the event such Debt 

9

has not been assumed by such Person and such Person is not otherwise liable therefor, to the lesser of (i) the amount of such Debt and (ii) the fair market value of such property securing such Debt).

Debt for Borrowed Money means, as at any date of determination, all items that, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as indebtedness on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP (but excluding indebtedness of any Finance Subsidiary incurred in any Structured Finance Transaction permitted under Section 6.03(j)); provided that for purposes of determining Debt for Borrowed Money, at any time after the definitive agreement for any Qualified Material Acquisition shall have been executed, any Acquisition Indebtedness with respect to such Qualified Material Acquisition shall, unless such Qualified Material Acquisition shall have been consummated, be disregarded.

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.

Defaulting Lender means, subject to the last paragraph of Section 2.17, any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans or (ii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Partys receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent), or (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to the last paragraph of Section 2.17) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Credit Party promptly following such determination.

Disclosed Litigation means the matters described in the Companys public filings made prior to the Effective Date with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act (other than any portions thereof under any risk factors section or other cautionary language).

EBITDA means, for any period, (a) net income (or net loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, plus (b) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such net income (or net loss) for such period, the sum of (i) interest expense, (ii) income tax expense, (iii) depreciation expense, (iv) amortization expense, (v) any non-cash extraordinary losses, (vi) any charges for impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets and (vii) share based non-cash compensation expense, and 

10

minus (c) without duplication and to the extent included in determining such net income (or net loss), the sum of (i) non-cash extraordinary gains and (ii) any interest income.

In the event that the Company or any Subsidiary shall have completed since the beginning of the relevant period an acquisition or disposition of any Person, division or business unit for which the Company is required to file pro forma financial statements with the SEC, EBITDA shall be determined for such period on a Pro Forma Basis as if such acquisition or disposition, and any related incurrence or repayment of Debt for Borrowed Money, had occurred at the beginning of such period.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective Date means January 30, 2025.

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person, other than, in each case, (i) a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person), (ii) a Defaulting Lender or any of its subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing or (iii) the Company, any Subsidiary or any other Affiliate of the Company.

Environmental Action means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement arising pursuant to or based upon any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or any third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.

Environmental Law means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of hazardous or toxic materials.

11

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law, directly or indirectly relating to (a) a violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing; provided that Debt that is convertible into Equity Interests shall not, prior to the date of conversion thereof, constitute Equity Interests.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the Companys controlled group, or under common control with the Company, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043(c) of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the conditions for the imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any Plan; (g) the adoption of an amendment to a Plan requiring the provision of security to such Plan pursuant to Section 307 of ERISA; or (h) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time.

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII.

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the 

12

jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender becomes a party hereto (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 2.16(b))) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.14, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.14(f) and (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Existing Revolving Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2024, among the Company, its borrowing subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fee Letters means (a) the Fee Letter dated January 30, 2025, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and the Company and (b) the Fee Letter dated January 30, 2025, between The Bank of Nova Scotia and the Company.

Finance Subsidiary means any special purpose Subsidiary directly or indirectly wholly-owned by an Originator formed to enter into any Structured Finance Transaction and which is organized in a manner (as determined by the Company in good faith) intended to reduce the likelihood that it would be substantively consolidated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including any Originator, but excluding Finance Subsidiaries) in the event the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including any Originator) becomes subject to a proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (or other insolvency law).

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Company.

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. 

13

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

GAAP means, subject to Section 1.04, generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including, without limitation, any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Hazardous Materials means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, per- or poly-fluorinated substances and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.

Hedge Agreements means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts, commodity options or future contracts and other similar interest rate, exchange rate or commodity hedging agreements.

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 9.03(b).

Information has the meaning specified in Section 9.12.

Interest Election Request means a request by the Company to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with 2.05, which Interest Election Request shall be in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Company.

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Loan, (i) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the borrowing of, or conversion to, such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (ii) the Maturity Date and (c) with respect to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part.

Interest Period means with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one month thereafter (subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment) as the Company may elect; provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month 

14

(or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(iv) shall be available for specification in any Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Lender Related Person means the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), any Arranger, any Lender and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons.

Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that shall have ceased to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 

Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Debt for Borrowed Money as of such date to (b) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company most recently ended on or prior to such date.

Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind.

Lien means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind, including, without limitation, the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor.

Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement and, except for purposes of Section 9.02, any promissory note delivered pursuant to Section 2.07(e).

Loan Parties means the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors (if any).

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, financial condition or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (c) the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

Material Debt means Debt (other than (x) the Loans and guarantees under the Loan Documents, (y) intercompany indebtedness between or among the Company and any Subsidiary or between or among Subsidiaries or (z) Debt of any Finance Subsidiary incurred in any Structured Finance Transaction permitted under Section 6.03(j)), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedge Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount of US$250,000,000 or more. For purposes of determining Material Debt, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedge Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedge Agreement were terminated at such time.

15

Maturity Date means the date that is 90 days after the Effective Date; provided that if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day.

MNPI means material information concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries or their respective securities that has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally, within the meaning of Regulation FD under the Exchange Act. For purposes of this definition, material information means information concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective securities, that could reasonably be expected to be material for purposes of the United States federal and state securities laws.

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.

Multiple Employer Plan means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than the Company and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.

Note means a promissory note of the Company payable to any Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under Section 2.07(e), evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting from the Loans made by such Lender.

Notice of Loan Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Company.

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the foregoing rates as so determined be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Company and its Subsidiaries 

16

to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any Indemnitee, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Originator means Intuit Financing, Inc., a direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, or any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company formed for the business purpose of originating loans, receivables or similar assets and financing, selling or securitizing the same or that otherwise originates loans, receivables or similar assets, or acquires financial assets or participations therein, in the ordinary course of its business.

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.16(b)).

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in US Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate.

Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the NYFRB Rate and (b) an overnight rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001.

Payment has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(c).

Payment Notice has the meaning specified in Section 8.06(c)(ii).

17

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).

Permitted Liens means (a) Liens for Taxes to the extent not required to be paid under Section 5.02; (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising in the ordinary course of business securing obligations that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith; (c) pledges or deposits (i) to secure obligations under workers compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure public or statutory obligations and (ii) in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above; (d) easements, rights of way and other encumbrances on title to real property that do not render title to the property encumbered thereby unmarketable or materially adversely affect the use of such property for its present purposes; (e) Liens to secure (i) the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature and (ii) letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued for the account of the Company or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations of the type set forth in clause (i) above; (f) landlords Liens under leases to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party; (g) Liens consisting of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted to others and not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and any interest or title of a lessor or licensor under any lease or license, as applicable; (h) (i) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to bankers Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution and (ii) other Liens on deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution arising in the ordinary course of business and not created for the purpose of providing collateral for any Debt; (i) customary Liens (i) relating to the establishment of custody, depository, brokerage and clearing accounts and services and other cash management relationships in the ordinary course of business of the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts (including, without limitation, Liens on deposit accounts subject to cash pooling arrangements in favor of the financial institutions providing such cash pooling arrangements) of the Company or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company and the Subsidiaries; (j) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under clause (f) of Article VII or securing appeal or other surety bonds related to such judgments; (k) restrictions on funds held for payroll customers pursuant to obligations to such customers; (l) Liens arising by virtue of Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings (or similar filings under applicable law) regarding operating leases; (m) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off; and (n) Liens granted by a Finance Subsidiary on assets collateralizing any Structured Finance Transaction (and any back-up security interest granted in such assets by the relevant Originator in connection with the sale and securitization thereof) or granted on Equity Interests in any Finance Subsidiary, to the extent such Equity Interests collateralize any Structured Finance Transaction; provided that (i) such Liens extend only to the assets subject to such Structured Finance Transaction and the Equity Interests of Finance Subsidiaries and (ii) such Structured Finance Transaction is permitted pursuant to Section 6.03(j).

Person means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.

18

Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) or in any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective.

Pro Forma Basis, when used in reference to any computations, means that such computations are to be made on a basis that gives effect to the applicable acquisition or disposition as if such acquisition or disposition had occurred on the date specified, in a manner consistent with the requirements of the SEC with respect to transaction accounting adjustment and autonomous entity adjustment for pro forma financial information set forth in Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Exchange Act.

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 5.08.

Qualified Material Acquisition means any Acquisition by the Company and its Subsidiaries in which the sum of (a) total cash consideration paid or payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries (including refinancing of any Debt of the acquired Person) and (b) the aggregate principal amount of existing Debt of the acquired Person (or the acquired business unit, division, product line or line of business) assumed by the Company and its Subsidiaries is US$750,000,000 or more.

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender or (c) any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Company hereunder.

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (a) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR, 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (b) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such setting or (c) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Register has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(b)(v).

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto.

Relevant Rate means (a) with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing, the Term SOFR and (b) with respect to any Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, the Daily Simple SOFR. 

19

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and the unused Aggregate Commitment at such time; provided that, at any time at which there are at least two Lenders that are not Affiliates of each other, Required Lenders must include at least two Lenders that are not Affiliates of each other.

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Loan Party, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of such Loan Party, and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of such Loan Party, and solely purposes of delivering Borrowing Requests, Interest Election Requests or Notices of Loan Prepayment pursuant to Article II by the Company, any other officer or employee of the Company so designated by any of the foregoing officers of the Company in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the Company designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the Company and the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents, any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amounts of such Lenders Loans outstanding at such time.

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject of any Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions related list of designated Persons maintained by the United States government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or the Government of Canada or (b) any Person 50% or more owned by, or controlled by, any such Person or Persons.

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced by the United States government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or the Government of Canada.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Securitization Attributable Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, the amount of obligations outstanding on such date under the legal documents entered into as part of any Structured Finance Transaction that corresponds to the outstanding net investment (including loans) of, or cash purchase price paid by, the unaffiliated third party purchasers or 

20

financial institutions participating in such transaction and, as such, would be characterized as principal if such transaction were structured as a secured lending transaction rather than as a purchase (or, to the extent structured as a secured lending transaction, is principal).

Single Employer Plan means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than the Company and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

Structured Finance Transaction means any securitization, warehouse financing, repurchase transaction, whole loan sale transaction or similar financing or monetization of loans or receivables originated by an Originator, or any secured or unsecured hedge or swap related thereto, however named or documented, that (a) is not guaranteed by the Company or any Subsidiary (other than Finance Subsidiaries or, with respect to customary guarantees of performance, an Originator), (b) does not create recourse or obligations to the Company or any Subsidiary (other than an Originator or any Finance Subsidiary), (c) is structured such that recourse and obligations to the relevant Originator in connection with such transactions shall be limited to the extent customary (as determined by the Company in good faith) for similar transactions in the applicable jurisdictions (including, to the extent applicable, in a manner consistent with the delivery of a true sale/absolute transfer opinion with respect to any transfer by such Originator to a Finance Subsidiary) and (d) none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Finance Subsidiary or, as permitted in clause (c) of this definition, an Originator, and other than Liens granted on the Equity Interests of a Finance Subsidiary constituting a Permitted Lien pursuant to clause (n) of the definition of such term) shall have provided, either directly or indirectly, any credit support of any kind in connection with such Structured Finance Transaction; provided that the Company shall be permitted to provide a guaranty of obligations of any Originator which are permitted pursuant to the above clauses of this definition.

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company.

21

Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement means the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, between the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Administrative Agent, providing for a guarantee by the Subsidiary Guarantors of the Obligations, which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, together with all supplements thereto.

Subsidiary Guarantor means, at any time, each Subsidiary (if any) party to the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement at such time, it being understood that at such time as such Subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, such Subsidiary shall cease to be a Subsidiary Guarantor. For clarity, it is acknowledged that there are no Subsidiary Guarantors as of the Effective Date. 

Syndication Agent means The Bank of Nova Scotia, in its capacity as the syndication agent for the credit facility established hereunder.

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR means, with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

Term SOFR Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of Term SOFR Loans.

Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR (other than solely as a result of clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate).

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum, as published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

Transactions means (a) the execution, delivery and performance by the Company and any other Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (b) the borrowing of Loans hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof.

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by 

22

reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR (other than solely as a result of clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate), the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR.

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

United States and U.S. mean the United States of America.

US Dollars or US$ refers to lawful money of the United States.

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14(f)(ii)(B)(3).

Voting Stock means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interest in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.

wholly-owned, when used in reference to a subsidiary of any Person, means that all the Equity Interests in such subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares and other nominal amounts of Equity Interests that are required to be held by other Persons under applicable law) are owned, beneficially and of record, by such Person, another wholly-owned subsidiary of such Person or any combination thereof.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to 

23

suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a Term SOFR Loan or an ABR Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a Term SOFR Borrowing or an ABR Borrowing).

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation and the specific inclusion of such phrase in certain clauses shall not imply that such phrase is not included in others. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including this Agreement or any other Loan Document) herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), and all references to any statute shall be construed as referring to all rules, regulations, rulings and official interpretations promulgated or issued thereunder, (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof and (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement. Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale or disposition, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required 

24

Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed (other than for purposes of Sections 3.05(a), 5.08(a) and 5.08(b)), and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made without giving effect to (a) any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Debt or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein, (b) any treatment of Debt in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Debt in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Debt shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, (c) any valuation of Debt below its full stated principal amount as a result of application of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03, it being agreed that Debt shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof, and (d) any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP as a result of the adoption of any of the provisions set forth in the Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), or any other amendments to the Accounting Standards Codifications issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases or similar agreements that would not be classified as capital leases under GAAP as in effect prior to January 1, 2019.

SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on any Loan may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.11(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no Liability to the Company, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 1.06. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person 

25

becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01. Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Loans denominated in US Dollars to the Company from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.08) in (a) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment or (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender exceeding its Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans.

SECTION 2.02. Borrowings.

(a) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required.

(b) Subject to Section 2.11, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans, in each case, as the Company may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.11, 2.12, 2.13 and 2.14 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term SOFR Borrowing, and at the time that each ABR Borrowing or Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum; provided that (i) any Term SOFR Borrowing that results from a continuation of an outstanding Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding Borrowing and (ii) an ABR Borrowing or a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Commitments. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 10 (or such greater number as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) Term SOFR Borrowings.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Term SOFR Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Borrowing Request executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company (a) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) in the case of a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 

26

p.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (c) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that if such Borrowing Request is delivered through an Approved Borrower Portal, then the forgoing signature requirements may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Each Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: (i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing, (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day, (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, (iv) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period, and (v) the location and number of the Companys account to which funds are to be disbursed. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term SOFR Borrowing, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.

SECTION 2.04. Funding of Borrowings.

(a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds in the applicable currency by 10:00 a.m., New York City time (or, in the case of ABR Loans, if later, the time that is two hours after the delivery to the Administrative Agent of the applicable Borrowing Request), to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Company by promptly remitting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the account designated in the applicable Borrowing Request.

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with clause (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Company a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Company severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Company to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made such Lender, the Overnight Rate or (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Company, the interest rate applicable to the subject Loan pursuant to Section 2.10. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. If the Company and the applicable Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Company the amount of such interest paid by the Company for such period. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. Any such payment by the Company shall be without prejudice to any claim the Company may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

27

SECTION 2.05. Interest Elections.

(a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Company may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, may continue such Borrowing and may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.05. The Company may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.05, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a completed Interest Election Request executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Company were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election; provided that if such Interest Election Request is delivered through an Approved Borrower Portal, then the forgoing signature requirements may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section 2.05 shall not be construed to permit the Company to elect an Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d).

(c) Each Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing or a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing; and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration.

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e) If the Company fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein and subject to Section 2.11, at the end of such Interest Period, such Borrowing shall automatically convert to a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company (provided that no such notice shall be required in the case of an Event of Default under clause (e) of Article VII with respect to the Company), then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term SOFR 

28

Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.

SECTION 2.06. Termination and Reduction of Commitments.

(a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date.

(b) The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of US$1,000,000 and not less than US$5,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.08, (A) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender would exceed its Commitment or (B) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment.

(c) The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under clause (b) of this Section at least one Business Day prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of a specified transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage.

SECTION 2.07. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.

(a) The Company hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by such Lender on the Maturity Date.

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Company to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.

(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain 

29

such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).

SECTION 2.08. Prepayment of Loans.

(a) The Company shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.08(b). 

(b) The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.08 by delivery of a completed Notice of Loan Prepayment executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of a prepayment of a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment; provided that if such Notice of Prepayment is delivered through an Approved Borrower Portal, then the forgoing signature requirements may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that a notice of optional prepayment may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of a specified transaction, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified prepayment date) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.10 and shall be subject to Section 2.13.

SECTION 2.09. Fees.

(a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at 0.10% per annum on the daily unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates. Commitment fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the 15th day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date, and accrued commitment fees shall also be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).

30

(b) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times specified in the applicable Fee Letter. 

(c) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in US Dollars and immediately available funds, to the applicable party (or, in the case of commitment fees, to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders). Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

SECTION 2.10. Interest.

(a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.

(b) The Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.

(c) The Loans comprising each Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate.

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Company hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 2.10 or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% per annum plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in clause (a) of this Section.

(e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to clause (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.

(f) Interest computed by reference to the Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate (except when based on the Prime Rate) hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.11. Alternate Rate of Interest.

(a) Subject to Section 2.11(b), if:

31

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period (including because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in the applicable Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice (which may be by telephone) thereof to the Company and the Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term SOFR Borrowing for such Interest Period and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term SOFR Borrowing for such Interest Period shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.11(a)(i) or Section 2.11(a)(ii) or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of Section 2.11(a)(i) or Section 2.11(a)(ii) and (B) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term SOFR Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.11(a) with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to such Term SOFR Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Company delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) any Term SOFR Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, convert to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Loan so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.11(a)(i) or Section 2.11(a)(ii) or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is also the subject of Section 2.11(a)(i) or Section 2.11(a)(ii) on such day, and (B) any Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall on and from such day convert to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan. 

(b) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under 

32

any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iii) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (D) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (iv) below and (E) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.11(b), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.11(b).

(iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(v) Upon the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Daily Simple SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term SOFR 

33

Borrowing into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to (A) a Daily Simple SOFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event. Furthermore, if any Term SOFR Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Relevant Rate applicable to such Term SOFR Loan or Daily Simple SOFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.11(b), (1) any Term SOFR Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, convert to, and shall constitute, (x) a Daily Simple SOFR Loan so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any Daily Simple SOFR Loan shall on and from such day convert to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Alternate Base Rate. 

SECTION 2.12. Increased Costs.

(a) If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender;

(ii) impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender; or

(iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or other Recipient of making, converting, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then, from time to time upon request of such Lender or other Recipient, the Company will pay to such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs or expenses incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) If any Lender determines in good faith that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has had or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of or Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then, from time to time upon request of 

34

such Lender, the Company will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof; provided that a Lender shall not be entitled to any compensation pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this Section to the extent such Lender is not generally imposing such changes or requesting such compensation from other similarly situated borrowers under similar circumstances.

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Recipient to demand compensation pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Recipients right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this Section for any increased costs or expenses or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or expenses or reductions, and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor; provided, further, that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or expenses or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.13. Break Funding Payments. In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.08), (b) any conversion or continuation of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Term SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to 2.16, then, in any such event, the Company shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense (but not for the loss of any anticipated profits) attributable to such event. Such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted Term SOFR that would have been applicable to such Loan (and without taking into account the Applicable Rate) for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the Adjusted Term SOFR that would have been applicable to such Loan (and without taking into account the Applicable Rate), for an Interest Period commencing on the date of such event and ending at or as nearly as possible to the last day of the then current Interest Period for such Loan (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the last day of the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan). A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent 

35

manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

SECTION 2.14. Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall determine in its good-faith judgment that it is required to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent may make such withholdings or deductions, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority to the extent required by applicable law, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including withholdings or deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.14) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of clause (a) above, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, Other Taxes.

(c) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.14, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.14) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Loan Parties have not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest 

36

error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (e).

(f) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.14(f)(ii)(A), 2.14(f)(ii)(B) and 2.14(f)(ii)(D)) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax;

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable;

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

37

(2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 or Exhibit B-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Effective Date.

38

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall provide the Company with two properly completed and duly executed copies IRS Form W-9 certifying that the Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding. 

(iv) Each Lender and the Administrative Agent agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.14 or with respect to which additional amounts have been paid pursuant to this Section 2.14, it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, under this Section 2.14 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such indemnified party, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the indemnifying party, upon the request of the indemnified party, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the indemnifying party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the indemnified party in the event the indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the applicable indemnified party be required to pay any amount to the indemnifying party pursuant to this clause (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This clause (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.14 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

SECTION 2.15. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 

(a) The Company shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder or under any other Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or of amounts payable under Section 2.12, 2.13 or 2.14, or otherwise) prior to 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or set-off. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent to such account as the Administrative Agent shall from time to time specify in one or more notices delivered to the Company, except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. All payments hereunder and under each other Loan Document shall be made in US Dollars. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly 

39

following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 

(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of any fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such, (ii) second, towards payment of interest and other fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and such fees then due to such parties, and (iii) third, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties.

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (for the avoidance of doubt, in each case, as it may be amended from time to time) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any Person that is an Eligible Assignee. The Company consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Company rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation.

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Company prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lenders hereunder that the Company will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Company has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the applicable Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Company has not in fact made such payment, then each of the applicable Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to such Lender but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate.

(e) To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Company is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any debtor 

40

relief law or otherwise, then (i) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (ii) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 2.16. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a) If any Lender requests compensation under 2.12, or the Company is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.14, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12, (ii) the Company is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to 2.14, (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or (iv) any Lender has failed to consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, discharge or termination that under Section 9.02 requires the consent of all the Lenders (or all the affected Lenders) and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have granted their consent, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payment pursuant to Section 2.12 or 2.14) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (A) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (B) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts), (C) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.12 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.14, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, and (D) in the case of any such assignment and delegation resulting from the failure to provide a consent, the assignee shall have given such consent and, as a result of such assignment and delegation and any contemporaneous assignments and delegations and consents, the applicable amendment, waiver, discharge or termination can be effected. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment and delegation required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment and delegation need not be a party thereto.

41

SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law:

(a) the Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders or any other requisite Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby shall, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof;

(b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment on any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Borrowing in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; fifth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and sixth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise as may be required under the Loan Documents in connection with any Lien conferred thereunder or directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (i) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (ii) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; and

(c) the commitment fee shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.09(a).

In the event that the Administrative Agent and the Company agree that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for the Lenders to hold Loans in accordance with their respective Commitments, and such Lender shall thereupon cease to be a Defaulting Lender. Notwithstanding the fact that any Defaulting Lender has adequately 

42

remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, (i) no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender, (ii) all amendments, waivers or modifications effected without its consent in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.02 and this Section 2.17 during such period shall be binding on it and (iii) except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

The Company represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Good Standing. Each Loan Party is duly organized, validly existing and, to the extent such concept is applicable in such jurisdiction, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and by each Loan Party of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (a) are within such Loan Partys organizational powers, (b) have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action on the part of such Loan Party, (c) do not contravene (i) such Loan Partys charter, by-laws or other organizational documents or (ii) any law or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting such Loan Party, other than violations of law or contractual restrictions that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) do not result in the imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than Liens created hereunder.

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals. No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement or by each Loan Party of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party.

SECTION 3.04. Enforceability. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party will have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, and each of the other Loan Documents, when delivered by any Loan Party, will be the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, in each case, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with their respective terms, subject to (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and (b) general principles of equity, regardless of whether applied in proceedings in equity or at law.

SECTION 3.05. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change.

(a) The consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at July 31, 2024 and October 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period then ended, copies of which have been made available to each Lender, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial 

43

position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the consolidated results of the operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP, subject to, in the case of the quarterly financial statements, normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

(b) Since July 31, 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the business, financial condition or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding, including, without limitation, any Environmental Action, affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator that (a) would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Litigation), and there has been no adverse change in the status, or financial effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, of the Disclosed Litigation from that described in the Companys filings made prior to the Effective Date with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) would reasonably be expected to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

SECTION 3.07. Federal Reserve Regulations. None of the Loan Parties is engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Federal Reserve Board). 

SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status. None of the Loan Parties is an investment company, or a company controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

SECTION 3.09. Disclosure. None of the written information or reports furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation and syndication of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when taken as a whole, as and when furnished, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading in any material respect in light of the circumstances in which made; provided that with respect to any projected financial information, the Company represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time made.

SECTION 3.10. Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer or employee thereof, is a Sanctioned Person or is located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country in violation of any Sanctions. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all laws and regulations pursuant to which any applicable Sanctions are administered. The Company and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with all laws and regulations pursuant to which Sanctions have been administered.

SECTION 3.11. Anti-Corruption Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with Anti-Corruption Laws. The Company and its 

44

Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Company and its Subsidiaries with Anti-Corruption Laws.

SECTION 3.12. Affected Financial Institution. None of the Loan Parties is an Affected Financial Institution.

SECTION 3.13. ERISA. As of the Effective Date, the Company is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments.

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date. This Agreement, and the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder, shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page).

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, counsel for the Company, and covering such matters relating to the Company, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Company hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinion.

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as are customary for transactions of this type relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Company, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Company, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, confirming satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(a) and 4.02(b).

(e) Each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information that it has reasonably requested in writing at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date and that it has reasonably determined is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Patriot Act.

(f) The Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder.

45

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to it or to the Administrative Agent unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Effective Date specifying its objection thereto.

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.

SECTION 4.02. Each Borrowing. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing is subject to receipt of the request therefor in accordance herewith and to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement (other than, after the Effective Date, those set forth in Sections 3.05(b) and 3.06) and the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct (i) in the case of the representations and warranties qualified as to materiality, in all respects and (ii) otherwise, in all material respects, in each case on and as of the date of such Borrowing, except in the case of any such representation and warranty that expressly relates to a prior date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct (if applicable as set forth above, in all material respects) on and as of such prior date.

(b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Each Borrowing (other than a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans) shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Company on the date thereof that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and 4.02(b) have been satisfied.

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

Until all the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION 5.01. Compliance with Laws. The Company will comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with ERISA, Environmental Laws and the Patriot Act, except in such instances in which the failure to comply therewith would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.02. Payment of Taxes and Claims. The Company will pay and discharge, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, before the same shall become delinquent, (a) all Taxes imposed upon it or upon its property and (b) all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might by law become a Lien upon its property; provided that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such Tax or claim (i) that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves under 

46

generally applicable accounting principles are being maintained, unless and until any Lien resulting therefrom attaches to its property and becomes enforceable against its other creditors or (ii) where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.03. Maintenance of Insurance. Except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company will maintain, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as is usually carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in the same general areas in which the Company or such Subsidiary operates; provided that the Company and its Subsidiaries may self-insure to the extent consistent with prudent business practice.

SECTION 5.04. Preservation of Corporate Existence. The Company will preserve and maintain, and will cause each of the other Loan Parties to preserve and maintain, its corporate existence, rights (charter and statutory) and franchises; provided that (a) the Loan Parties may consummate any merger or consolidation permitted under Section 6.02 and (b) no Loan Party shall be required to preserve any right or franchise, or the corporate existence of any Subsidiary, in each case, where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.05. Visitation Rights. The Company will permit the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders or any agents or representatives thereof, upon reasonable prior notice, at any reasonable time and from time to time, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the properties of, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries with any of their officers and with their independent certified public accountants (in the presence of officers of the Company); provided that (a) at any time when no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, such examinations and visitations (and related discussions) shall not occur more than once per year, and shall be limited to the Administrative Agent (or any agent or representative thereof) and (b) the foregoing shall be subject to reasonable requirements of confidentiality, including requirements imposed by law or by contract (other than contractual confidentiality provisions by and among the Company and its Affiliates and such accountants).

SECTION 5.06. Keeping of Books. The Company will keep, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, in all material respects, proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in accordance with, and to the extent required by, GAAP in effect from time to time (or local accounting requirements).

SECTION 5.07. Maintenance of Properties. The Company will maintain and preserve, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

47

SECTION 5.08. Reporting Requirements. The Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent:

(a) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company, the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the consolidated statements of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter or the portion of such fiscal year then ended, certified by a Financial Officer of the Company as presenting fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at such date and the consolidated results of the operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, all in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(b) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each case accompanied by an opinion by Ernst & Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing, that does not include any going concern or similar qualification, or any qualification as to the scope of their audit;

(c) within five Business Days after each delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the Company, (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations necessary to demonstrate compliance with Section 6.06 and (iii) if any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company most recently theretofore delivered under clause (a) or (b) above (or, prior to the first such delivery, referred to in Section 3.05(a)) that has had a significant effect on the calculation of the Leverage Ratio, specifying the nature of such change and the effect thereof on such calculation;

(d) promptly after any officer of the Company acquires knowledge of the occurrence of any Default, a statement of a Financial Officer of the Company setting forth details of such Default and the action that the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

(e) promptly following any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, all such documentation and information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and

(f) promptly following such request, such other information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request.

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) of this may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are publicly filed with the SEC. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such 

48

request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

The Company hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Company under the Loan Documents (collectively, Company Materials) by posting the Company Materials on an Approved Electronic Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive MNPI, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to securities of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Company Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (i) all such Company Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (ii) by marking Company Materials PUBLIC, the Company shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Company Materials as not containing any MNPI (provided that to the extent such Company Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.12), (iii) all Company Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform designated Public Side Information, and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Company Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Approved Electronic Platform not designated Public Side Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall be under no obligation to mark any Company Materials as PUBLIC.

SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used solely to fund obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries arising under the 5DE Program, including (a) to replace cash on hand of the Company and its Subsidiaries used for that purpose or (b) to refinance Debt of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the proceeds of which were used for that purpose. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, including Regulations U and X. The Company will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, indirectly, use the proceeds of (i) any Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Sanctioned Person, or (except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions) in any Sanctioned Country, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as a Lender, an Arranger, the Administrative Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions or (ii) of any Loan for any purpose which would violate any Anti-Corruption Law.

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

Until all the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION 6.01. Liens. The Company will not create or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Lien on or with respect to any of its 

49

properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign, any right to receive income, other than:

(a) Liens created under the Loan Documents;

(b) Permitted Liens;

(c) the Liens existing on the Effective Date and, in the case of Liens securing any Debt having (individually or in the aggregate) a principal amount greater than US$100,000,000, described on Schedule 6.01, and any extensions, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that (i) such Liens do not extend to or cover any other property of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than any proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon) and (ii) such Liens secure only those obligations that they secure on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement);

(d) purchase money Liens (including Liens in respect of capital leases) upon or in any fixed or capital assets acquired or held by the Company or any Subsidiary to secure the purchase price of such fixed or capital assets or to secure Debt (and obligations relating thereto not constituting Debt) incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets and related expenses, and any extensions, renewals or replacements thereof; provided that (i) such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Company or any Subsidiary other than the fixed or capital assets being acquired, constructed or improved (and any proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon), provided that individual financings in favor of any Person (or its Affiliates) may be cross-collateralized to other such financings provided by such Person (or its Affiliates), and (ii) such Liens secure only those obligations that they secure on the date of such acquisition, construction or improvement and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement);

(e) Liens on any property acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary after the Effective Date existing at the time of the acquisition thereof or Liens on any property of any Person (not previously a Subsidiary) existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or becomes a Subsidiary of the Company, and any extensions, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that (i) such Liens were not created in contemplation of such acquisition, merger or consolidation or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Liens do not extend to or cover any property of the Company or any Subsidiary other than the property so acquired or the property of the Person so merged into or consolidated with the Company or such Subsidiary or that becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and any proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon, and (iii) such Liens secure only those obligations that they secure on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof (except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, renewal, refinancing or replacement);

50

(f) Liens on cash collateral (excluding cash representing collections on or proceeds of loans or receivables comprising collateral for any Structured Finance Transaction) or government securities to secure obligations under Hedge Agreements and letters of credit; provided that the value of any collateral so pledged does not exceed US$100,000,000 in the aggregate at any time;

(g) assignments of the right to receive income effected as a part of the sale of a business unit or for collection purposes;

(h) in connection with the sale or transfer of any Equity Interests or other assets, customary rights and restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or transfer pending the completion thereof;

(i) in the case of (i) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary or (ii) the Equity Interests in any Person that is not a Subsidiary, any encumbrance or restriction, including any put and call arrangements, related to Equity Interests in such Subsidiary or such other Person set forth in the organizational documents of such Subsidiary or such other Person or any related joint venture, shareholders or similar agreement;

(j) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits, escrow arrangements or similar arrangements made by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement for any acquisition or other transaction permitted hereunder;

(k) (i) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure obligations to insurance carriers providing casualty, liability or other insurance to the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(l) Liens on cash and cash equivalents deposited with a trustee or a similar Person to defease or to satisfy and discharge any Debt; 

(m) Liens on any asset of a Subsidiary securing Debt of such Subsidiary owed to the Company or to another Subsidiary; and

(n) Liens not otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses of this Section; provided that the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Debt permitted by Section 6.03(l) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Debt secured by Liens permitted by this clause (n) shall not at any time exceed the greater of (x) US$2,800,000,000 and (y) 10% of Consolidated Total Assets at such time.

SECTION 6.02. Mergers and Other Fundamental Changes. The Company will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person, and the Company will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any other Person (other than the Company or one or more Subsidiaries), except that (a) any Person (including any Loan Party) may merge or consolidate with or into the Company in a transaction in which the Company is the surviving corporation and (b) any Person (other than the Company) may merge or consolidate with or into any Subsidiary Guarantor, provided that if the surviving Person is a Subsidiary, then, unless the guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor is, in accordance with Section 9.17, released substantially concurrently with the consummation of such 

51

transaction, such Subsidiary shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor or substantially concurrently with the consummation of such transaction shall become a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with Section 9.17; provided that, in each case, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such proposed transaction or would result therefrom.

SECTION 6.03. Subsidiary Debt. The Company will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist any Debt, other than:

(a) in the case of Subsidiaries that are Borrowing Subsidiaries under, and as defined in, the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement, Debt of the Subsidiaries created under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement;

(b) Debt owed to the Company or to any Subsidiary; provided that such Debt shall not have been transferred to any Person other than the Company or a Subsidiary;

(c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Debt of any other Subsidiary permitted under this Section 6.03 (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Section 6.03(j)); provided that no Subsidiary shall guarantee Debt that it would not have been permitted to incur under this Section 6.03 if it were a primary obligor thereon;

(d) Debt existing on the Effective Date and, in the case of Debt having (individually or in the aggregate) a principal amount greater than US$100,000,000, described on Schedule 6.03 (the Existing Debt), and any Debt extending the maturity of, or refunding or refinancing, in whole or in part, the Existing Debt; provided that the principal amount of such Existing Debt shall not be increased above the principal amount thereof outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refunding or refinancing (except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, refunding or refinancing), and the direct and contingent obligors therefor shall not be changed, in each case, as a result of or in connection with such extension, refunding or refinancing;

(e) Debt of any Person that is assumed by any Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by such Subsidiary after the Effective Date and Debt of any Person (not previously a Subsidiary) existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with any Subsidiary or becomes a Subsidiary (collectively, the Assumed Debt), and any Debt extending the maturity of, or refunding or refinancing, in whole or in part, the Assumed Debt; provided that (i) such Assumed Debt was not created in contemplation of such acquisition, merger or consolidation or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (ii) the principal amount of such Assumed Debt shall not be increased above the principal amount thereof outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refunding or refinancing (except by an amount equal to the unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such extension, refunding or refinancing), and the direct and contingent obligors therefor shall not be changed, in each case, as a result of or in connection with such extension, refunding or refinancing;

(f) Debt of the type permitted to be secured by Liens pursuant to Section 6.01(d);

(g) endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business;

52

(h) Debt owed in respect of any overdraft facilities, employee credit card programs, netting services, automated clearinghouse arrangements and other treasury, depository, cash management services or other similar arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business;

(i) Debt in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and similar instruments issued for the account of any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business supporting obligations under (i) workers compensation laws or similar legislation or public or statutory obligations and (ii) bids, trade contracts, leases (other than capitalized leases), surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and obligations of a like nature;

(j) Debt of any Finance Subsidiary or an Originator (solely with respect to recourse permitted under clause (c) of the definition of Structured Finance Transaction), in each case, incurred in any Structured Finance Transaction; provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Debt shall not exceed US$1,500,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(k) Debt of any Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Guarantor; and

(l) other Debt; provided that the sum, without duplication, of (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Debt permitted by this clause (l) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Debt secured by Liens permitted under Section 6.01(n) shall not at any time exceed the greater of (x) US$2,800,000,000 and (y) 10% of Consolidated Total Assets at such time.

SECTION 6.04. Speculative Transactions. The Company will not engage, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage, in any transaction involving Hedge Agreements, except for non-speculative purposes.

SECTION 6.05. Change in Nature of Business. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any extent material to the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries on the Effective Date and businesses reasonably related, similar, complementary or ancillary thereto or a reasonable extension thereof.

SECTION 6.06. Maximum Leverage Ratio. The Company will not permit, as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company for which the financial statements have been, or are required to be, delivered pursuant to Section 5.08(a) and 5.08(b), the Leverage Ratio to be greater than 4.00 to 1.00; provided that if, at any time after the Effective Date, the Company or any Subsidiary consummates a Qualified Material Acquisition, the Company may, by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent, elect to increase the maximum permitted Leverage Ratio by 0.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter in which such Qualified Material Acquisition is consummated and for each of the following three consecutive fiscal quarters; provided, further, that only one such increase will be permitted during the term of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) shall occur:

(a) the Company shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same becomes due and payable; or the Company shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or make 

53

any other payment of fees or other amounts payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document within three Business Days after the same becomes due and payable;

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by any Loan Party in, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any representation, warranty or certification made by any officer of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;

(c) any Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe (i) any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 5.04 (solely as to the corporate existence of the Company or any other Loan Party), 5.08(d), 5.09 or Article VI, or (ii) any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than those referred to in clause (a) or (c)(i) above) on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lender;

(d) (i) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Material Debt, when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Debt, (ii) any event shall occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any Material Debt, and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to accelerate the maturity of such Material Debt or (iii) any Material Debt shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof; provided that this clause (iii) and clause (ii) above shall not apply to (A) any secured Debt that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the assets securing such Debt, (B) any Debt that becomes due as a result of a voluntary prepayment, redemption or repurchase thereof or, in the case of a Hedging Agreement, any voluntary termination thereof, (C) any mandatory redemption, prepayment or repurchase that is triggered by receipt of proceeds of a debt incurrence, equity issuance, asset sale, casualty or other proceeds-generating event and is only to the extent of proceeds received, (D) any Debt of any Person assumed in connection with an Acquisition to the extent that such Debt is repaid, repurchased or redeemed (or offered to be repaid, redeemed or repurchased) as required by the terms thereof in connection with the acquisition of such Person, (E) any prepayment, redemption, repurchase or defeasance of any Acquisition Indebtedness if the related Acquisition is not consummated and (F) any termination events or equivalent events pursuant to the terms of any Hedge Agreement that are not the result of any default thereunder by the Company or any Subsidiary (it being understood that this clause (F) will apply to any failure to make any payment required as a result of such termination or equivalent event);

(e) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall 

54

remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this clause (e);

(f) judgments or orders for the payment of money in excess of US$250,000,000 in the aggregate (other than any such judgment covered by insurance (other than under a self insurance program) to the extent a claim therefor has been made in writing and liability therefor has not been denied by the insurer and such insurer is financially sound) shall be rendered against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect;

(g) a Change in Control shall occur; or

(h) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall incur, or shall be reasonably likely to incur, liability that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect as a result of one or more of the following: (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the insolvency or termination of a Multiemployer Plan; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Company accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in case of any event with respect to the Company described in clause (e) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate, the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity.

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action. (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents, and 

55

each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents.

(b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents) prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the Administrative Agent are commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising 

56

under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); and each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; and

(ii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account.

(d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article VIII shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.

(e) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Loan Party) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.09, 2.10, 2.12, 2.14 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

(ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.

57

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability. (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment).

(b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company or a Lender. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, value, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by e-mailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss, cost or expense suffered by any Loan Party or any Lender as a result of (A) any determination that any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or the effective date of such status (it being further understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation to determine whether any Lender is a Defaulting Lender), (B) any determination of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure or the component amounts thereof and (C) any determination of the form and substance of the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement or any supplement thereto. 

(c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Company), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the effectiveness of this Agreement or the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender sufficiently in advance of the occurrence of the Effective Date or the making of such Loan and (v) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, request, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be an email, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set 

58

forth in the Loan Documents for being the signatory, sender or maker thereof) and may act upon such statement made to it orally or by telephone prior to receipt of a written confirmation thereof.

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications; Approved Borrower Portal. (a) The Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders by posting such Communications on an Approved Electronic Platform. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree that the Company may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Company Communications to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal.

(b) Although each of the Approved Electronic Platform and the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders and the Company acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform or of any Loan Party that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders and the Company hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and of the Company Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

(c) EACH OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM, THE COMMUNICATIONS AND THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE COMPANY COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM, THE COMMUNICATIONS, THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL OR THE COMPANY COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM, THE COMMUNICATIONS, THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL OR THE COMPANY COMMUNICATIONS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, THE SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE COMPANYS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM OR ANY LOAN PARTYS TRANSMISSION OF COMPANY COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL.

59

(d) Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be by email) from time to time of such Lenders email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.

(e) Each of the Lenders and the Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform and the Company Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance with the Administrative Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Loan Party to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.

SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually. With respect to its Commitments and Loans, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender. The terms Lenders, Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders and the Company, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank, provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Company (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned and shall not be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of an appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of an appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may 

60

be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents.

(b) Notwithstanding anything in the contrary in Section 8.05(a), in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders and the Company, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders shall directly be given or made to each Lender. 

(c) Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agents resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03, as well as any other exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as the Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation for as long as any of them continue to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent.

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgement of Lenders. (a) Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities law), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Syndication Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Syndication Agent or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain MNPI) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

61

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date.

(c) (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the Overnight Rate, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the Overnight Rate.

(iii) Each of the Company and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Company or any other Loan Party.

62

(iv) Each partys obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.

SECTION 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Loan Parties, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement,

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Loan Parties, that none of the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this 

63

Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).

(c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.

SECTION 8.08. Miscellaneous. 

(a) The provisions of this Article VIII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and, except solely to the extent of the Companys rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 8.05, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions.

(b) None of the Arrangers or the Syndication Agent shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such Persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities and exculpatory provisions provided for hereunder and under the other Loan Documents.

ARTICLE IX

Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01. Notices.

(a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to clause (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email, as follows:

(i) if to the Company, to it at Intuit Inc., 2700 Coast Avenue, Mountain View, California 94043, Attention of Treasurer (Emails: Antoine_Hamelin@intuit.com and Treasury_@intuit.com) with a copy to Attention of Corporate Legal (Email: corporatelegal@intuit.com);

(ii) if to the Administrative Agent from the Company, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at the address separately provided by the Administrative Agent to the Company;

64

(iii) if to the Administrative Agent from any Lender, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04

Chicago, IL 60603-5506

Attention: Loan and Agency Servicing

Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com

Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries:

Email: agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com

Agency Compliance/Financials/Virtual Data rooms:

Email: covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com; and

(iv) if to any Lender, to it at its address (or email) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received. Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in clause (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such clause (b).

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished, in addition to email, by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II to any Lender if such Lender has advised the Administrative Agent that it is not capable of receiving such notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion and in addition to email, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by other electronic communications (including Approved Borrower Portal) pursuant to procedures approved by the recipient thereof prior thereto; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Approved Electronic Platform shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.

(c) Any party hereto may change its address or email for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto (or, in the case of any change by a Lender, by notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent). In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent have on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number and electronic mail address to 

65

which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Approved Electronic Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States Federal and state securities laws, to make reference to Company Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Approved Electronic Platform and that may contain MNPI.

(d) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices, Borrowing Requests and Interest Election Requests) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all Liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments.

(a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by clause (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any of their respective Affiliates, may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against any Loan Party shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article VII for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as the Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with the provisions hereof, or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any debtor relief law; provided, further, that, if at any time there is no Person acting as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article VII 

66

and (ii) subject to the provisions hereof, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders.

(b) Except as provided in Section 9.02(c), none of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Company and the Required Lenders or by the Company and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders and, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall:

(i) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender, or change the currency in which Loans are available thereunder, without the written consent of such Lender;

(ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such scheduled or required payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;

(iv) change Section 2.15(b) or 2.15(c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender;

(v) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.02(b) or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; or

(vi) subordinate the Obligations to any other Debt of any Loan Party without the written consent of each Lender. 

provided, further, that (A) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent in respect of any Loan Document (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (B) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 9.02(b):

67

(i) if the Administrative Agent and the Company acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Company shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement;

(ii) this Agreement may be amended in a manner provided in Section 2.11(b); and

(iii) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended in the manner provided in Section 9.17.

(d) The Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, with the concurrence of any Lender, execute amendments, waivers or other modifications on behalf of such Lender. Any amendment, waiver or other modification effected in accordance with this Section 9.02 shall be binding upon each Person that is at the time thereof a Lender and each Person that subsequently becomes a Lender.

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Limitation of Liability.

(a) The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section 9.03, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans.

(b) The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Arranger, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED 

68

BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (i) the gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties or (ii) the material breach by such Indemnitee of its express obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to a claim initiated by the Company. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c) To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party thereof under clause (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Companys failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or by or against any Related Party acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall not assert, or permit any of its Affiliates or Related Parties to assert, and hereby waives, (i) any claim against any claim against any Lender Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet, the Approved Electronic Platform or the Approved Borrower Platform), or (ii) any Liabilities against any Lender Related Person, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.

(e) All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable not later than 15 days after written demand therefor.

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns.

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 9.04. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in clause (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the sub-agents of the Administrative Agent and the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent (and any such sub-agent) and any Lender) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

69

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) of:

(A) the Company; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received written notice thereof; provided, further, that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or, if an Event of Default under clause (a) or (e) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee and 

(B) the Administrative Agent.

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than US$10,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after having received written notice thereof; provided, further, that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default under clause (a) or (e) of Article VII has occurred and is continuing;

(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement;

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of US$3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment; and 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain MNPI) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to clause (b)(vi) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and 

70

Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (c) of this Section.

(iv) In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

(v) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Company (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register is intended to cause each Loan and other obligation hereunder to be registered form within the meaning of Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or Section 1.163-5(b) of the proposed United States Treasury Regulations (or, in each case, any amended or successor version). The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(vi) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in clause (b) of this Section (if any such processing and recordation fee is required to be paid pursuant hereto) and any written consent to such 

71

assignment required by clause (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(b), 2.15(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

(c) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Company or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more Eligible Assignees (a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (iii) the Company, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12, 2.13 and 2.14 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.14(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.14(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.15 and 2.16 as if it were an assignee under clause (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.12 or 2.14, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.15(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or Section 1.163-5(b) of the proposed United States Treasury Regulations (or, in each case, any amended or successor version) or as otherwise required by law. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

72

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 9.04 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.14, and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Obligations, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 

(a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY SEPARATE LETTER AGREEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO FEES PAYABLE TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE ARRANGERS CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE CONTRACT AMONG THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND SUPERSEDE ANY AND ALL PREVIOUS AGREEMENTS AND UNDERSTANDINGS, ORAL OR WRITTEN, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, INCLUDING THE COMMITMENTS OF THE LENDERS OR THEIR AFFILIATES UNDER ANY COMMITMENT LETTER (IF ANY) RELATING HERETO OR ANY COMMITMENT ADVICES SUBMITTED BY THEM (BUT DO NOT SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER PROVISIONS OF ANY COMMITMENT LETTER OR ANY ENGAGEMENT LETTER RELATING HERETO THAT DO NOT BY THE TERMS OF SUCH DOCUMENTS TERMINATE UPON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AGREEMENT, ALL OF WHICH PROVISIONS SHALL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT), AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

73

(b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each, an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; providedfurther, that, without limiting the foregoing, (A) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (B) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby (1) agrees that, for all purposes, including, without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (2) agrees that the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (3) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto, and (4) waives any claim against any the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and their Related Parties for any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by emailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any losses, claims, damages or liabilities arising as a result of the failure of any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality 

74

and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each Affiliate of any of the foregoing, is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender, or by such an Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Company against any of and all of the Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender, and each Affiliate of any of the foregoing, under this Section 9.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or Affiliate may have.

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 

(a) This Agreement, and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(b) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined exclusively in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(c) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in clause (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any such court.

(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY 

75

RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.10.

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates Related Parties, accountants, auditors, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and, unless subject to a professional duty of confidentiality, instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as (or no less restrictive than) those of this Section 9.12, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.12, (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than a Loan Party or that is not known to the Administrative Agent or such Lender to be subject to a duty of confidentiality to the Company, or (iii) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from any Loan Party or without violating the terms of this Section 9.12. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information to any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory authority to the extent that the prohibition on such disclosure otherwise set forth in this Section 9.12 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations of, or applicable to, such Governmental Authority or self-regulatory authority. For the purposes of this Section 9.12, Information means all information received from the Loan Parties relating to the Company, any Subsidiary or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required 

76

to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.12 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.

SECTION 9.13. Patriot Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Company agrees to, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all such documentation and information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

SECTION 9.14. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 9.14, shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION 9.15. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Company acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (a)(i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) the Company is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b)(i) each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Company and its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation to the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company and its 

77

Subsidiaries or other Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

SECTION 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.

SECTION 9.17. Subsidiary Guarantors. 

(a) At any time and from time to time, the Company may cause any one or more of its Subsidiaries to become a Subsidiary Guarantor by causing such Subsidiary (i) to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a counterpart of a Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement (or a supplement thereto in the form specified therein) and (ii) to deliver to the Administrative Agent documents of the types referred to in Section 4.01(c) and 4.01(f) and favorable opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary, in each case, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; provided that such Subsidiary shall be organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia or under the laws of such other jurisdiction as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) Each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be automatically released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement upon the earliest to occur of (i) such Subsidiary Guarantor ceasing to be a Subsidiary of the Company as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder, (ii) upon the payment in full of all the Obligations (other than contingent indemnification, expense reimbursement and yield protection obligations for which no claim has been made) and the termination of all Commitments hereunder and (iii) notification from the Company to the Administrative Agent that the Company desires that such Subsidiary Guarantor be released from its guarantee obligations under the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company to the effect that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing immediately prior to such release or would result as a result of such release.

(c) The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, at the sole expense of the Company, execute and deliver (i) the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement (or any supplement thereto) and (ii) any documentation reasonably requested by the Company or any Subsidiary Guarantor to evidence any release in accordance with clause (b) above. Any execution 

78

and delivery of any release documents by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.17 shall be without recourse or warranty by the Administrative Agent.

[Signature Pages Follow]

79

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

INTUIT INC.

By 

/s/ Antoine Hamelin

Name: Antoine Hamelin

Title: Vice President of Treasury and Stock Administration

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement Intuit Inc.]

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as the Administrative Agent and a Lender 

by

/s/ Ryan Becker

Name: Ryan Becker

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement Intuit Inc.]

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender 

by

/s/ Yvonne Bai

Name: Yvonne Bai

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement Intuit Inc.]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>intu-20250130.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>intu-20250130_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>intu-20250130_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page Document

Jan. 30, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 30, 2025

Entity Registrant Name INTUIT INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-21180

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0034661

Entity Address, Address Line One 2700 Coast Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Mountain View

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94043

City Area Code 650

Local Phone Number 944-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.01 par value

Trading Symbol INTU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000896878

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page Document 
Sheet 
http://www.intuit.com/role/CoverPageDocument 
Cover Page Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

intu-20250130.htm 
intu-20250130.xsd 
intu-20250130_lab.xml 
intu-20250130_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000896878-25-000006-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>intu-20250130_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000896878 

2025-01-30 
2025-01-30 

0000896878 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-30 
INTUIT INC. 
DE 
000-21180 
77-0034661 
2700 Coast Avenue 
Mountain View 
CA 
94043 
650 
944-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
INTU 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>