<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000707549-25-000011.txt : 20250129
<SEC-HEADER>0000707549-25-000011.hdr.sgml : 20250129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250129170518
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000707549-25-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LAM RESEARCH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000707549
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				942634797
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0629

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12933
		FILM NUMBER:		25570232

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4650 CUSHING BLVD
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5106590200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4650 CUSHING PARKWAY
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>lrcx-20250127.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?lrcx-20250127

false000070754900007075492025-01-272025-01-27

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 27, 2025

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-12933 94-2634797

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification Number)

4650 Cushing Parkway

Fremont, California94538

(Address of principal executive offices including zip code)

(510) 572-0200

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share LRCX The Nasdaq Stock Market

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

3

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

4

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits 

4

SIGNATURES 

5

EX-10.1 

Table of Contents

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On January 27, 2025, Lam Research Corporation (the Company), entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto, which amends and restates the Companys existing unsecured Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Existing Credit Agreement).

The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for an increase to the Companys revolving unsecured credit facility, from $1.5 billion under the Existing Credit Agreement to $2.0 billion under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The facility provides for a sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit on the Companys or its subsidiaries behalf and provides for an expansion option that will allow the Company, subject to certain requirements, to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $750 million, for a potential total commitment of $2.750 billion. The facility matures on January 25, 2030 (the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Maturity Date). The proceeds of the loans may be used by the Company for general corporate purposes. As of January 27, 2025, no amount was outstanding under this facility.

The loans under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Companys option, at (x) a base rate determined in accordance with the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, plus a spread of 0.00% to 0.10%, or (y) an Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a spread of 0.70% to 1.10%, in each case plus a facility fee, with such spread and facility fee determined based on the rating of the Companys non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt. Principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable on the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Maturity Date. Additionally, the Company has agreed to pay the lenders a facility fee at a quarterly rate that varies depending on the Companys rating as described above.

The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants. Affirmative covenants include, among other things, delivery of financial statements, compliance certificates and notices; maintenance of properties and insurance; preservation of existence; and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Negative covenants include, among other things, limitations on liens; limitations on mergers, consolidations and sale of all or substantially all assets; changes in the nature of the business; and limitations on affiliate transactions. The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a consolidated funded debt to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ratio of less than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00 for the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 29, 2024, as such ratio may be temporarily increased to less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00 in connection with certain material acquisitions. 

The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default including, among other things, payment defaults, breaches of covenants or representations and warranties, cross-defaults with certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events and change in control of the Company, subject to grace periods in certain instances. Upon an event of default, the lenders may declare all or a portion of the outstanding obligations payable by the Company to be immediately due and payable and exercise other rights and remedies provided for under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

Certain of the lenders under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and their respective affiliates are currently performing, have performed, and may in the future perform, various commercial banking, investment banking, and other financial advisory services for the Company and its subsidiaries, for which they have received, and will receive, customary fees and expenses.

The foregoing description of the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete terms and conditions of the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

Table of Contents

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The disclosure under item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by reference in response to this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits

10.1 

Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated January 27, 2025, among Lam Research Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders listed therein.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 29, 2025 

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

(Registrant)

/s/ Douglas R. Bettinger

Douglas R. Bettinger

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>lamresearch-thirdarcredita.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 10.1

EXECUTION VERSION

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of

January 27, 2025

among

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION 

the Lenders Party Hereto

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, BNP PARIBAS, 

CITIBANK, N.A., and MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 

as Syndication Agents

and

DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

MUFG BANK, LTD., and TRUIST BANK,

as Documentation Agents

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BOFA SECURITIES, INC., BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES CORP., CITIBANK, N.A., and MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 

as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers

4937-8144-7941v.8

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 

1

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 

1

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 

27

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 

27

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations 

28

SECTION 1.05. Status of Obligations 

28

SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 

29

SECTION 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts 

29

SECTION 1.08. Divisions 

29

SECTION 1.09. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 

29

SECTION 1.10. Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement 

30

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 

31

SECTION 2.01. Commitments 

31

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 

31

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings 

32

SECTION 2.04. [Reserved] 

33

SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 

33

SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 

33

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 

38

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 

38

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 

40

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 

40

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 

41

SECTION 2.12. Fees 

41

SECTION 2.13. Interest 

42

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 

43

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 

46

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 

46

SECTION 2.17. Taxes 

47

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 

50

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 

51

SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option 

52

SECTION 2.21. Judgment Currency 

53

SECTION 2.22. Defaulting Lenders 

54

SECTION 2.23. Extension Offers 

55

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

56

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers; Subsidiaries 

56

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 

57

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 

57

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 

57

SECTION 3.05. Properties 

57

SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Environmental and Labor Matters 

57

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 

58

SECTION 3.08. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Status 

58

SECTION 3.09. Taxes 

58

SECTION 3.10. ERISA 

58

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 

58

SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations 

59

SECTION 3.13. Liens 

59

ii

SECTION 3.14. No Default 

59

SECTION 3.15. Anti Corruption Laws and Sanctions 

59

SECTION 3.16. Affected Financial Institutions 

59

SECTION 3.17. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 

59

SECTION 3.18. Outbound Investment Rules 

59

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 

59

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 

59

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 

60

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

61

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 

61

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 

62

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 

62

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 

62

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 

62

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 

63

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 

63

SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds 

63

SECTION 5.09. Subsidiary Guaranty 

63

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

63

SECTION 6.01. [Reserved] 

64

SECTION 6.02. Liens 

64

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales 

64

SECTION 6.04. Transactions with Affiliates 

65

SECTION 6.05. Financial Covenant 

65

SECTION 6.06. Outbound Investment Rules. 

65

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

65

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 

65

SECTION 7.02. Remedies 

67

SECTION 7.03. Application of Payments 

67

ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

68

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 

68

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc. 

70

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 

71

SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 

72

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 

72

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 

73

SECTION 8.07. [Reserved] 

74

SECTION 8.08. [Reserved] 

74

SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters 

74

SECTION 8.10. Borrower Communications 

75

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 

76

SECTION 9.01. Notices 

76

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 

77

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Limitation of Liability 

78

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 

80

SECTION 9.05. Survival 

83

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 

83

SECTION 9.07. Severability 

84

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 

84

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 

84

iii

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

85

SECTION 9.11. Headings 

85

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 

85

SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act, Etc. 

86

SECTION 9.14. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors 

86

SECTION 9.15. Interest Rate Limitation 

87

SECTION 9.16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 

87

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 

87

SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 

88

ARTICLE X BORROWER GUARANTEE 

88

iv

SCHEDULE 2.01 COMMITMENTS 

SCHEDULE 3.01 SUBSIDIARIES

SCHEDULE 3.06 LITIGATION

SCHEDULE 6.02 LIENS

EXHIBIT A ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

EXHIBIT B [RESERVED]

EXHIBIT C FORM OF INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT

EXHIBIT D FORM OF AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT

EXHIBIT E [RESERVED]

EXHIBIT F FORM OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY

EXHIBIT G-1 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT G-2 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT G-3 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT G-4 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT H-1 [RESERVED]

EXHIBIT H-2 [RESERVED]

EXHIBIT I FORM OF NOTE

v

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 27, 2025 among LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent thereunder, are currently party to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent have agreed (a) to enter into this Agreement in order to (i) amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety, (ii) extend the maturity date and increase the size of the existing revolving credit facility under the Existing Credit Agreement and make certain other modifications as set forth herein, (iii) re-evidence the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing Credit Agreement, which shall be repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (iv) set forth the terms and conditions under which the Lenders will, from time to time, make loans and extend other financial accommodations to or for the benefit of the Borrower and (b) that the Departing Lenders shall cease to be a party to the Existing Credit Agreement as more specifically set forth in Section 1.10 of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement and re-evidence the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries outstanding thereunder, which shall be payable in accordance with the terms hereof; and

WHEREAS, it is also the intent of the Borrower to confirm that all obligations under the applicable Loan Documents (as referred to and defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue in full force and effect as modified or restated by the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined herein) and that, from and after the Effective Date, all references to the Credit Agreement contained in any such existing Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

ABR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to a Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars.

Acquisition Holiday has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05.

Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling, plus (b) 0.10% and (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

1

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

Adjusted TIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted TIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement.

Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder.

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(c).

Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is $2,000,000,000.

Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro, (iii) Pounds Sterling, (iv) Japanese Yen and (v) any other currency (x) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (y) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders.

Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1%, provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to in Section 9.06(b).

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA) and the UK Bribery Act 2010.

2

Applicable Parties has the meaning assigned to in Section 8.03(c).

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lenders Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 2.22 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lenders Commitment) represented by such Lenders Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lenders status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination.

Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan, Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, RFR Revolving Loan or CBR Loan or with respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread, Term Benchmark Spread, RFR Spread, CBR Spread or Facility Fee Rate, as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moodys and S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt:

Index Debt Ratings

(Moodys/S&P) Facility Fee Rate Term Benchmark

Spread RFR

Spread CBR

Spread ABR Spread

Category 1 A1/A+ or higher 0.05% 0.70% 0.70% 0.70% 0%

Category 2 A2/A 0.07% 0.805% 0.805% 0.805% 0%

Category 3 A3/A- 0.10% 0.90% 0.90% 0.90% 0%

Category 4 Baa1/BBB+ 0.125% 1.00% 1.00% 1.00% 0%

Category 5 Baa2/BBB or lower 0.15% 1.10% 1.10% 1.10% 0.10%

For purposes of the foregoing: (i) if either Moodys or S&P shall not have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then such rating agency shall be deemed to have established a rating in Category 5; (ii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different categories, the category then in effect shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more categories lower than the other, in which case the category then in effect shall be determined by reference to the category next below that of the higher of the two ratings; and (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and S&P for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moodys or S&P), such change shall be effective three (3) Business Days after the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moodys or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation.

Approved Borrower Portal has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.10(a).

Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a).

Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

Arrangers means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citibank, N.A., and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., in their respective capacities as a Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner with respect hereto.

3

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent.

Attributable Debt means, with respect to any Sale and Leaseback Transaction, the present value (discounted at the rate set forth or implicit in the terms of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of the total obligations of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of Taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance, assessments, utilities, operating and labor costs and other items that do not constitute payments for property rights) during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended). In the case of any lease that is terminable by the lessee upon payment of a penalty, the Attributable Debt shall be the lesser of the Attributable Debt determined assuming termination on the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the Attributable Debt shall also include the amount of the penalty, but no rent shall be considered as required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated) or the Attributable Debt determined assuming no such termination.

Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20.

Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments.

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14.

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards and (c) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, overdrafts and interstate depository network services).

Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services.

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, (ii) has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof or (iii) 

4

become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14.

Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below:

(1)in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollars;

(2)the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time.

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such 

5

other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1)in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a Term Rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(2)in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or component thereof) determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Transition Eventmeans, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:

(1)a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, providedthat, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2)a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; providedthat, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such components thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or

(3)a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

6

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14.

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Borrower means Lam Research Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

Borrower Communications has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.10.

Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan.

Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

Business Day means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be (a) in relation to Loans denominated in Japanese Yen and in relation to the calculation or computation of TIBOR or the Japanese Prime Rate, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Japan, (b) in relation to Loans denominated in Euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR, any day which is a TARGET Day, (c) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day and (d) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital or finance lease obligations on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.

CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate or the Japanese Prime Rate.

7

CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan.

Central Bank Rate means, the greater of (I)(A) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto)s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (c) Japanese Yen, the short-term prime lending rate as publicly announced by the Bank of Japan (or any successor thereto) from time to time, and (d) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (II) the Floor.

Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, (c) Japanese Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the TIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Japanese Yen in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period and (d) any other Foreign Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month.

Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of Equity Interests representing more than 40% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower; or (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) approved by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so approved.

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; providedhowever, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.

8

Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.15.

Class, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans.

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator).

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lenders Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable.

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform.

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, for any period, an amount determined for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis equal to (i) Consolidated Adjusted Net Income, plus (ii) the sum, without duplication, to the extent not already added in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted Net Income, of the amounts for such period of (a) consolidated interest expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, plus (b) provisions for Taxes based on income, plus (c) total depreciation expense, plus (d) total amortization expense, plus (e) losses from dispositions of assets or liabilities outside of the ordinary course of business, plus (f) other non-cash items reducing Consolidated Adjusted Net Income (excluding any such non-cash item to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), plus (g) unusual or non-recurring charges arising from the restructuring or rationalization of product lines, minus (iii) the sum, without duplication, to the extent not already deducted in the definition of Consolidated Adjusted Net Income, of the amounts for such period of (a) other non-cash items increasing Consolidated Adjusted Net Income for such period (excluding any such non-cash item to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for potential cash item in any prior period), plus (b) interest income, plus (c) other income, plus (d) gains from dispositions of assets or liabilities outside of the ordinary course of business for such period. If during such period, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall have made an acquisition or disposition for consideration in excess of $50,000,000, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period shall be calculated on a pro forma basis in accordance with Section 1.04(b).

Consolidated Adjusted Net Income means, for any period, (i) the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period taken as a single accounting period determined in conformity with GAAP, plus (ii) the sum of (a) to the extent deducted in determining net income pursuant to the foregoing clause (i), amortization of intangible assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of any Person or division or line of business of a Person, plus (b) effects of purchase accounting adjustments made in relation to any consummated acquisition, plus (c) any impairment charges or asset write-offs, including impairment charges or asset 

9

write-offs related to intangible assets (including goodwill) and long-lived assets, plus (d) any restructuring charges, plus (e) any amortization expense related to notes discounts, plus (f) actual integration costs associated with any consummated acquisition minus (iii) the sum of (a) the income (or loss) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Borrower) in which any other Person (other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, plus (b) the income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or that Persons assets are acquired by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, plus (c) the income of any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Subsidiary, plus (d) one-time significant gains, plus (e) any restructuring gains.

Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means at any time, the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with GAAP (but subject to Section 1.04), but excluding: (a) the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries relating to the undrawn portion of letters of credit, letters of guaranty or bankers acceptances, (b) Indebtedness of another Person guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) Capital Lease Obligations and (d) Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries solely to the extent (i) cash collateralized or (ii) segregated in a restricted account and reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as restricted cash. 

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, as of the date of any determination thereof, the total amount of assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (less applicable reserves) after deducting therefrom: (i) all current liabilities, except for current maturities of long-term Indebtedness and Capital Lease Obligations, (ii) intangible assets (including goodwill), to the extent included in said aggregate amount of assets, and (iii) notes or accounts receivable subject to a Lien permitted under Section 6.02(e) or (f), to the extent included in said aggregate amount of assets, all as calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis as of such date (but subject to Section 1.04).

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto.

Convertible Debt means any Indebtedness issued or incurred pursuant to any unsecured notes issued by the Borrower that are convertible into common stock of the Borrower, cash or any combination thereof.

Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Covered Entity means any of the following:

(i)a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b);

(ii)a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or

(iii)a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18.

Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing.

Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender.

10

Daily Simple RFRmeans, for any day (an RFR Interest Day), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Pounds Sterling, SONIA for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (ii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR (following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate).

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) RFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website.

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable.

Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Partys receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event.

Departing Lenders means DBS Bank and PNC Bank, National Association.

Documentation Agent means each of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, MUFG Bank, Ltd., and Truist Bank, in its capacity as co-documentation agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement.

Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Foreign Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to 

11

provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion.

Dollars or $ refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America or any political subdivision thereof, other than (i) any Foreign Subsidiary Holdco or (ii) any subsidiary of either a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco or a Foreign Subsidiary.

ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC.

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record.

Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or health and safety matters.

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing.

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.

12

ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) with respect to a Plan, whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in critical status, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.

EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.

EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower.

euro and/or means the single currency of the Participating Member States.

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01.

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Partys failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal.

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or 

13

Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.

Extended Revolving Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a).

Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a).

Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(a).

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, vice president of finance, controller or assistant controller of the Borrower.

Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b).

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate shall be zero.

Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars.

Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency.

Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.

Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

Foreign Subsidiary Holdco means any Subsidiary substantially all of the assets of which consist of Equity Interests and/or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries.

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.

14

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.

Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20.

Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20.

Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20.

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (k) all Attributable Debt of such Person and (l) any other Off-Balance Sheet Liability (excluding obligations and liabilities to the extent the same are (1) cash collateralized or (2) segregated in a restricted account and reflected on the balance sheet of such Person as restricted cash) of such Person; provided, that Indebtedness shall not include any sale or transfer of notes, accounts receivable or other assets whether or not precautionary Liens are filed or recorded in connection with such sale or transfer of such notes, accounts receivable or other assets, if and only if (A) such sale or transfer is accounted for as true sale under GAAP and (B) pursuant to such sale or transfer there is no recourse (other than recourse for breach of customary representations and warranties or in connection with any such sales or transfers) to the seller of such notes or accounts receivable (as evidenced by there being no accounting reserve taken or required to be taken, which in the event a reserve is taken, the amount of Indebtedness shall be deemed to be the amount of such reserve). The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

15

Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b).

Index Debt means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement.

Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12.

Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower.

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date.

Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

Issuing Bank means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citibank, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto.

Issuing Bank Sublimit means, as of the Effective Date, (i) in the case of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., $16,666,670, (ii) in the case of Bank of America, N.A., $16,666,666, (iii) in the case of Barclays Bank PLC, $16,666,666, (iv) in the case of BNP Paribas, $16,666,666, (v) in the case of Citibank, N.A., $16,666,666, (vi) in the case of Mizuho Bank, Ltd., $16,666,666, and (vii) in the case of any other Issuing Bank, such amount as shall be designated to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing by such Issuing Bank; provided that any Issuing Bank and the Borrower may agree at any time to increase or reduce the Issuing Bank Sublimit of such Issuing Bank by providing written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent.

16

Japanese Prime Rate means for any Loan denominated in Japanese Yen the greater of (a)(i) the Japanese local bank prime rate plus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment and (b) the Floor.

Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in Japanese Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate in effect on the last Business Day in such period; provided, that for purposes of this definition, the Japanese Prime Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (a)(ii) of the definition of such term. For purposes of this definition, the TIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the TIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Japanese Yen for a maturity of one month.

Japanese Yen means the lawful currency of Japan.

LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j).

LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Equivalent of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time.

Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary.

Lender Presentation means the Lender Presentation, dated December 16, 2024 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions.

Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d).

Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lenders excludes the Departing Lenders.

Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.06(b).

Leverage Covenant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05.

Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind.

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.

Loan Documents means this Agreement, any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any Letter of Credit applications, the Subsidiary Guaranty, and all other agreements, instruments, documents and 

17

certificates identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lenders and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, notices, Letter of Credit Agreements and all other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party, or any employee of any Loan Party, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative.

Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.

Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars and (ii) in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Foreign Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment.

Material Acquisition means an acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) or series of related acquisitions by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of (i) all or substantially all the assets of a Person or division or line of business of a Person or (ii) all or substantially all the Equity Interests of a Person entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person, in each case for which the aggregate consideration paid or to be paid in respect thereof equals or exceeds $750,000,000.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (c) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any and all other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder.

Material Domestic Subsidiary means each Material Subsidiary that is a Domestic Subsidiary.

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $150,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time.

Material Subsidiary means each Subsidiary that is so designated by the Borrower or which, as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) (or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), contributed greater than 5% of the Borrowers consolidated revenues for such period (excluding intercompany sales); provided that, if at any time the aggregate amount of the Borrowers consolidated revenues attributable to all Subsidiaries that are not Material Subsidiaries exceeds 10% of the Borrowers consolidated revenues for any such period, the Borrower (or, in the event the Borrower has failed to do so within ten days, the Administrative Agent) shall designate sufficient Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries to eliminate such excess, and such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Material Subsidiaries.

Maturity Date means the later of (a) January 25, 2030 and (b) if the maturity date is extended for such Lender pursuant to Section 2.23, such extended maturity date determined pursuant to such Section; provided that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.

Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.15.

18

Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23(b).

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d).

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than 0.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00% for purposes of this Agreement.

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the definition of Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by any Loan Party of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Party to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Party.

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.

Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person (other than operating leases).

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19).

19

Outbound Investment Rules means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States Treasury Department under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023 and, as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq, or any similar law or regulation.

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate.

Overnight Foreign Currency Rate means, for any amount payable in a Foreign Currency, the rate of interest per annum as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c).

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union.

Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).

Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c).

Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c).

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.

Permitted Encumbrances means:

(a)Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;

(b)carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04;

(c)pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;

(d)deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;

(e)judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k); and

(f)easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness.

20

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.

Plan Asset Regulation means 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time.

Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective.

Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction.

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18.

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable.

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such Benchmark is TIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Japan time two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (5) if, following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting or (6) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate, SONIA or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

Regulatory Authority has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12.

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives of such Person and such Persons Affiliates.

Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling, the Bank of England, or a 

21

committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Japanese Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable or (iv) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable.

Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate or (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, the TIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable.

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time.

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer means a Financial Officer or any of the chief executive officer, president, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, chief operating officer or chief legal officer of the Borrower.

Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto.

Revaluation Date shall mean (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency, each of the following: (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii)(A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month); (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof; and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists.

Revolving Borrowing means a Borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, having the same Interest Period, made by the Revolving Lenders.

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure at such time.

Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01.

22

RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA and (b) Dollars (solely following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate), Daily Simple SOFR.

RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing.

RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London and (b) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR.

RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR.

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC business.

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of any property or asset by any Person with the intent to lease such property or asset as lessee.

Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject of any comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria).

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned, 50% or more, or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions.

Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom.

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933.

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator.

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate).

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

23

SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day.

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

SONIA Administrators Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time.

Specified Ancillary Obligations means all obligations and liabilities (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of any of the Subsidiaries, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the definition of Specified Ancillary Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by the Borrower of (or grant of security interest by the Borrower to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of the Borrower for purposes of determining any obligations of the Borrower.

Specified Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.

Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D of the Board) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage.

Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Obligations under the Loan Documents.

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower.

Subsidiary Guarantor means each Material Domestic Subsidiary that is a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty. The Subsidiary Guarantors on the Effective Date are identified as such in Schedule 3.01 hereto.

24

Subsidiary Guaranty means a guaranty in the form of Exhibit F (including any and all supplements thereto) and executed by each Subsidiary Guarantor, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18.

Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement.

Swingline Borrowing means a Borrowing of a Swingline Loan.

Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swingline Lender that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.22 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans.

Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder.

Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05.

Syndication Agent means each of Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citibank, N.A., and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., in its capacity as syndication agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement.

T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.

TARGET Day means any day on which T2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term Benchmark, when used in reference to a currency means an Agreed Currency and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate.

Term Benchmark Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each Lender.

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate.

25

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

TIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBOR Screen Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.

TIBOR Screen Rate means the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1:00 p.m. Japan time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.

Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.

Type, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR.

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

26

U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18.

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3).

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing).

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations. (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving 

27

effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof.

(b)Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any acquisition or disposition for consideration in excess of $50,000,000, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to determine whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings) and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness).

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations, any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (FAS 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith.

SECTION 1.05. Status of Obligations. In the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Borrower shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness.

SECTION 1.06. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or a Foreign Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any 

28

interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

SECTION 1.07. Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit.

SECTION 1.08. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

SECTION 1.09. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. (a) The Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Term Benchmark Borrowings, RFR Borrowings or Letter of Credit extensions denominated in Foreign Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or such Issuing Bank, as applicable.

(b)Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in a Foreign Currency, such amount shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Foreign Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank, as the case may be.

SECTION 1.10. Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement.

(a)The parties to this Agreement agree that, on the Effective Date, the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. Neither the execution, delivery and acceptance of this Agreement nor any of the terms, covenants, conditions or other provisions set forth herein are intended, nor shall they be deemed or construed, to effect a novation of any liens or indebtedness or other obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement 

29

or any other Loan Document (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or to pay, extinguish, release, satisfy or discharge (i) all or any part of the indebtedness or other obligations evidenced by the Existing Credit Agreement, (ii) the liability of any Person under the Existing Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents (as defined under the Existing Credit Agreement) executed and delivered in connection therewith, (iii) the liability of any Person with respect to the Existing Credit Agreement or any indebtedness or other obligations evidenced thereby, or (iv) any deeds of trust, mortgages, liens, security interests or contractual or legal rights securing all or any part of such indebtedness or other obligations. All Loans made, and Obligations incurred, under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Effective Date (and not terminated or otherwise repaid with the proceeds of any Loans made hereunder on the Effective Date) shall be re-evidenced as Loans and Obligations, respectively, under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

(b)Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness of the amendment and restatement contemplated hereby on the Effective Date and except as otherwise expressly provided herein:

(i)all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent, the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents;

(ii)the Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue as Commitments hereunder as set forth on Schedule 2.01;

(iii)the Revolving Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement, if any, shall continue as Revolving Loans hereunder;

(iv)the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of the Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure (each as defined in and in effect under the Existing Credit Agreement) as are necessary in order that each Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder reflects such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof on the Effective Date (and in no event exceeds each such Lenders Commitment hereunder), and the Borrower and each Lender that was a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement (constituting the Required Lenders under and as defined therein) hereby agrees (with effect immediately prior to the Effective Date) that (x) such reallocation, sales and assignments shall be deemed to have been effected by way of, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Assignment and Assumptions, without the payment of any related assignment fee, and no other documents or instruments shall be, or shall be required to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which are hereby waived), (y) such reallocation shall satisfy the assignment provisions of Section 9.04 and Section 9.02(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement and (z) in connection with such reallocation, sales, assignments or other relevant actions, the Borrower shall pay all interest and fees outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and accrued to the date hereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders party hereto, together with any losses, costs and expenses incurred by Lenders under Section 2.16 of the Existing Credit Agreement; and

(v)each of the signatories hereto that is also a party to the Existing Credit Agreement hereby consents to any of the actions described in the foregoing clause (iv) and agrees that any and all required notices and required notice periods under the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with any of the actions described in the foregoing clause (iv) on the Effective Date are hereby waived and of no force and effect.

(c)Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party hereto, as debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, or another similar capacity in which such Loan Party grants liens or security interests in its properties or otherwise acts as a guarantor, joint or several obligor or other accommodation party, as the case may be, in each case under the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement to which it is a party and (ii) to the extent such Loan Party granted liens on or security interests in any of its properties pursuant to any of the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement, hereby ratifies and reaffirms such grant of security (and any filings with Governmental Authorities made in connection therewith) and confirms that such liens and security interests continue to secure the Obligations.

30

(d)The Revolving Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) previously made to the Borrower by each Departing Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement which remain outstanding as of the date of this Agreement (if any) shall be repaid in full (accompanied by any accrued and unpaid interest and fees thereon), each Departing Lenders Commitment under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be terminated and no Departing Lender shall be a Lender hereunder. Each Departing Lender that has not provided an executed counterpart to this Agreement shall be deemed a Non-Consenting Lender (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), and the provisions of this Section 1.10 shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements set forth in Section 9.02(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement for the replacement of such Non-Consenting Lender, the purchase of such Non-Consenting Lenders Loans and other Obligations (each as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) due to such Non-Consenting Lender and the assumption of all obligations of such Non-Consenting Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement.

ARTICLE II

The Credits

SECTION 2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) subject to Section 2.11(b), the Dollar Equivalent of such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Commitment or (b) subject to Section 2.11(b), the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the Aggregate Commitment. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans.

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05.

(b)Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (A) in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans and (B) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, in each case, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith; provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(c)At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, JPY100,000,000 or (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen, 1,000,000 units of such currency) and not less than $5,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, JPY500,000,000 or (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen, 5,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and/or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of seven Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding.

31

(d)Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings. To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower, promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower) not later than 11:00 a.m., Local Time, four Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (b) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower, promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days (in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five RFR Business Days (in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling), in each case before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (c) by telephone in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such Borrowing Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirements may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i)the Agreed Currency and aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;

(ii)the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing;

(iv)in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period; and

(v)the location and number of the Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07.

If no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03, a CBR Loan or, prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, a Daily Simple SOFR Loan (it being understood and agreed that a Central Bank Rate and Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e) (solely with respect to the Central Bank Rate), 2.14(a) and 2.14(f)).

SECTION 2.04. [Reserved].

32

SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may in its sole discretion make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding $15,000,000 or (ii) the Dollar Equivalent of the total Revolving Credit Exposures exceeding the Aggregate Commitment; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans.

(b)To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail), not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with the Swingline Lender (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.

(c)The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.

SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit. (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, and the Issuing Banks hereby agree to issue such Letters of Credit each in its sole discretion provided, that there shall not at any time be more than a total of twenty (20) Letters of Credit outstanding. 

(b)Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the 

33

Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the respective Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by it and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three Business Days) a written notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and/or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the respective Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Banks standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension, in each case subject to subject to Section 2.11(b), (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the LC Exposure shall not exceed $100,000,000, (ii) the sum of the Dollar Equivalent of the total Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment and (iii) the Dollar Equivalent of each Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment. Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Borrower may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each Issuing Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith. Any Letter of Credit so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of this Agreement, and shall not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations set forth in clauses (i) through (iii) of this paragraph.

An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit if:

(i)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing, amending or extending such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance, amendment or extension of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment or decree, or law shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; or

(ii)the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally. 

(c)Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension of the expiration date thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the extension thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (ii) above).

(d)Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the term thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Issuing Bank, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in 

34

paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit and to make payments in respect of such acquired participations are absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments.

(e)Reimbursement. If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in the Agreed Currency or such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., Local Time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with (i) to the extent such LC Disbursement was made in Dollars, an ABR Revolving Borrowing, Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in Dollars in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement or (ii) to the extent that such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing in such Foreign Currency in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing, Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lenders Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the respective Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the respective Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Banks as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the Borrowers reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Foreign Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Borrower shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or (y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Foreign Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent, calculated on the date such LC Disbursement is made, of such LC Disbursement.

(f)Obligations Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder or (v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Foreign Currency to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, 

35

omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, document, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

(g)Disbursement Procedures. The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that, such notice need not be given prior to the payment of the applicable Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement.

(h)Interim Interest. If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full in the applicable currency on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate for such Agreed Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans) and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.

(i)Replacement of Issuing Bank. An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit.

(j)Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders 

36

(the LC Collateral Account), an amount in cash equal to 102% of the Dollar Equivalent of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that (i) the portions of such amount attributable to undrawn Foreign Currency Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements in a Foreign Currency that the Borrower is not late in reimbursing shall be deposited in the applicable Foreign Currencies in the actual amounts of such undrawn Letters of Credit and LC Disbursements and (ii) the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i). The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder under Section 2.11(b) or Section 2.22(c), such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower as requested by the Borrower (a) with respect to cash collateral required under Section 2.11(b), so long as after giving effect to such return, all Revolving Credit Exposures (as calculated under such Section) would be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment and (b) with respect to cash collateral required under Section 2.22(c), the LC Exposure of the applicable Defaulting Lender has been fully reallocated or eliminated. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or paragraph (c) of this Section, if any LC Exposure remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said paragraph (c), the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the LC Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 102% of such LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.

(k)Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.

(l)Issuing Bank Agreements. Unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) promptly following the end of each calendar month, the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding at the end of such month, (ii) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the aggregate face amount of the Letter of Credit to be issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), it being understood that such Issuing Bank shall not permit any issuance, renewal, extension or amendment resulting in an increase in the amount of any Letter of Credit to occur without first obtaining written confirmation from the Administrative Agent that it is then permitted under this Agreement, (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any payment under any Letter of Credit, the date of such payment under such Letter of Credit and the amount of such payment, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse any payment under any Letter of Credit required 

37

to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 12:00 noon (or in the case of ABR Borrowings requested by the Borrower on the same day of such ABR Borrowing, 1:00 p.m.), New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 12:00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agents Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency and at such Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to (x) an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City or Chicago and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of the Borrower in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency; provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank.

(b)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency) or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans, or in the case of Foreign Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing.

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections. (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.

(b)To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by telephone or irrevocable written notice in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars or by irrevocable written notice (via an Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such Interest Election Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirements may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit the Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for 

38

Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under such Borrowing.

(c)Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i)the Agreed Currency and principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);

(ii)the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars) or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing; and

(iv)if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period and Agreed Currency to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period.

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.08(c) a CBR Loan or, prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, a Daily Simple SOFR Loan (it being understood and agreed that a Central Bank Rate and Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e) (solely with respect to the Central Bank Rate), 2.14(a) and 2.14(f).

(d)Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e)If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of such Interest Period. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing in a Foreign Currency prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing(i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, (x) each Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case, denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto (or in the case of an RFR Borrowing, on the last day of the calendar month) and (y) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case, denominated in a Foreign Currency shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the Interest Period, as applicable thereto, in the case of any Term Benchmark Loans, or on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto, in the case of any RFR Loans, or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of any Term Benchmark Loans, or on the Interest Payment Date, in the case of any RFR Loans, as applicable, in full; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the 

39

date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above.

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date.

(b)The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $10,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of the Revolving Credit Exposures would exceed the Aggregate Commitment.

(c)The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments (or as between Lenders which are Affiliates of each other, as they may determine and notify to the Administrative Agent).

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the first date after such Swingline Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month and is at least two Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding.

(b)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

(c)The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof.

(d)The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be primafacie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the Obligations.

(e)Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver a promissory note to such Lender in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein.

40

(f)The accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent referred to in clause (c) shall be treated as part of the Register. In the event of any inconsistency between the Register and any Lenders records, the records as in the Register shall govern.

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans.

(a)The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent and, if relevant, the Swingline Lender) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, Local Time, three Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or four Business Days (in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, five RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iv) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16.

(b)If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Revaluation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the Aggregate Commitment or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated) exceeds 102% of the Aggregate Commitment, the Borrower shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of all Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment.

SECTION 2.12. Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates; provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued facility fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and the last day of each period but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate).

(b)The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the average daily Dollar Equivalent of such Lenders LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed 

41

LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lenders Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125% per annum on the average daily Dollar Equivalent of the LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, as well as such Issuing Banks standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Unless otherwise specified above, accrued participation fees and fronting fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency.

(c)The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders the other applicable fees respectively required to be paid to them in the amounts and the times as separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

(d)All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the applicable Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

SECTION 2.13. Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.

(b)The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.

(c)Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate.

(d)Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.

(e)Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears, in the same Agreed Currency as the applicable Loan, on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.

42

(f)Interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate (except when based on the Prime Rate), the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate or Daily Simple RFR with respect to Dollars hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling, the Japanese Prime Rate (if applicable) or the Alternate Base Rate only at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, TIBOR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest.

(a)Subject to clauses (b) (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if:

(i)the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or

(ii)the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the 

43

last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided, that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall, at the Borrowers election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time, and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

(c)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(d)The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14.

44

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate, EURIBOR Rate or TIBOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.

(f)Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any request relating to a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall, at the Borrowers election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately.

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against 

45

assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuing Bank (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable);

(ii)impose on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or

(iii)subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c)A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten days after receipt thereof.

(d)Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; providedfurther that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments.

(a)With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest 

46

Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or (v) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten days after receipt thereof.

(b)With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or (iv) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

SECTION 2.17. Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b)Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes.

(c)Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d)Indemnification by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(e)Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant 

47

Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).

(f)Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B), (ii)(D) and (ii)(E) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.

(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person:

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax;

(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;

(2)an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or

48

(4)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 or Exhibit G-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit G-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made;

(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement; and

(E)on or before the date on which any successor or replacement Administrative Agent becomes the Administrative Agent hereunder, it shall deliver to the Borrower two executed copies of either (a) IRS Form W-9 or (b) with respect to amounts received on its own account, IRS Form W-8ECI and with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender, IRS Form W-8IMY certifying that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. Person for U.S. federal tax purposes or a qualified intermediary that has agreed to assume primary withholding obligations for Chapter 3 and Chapter 4 of the Code with respect to payments received by it from the Borrower in its capacity as Administrative Agent, as applicable.

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(g)Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its 

49

Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h)Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

(i)Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA.

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.

(a)The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars, 1:00 p.m., New York City time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, 12:00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agents Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency, in each case on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to euro, in euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 131 S Dearborn Street, Floor 04 Chicago, Illinois 60603-5506 or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agents Term Benchmark Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to the applicable Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency) no longer exists or the Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by the Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrower takes all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States.

(b)At any time that payments are not required to be applied in the manner required by Section 7.03, if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties.

(c)At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder whether made following a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest, fees or any other amount due under the Loan Documents if such amounts are not paid when due and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans) and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 2.05, as applicable and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit 

50

account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent designated by the Borrower for such purpose for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents.

(d)If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.

(e)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency).

(f)If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lenders obligations to it under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section; in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion.

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.

51

(b)If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (A) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (B) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.

SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option. The Borrower may from time to time elect to increase the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each, an Incremental Term Loan), in each case, in minimum increments of $10,000,000, so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of all such increases and Incremental Term Loans made at any time after the Effective Date does not exceed $750,000,000. The Borrower may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender; provided that no Ineligible Institution may be an Augmenting Lender), which agree to increase their existing Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or provide new Commitments, as the case may be; provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender, shall be subject to the approval of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank and (ii)(x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Borrower and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Borrower and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and (B) the Borrower shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.05 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents and opinions consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the organizational power and authority of the Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase (unless such requirements have been waived by the applicable Increasing Lenders and Augmenting Lenders). On the effective date of any increase in the Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the 

52

Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lenders portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) except in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans; provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. In connection with any increase of the Commitments or Incremental Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, tax identification number and/or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act.

SECTION 2.21. Judgment Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from the Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency) into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agents main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, the Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to the Borrower.

SECTION 2.22. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender:

(a)fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a);

53

(b)any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.03 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(c)the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby;

(d)if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:

(i)all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lenders Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments;

(ii)if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks only the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding;

(iii)if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender 

54

pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized;

(iv)if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and

(v)if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to any Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and

(e)so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lenders then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.22(d), and participating interests in any such newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.22(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Banks shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder.

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.

SECTION 2.23. Extension Offers.

(a)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to an offer (an Extension Offer) made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders having Commitments with a like maturity date on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate principal amount of Commitments with a like maturity date) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower may up to two times extend the maturity date of the Commitments, in the case of each such Extension Offer, by up to one year, and otherwise modify the terms of the Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of the Commitments (and related outstandings) (each, an Extension, and each group of the Commitments as so extended, as well as the original Commitments (in each case not so extended), being a tranche). Any Extended Revolving Commitments (as defined below) shall constitute a separate tranche of Commitments from the tranche of Commitments from which they were converted, so long as the following terms are satisfied: (i) there shall be no more than two Extensions made during the term of this Agreement, (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time the offering document in respect of an Extension Offer is delivered to the Lenders, (iii) except as to interest rates, fees and final maturity date (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iv) and (v), be determined by the Borrower and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), the Commitments of any Lender extended pursuant to any Extension (Extended Revolving Commitments) 

55

shall have the same terms as the tranche of Commitments subject to such Extension Offer, (iv) the final maturity date of any Extended Revolving Commitments shall be no earlier than the Maturity Date extended thereby and no later than one year from the Maturity Date extended thereby, (v) any Extended Revolving Commitments may participate on a pro rata basis in any voluntary or mandatory repayments, (vi) if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Commitments (calculated on the face amount thereof), in respect of which the Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Commitments offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Commitments of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer, (vii) all documentation in respect of such Extension shall be consistent with the foregoing, and (viii) any applicable Minimum Extension Condition (as defined below) shall be satisfied unless waived by the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall be required to participate in any Extension.

(b)With respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.23, (i) such Extensions shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Section 2.11 and (ii) no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment; provided, that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition) to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Borrowers sole discretion and may be waived by the Borrower) of Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable tranches be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the Extensions and the other transactions contemplated by this Section 2.23 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Revolving Commitments on the such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.23.

(c)The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent (without the consent of any Person other than the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of the Commitments so extended and such amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranches or sub-tranches, in each case, on terms consistent with this Section 2.23.

(d)In connection with any Extension Offer, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures, if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent in each case, acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.23.

ARTICLE III

Representations and Warranties

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers; Subsidiaries. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. As of the Effective Date, Schedule 3.01 hereto identifies each Subsidiary, noting whether such Subsidiary is a Material Domestic Subsidiary, the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, the percentage of issued and outstanding shares of each class of its capital stock or other Equity Interests owned by the Borrower and the other Subsidiaries and, if such percentage is not 100% (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law), a description of each class issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock and other Equity Interests of each Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and fully paid and nonassessable and all such shares and other Equity Interests indicated on Schedule 3.01 as owned by the Borrower or another Subsidiary are owned, beneficially and of record, by the Borrower or any Subsidiary free and clear of all Liens. There are no 

56

outstanding commitments or other obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to issue, and no options, warrants or other rights of any Person to acquire, any shares of any class of capital stock or other Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, excluding (i) equity awards under employee or director compensation plans and (ii) shares subject to purchase under the Borrowers employee stock purchase plan.

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions to which each Loan Party is a party are within such Loan Partys organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. The Loan Documents to which each Loan Party is a party have been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material indenture or other material agreement or material instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders or filed for public availability on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 reported on by Ernst & Young LLP, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above.

(b)Since June 30, 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

SECTION 3.05. Properties. (a) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except for defects in title that do not materially interfere with the ability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to conduct their business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.

(b)Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except where the failure to own, or be licensed to use, such intellectual property material, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Environmental and Labor Matters. (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06, on the Effective Date there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.

(b)Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other 

57

approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.

(c)There are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pending and, to their knowledge, none are threatened, in each case, that would be material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Federal, state, local or foreign law relating to such matters except as, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or for which any claim may be made against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as liabilities on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary except as, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the Transactions will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement under which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is bound.

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.08. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Status. (a) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock.

(b)Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940.

SECTION 3.09. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.10. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure. Neither the Lender Presentation nor any of the other written reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made (taken as a whole), not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information and other forward-looking information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the preparers thereof to be reasonable at the time.

SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan have been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X.

SECTION 3.13. Liens. There are no Liens on any of the real or personal properties of the Borrower or any Subsidiary except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02.

58

SECTION 3.14. No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

SECTION 3.15. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to reasonably promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in their respective capacities as directors, officers, employees and agents of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and to the knowledge of the Borrower its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Borrower or such Subsidiary any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions.

SECTION 3.16. Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution.

SECTION 3.17. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulation), and, assuming that no portion of the Loans is funded or held with plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406(a) of ERISA or Section 4975(c)(1)(A)(D) of the Code. 

SECTION 3.18. Outbound Investment Rules. No Loan Party is a covered foreign person as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. The Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a covered transaction as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. No Loan Party currently engages, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in any prohibited transaction as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules, and neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries currently engages, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in any activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

ARTICLE IV

Conditions

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

(a)The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received copies of the Loan Documents duly executed by each party thereto (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page).

(b)The Administrative Agent shall have received a customary legal opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Jones Day, counsel for the Loan Parties, in customary form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower.

(c)The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the initial Loan Parties, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to such Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, including a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each 

59

Loan Party certifying (i) the certificate of incorporation or other charter document of such Loan Party, (ii) the by-laws or other organizational documents of such Loan Party, (iii) the names and true signatures of the officers of such Loan Party and (iv) the resolutions of the Board of Directors or other governing body of such Loan Party authorized to sign this Agreement and each other Loan Document.

(d)The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, certifying (i) that the representations and warranties contained in Article III are true and correct as of such date and (ii) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of such date.

(e)The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Loan Parties reasonably requested by it at least ten Business Days in advance of the Effective Date, which documentation or other information is required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act.

(f)The Administrative Agent shall have received, for the account of the applicable Persons, (i) all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out of pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder and (ii) payment of all accrued and unpaid interest and fees outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement and owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement.

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding.

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a)The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement (excluding the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 3.04(b) and 3.06(a)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, provided that to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without any duplication of any materiality qualifiers contained therein).

(b)At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section.

ARTICLE V

Affirmative Covenants

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as applicable:

60

(a)within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, by the date that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Borrower for such fiscal year would be required to be filed under the rules and regulations of the SEC, giving effect to any automatic extension available thereunder for the filing of such form), its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Ernst & Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;

(b)within 60 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending on or about December 29, 2024) (or, if earlier, by the date that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Borrower for such fiscal quarter would be required to be filed under the rules and regulations of the SEC, giving effect to any automatic extension available thereunder for the filing of such form), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;

(c)concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 6.05 and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;

(d)promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;

(e)promptly after Moodys or S&P shall have announced a change in the applicable rating established or deemed to have been established for the Index Debt, written notice of such rating change; and

(f)promptly following any reasonable request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as are customary for transactions of this type, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b) and (d) of this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are filed for public availability on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. Upon request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall provide paper copies of the compliance certificates required by clause (c) of this Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of copies of such document to it and maintaining its copies of such documents.

61

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtains knowledge thereof:

(a)the occurrence of any Default;

(b)the filing or commencement of any Proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(c)the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(d)any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; and

(e)the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereunder result in a covered transaction as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. 

Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, governmental authorizations and intellectual property rights material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted except where the failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) keep its insurable properties adequately insured at all times by financially sound and reputable insurers (which may include captive insurers), and maintain such other insurance or self-insurance (including product liability insurance), to such extent and against such risks, including fire and other risks insured against by extended coverage, as are customary with companies similarly situated and in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which customary entries are made of dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, which entries will be full, true and correct in all material respects. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants so long as an officer of the Borrower is present, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested; provided that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing, the Borrower shall not 

62

be responsible for the costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent for more than one such visit, inspection or examination in any calendar year. The Borrower acknowledges that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain reports pertaining to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to reasonably promote compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.

SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only to finance the working capital needs, and for general corporate purposes, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case, except to the extent permitted for a Person that is required to comply with Sanctions, or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.

SECTION 5.09. Subsidiary Guaranty. As promptly as possible but in any event within 30 days (or such later date as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent) after any Person becomes a Material Domestic Subsidiary or any Subsidiary qualifies independently as, or is designated by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as, a Subsidiary Guarantor pursuant to the definition of Material Domestic Subsidiary, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent with written notice thereof and shall cause each such Subsidiary which also qualifies as a Material Domestic Subsidiary to deliver to the Administrative Agent the Subsidiary Guaranty (or a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty (in the form contemplated thereby) pursuant to which such Subsidiary agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions thereof), such Subsidiary Guaranty to be accompanied by appropriate corporate resolutions, other corporate documentation and legal opinions in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

ARTICLE VI

Negative Covenants

Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

SECTION 6.01. [Reserved]. 

SECTION 6.02. Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except:

(a)Permitted Encumbrances;

63

(b)any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;

(c)any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;

(d)Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) [reserved], (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iv) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(e)Liens arising from the sale or transfer of accounts receivable and notes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, provided that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, shall receive adequate consideration therefor; 

(f)Liens on notes or accounts receivable sold or transferred in a transaction which is accounted for as a true sale under GAAP; and

(g)Liens on assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted above so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Indebtedness and other obligations subject to such Liens does not at any time exceed the greater of (i) $2,000,000,0000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets (calculated as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter and determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness by reference to the Borrowers financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)) at any time outstanding.

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales. (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

(i)any Person may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation;

(ii)any Subsidiary may merge into any Person that either is a Subsidiary or becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction (provided that any such merger involving a Subsidiary that is a Loan Party must result in such Loan Party as the surviving entity and any such merger involving the Borrower must result in the Borrower as the surviving entity); and

(iii)any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders.

(b)The Borrower will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of, directly or through any merger or consolidation and whether in one transaction or in a series of 

64

transactions, assets constituting all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(c)The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than (i) businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its subsidiaries on the date of execution of this Agreement, (ii) other technology-related businesses, and (iii) businesses reasonably related or incidental to clauses (i) or (ii) or representing a reasonable expansion thereof.

SECTION 6.04. Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arms-length basis from unrelated third parties and (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its wholly owned Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate.

SECTION 6.05. Financial Covenant. The Borrower will not permit the ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters ending on and after the fiscal quarter ending December 29, 2024, of (i) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness to (ii) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the four fiscal quarter period then ended to be greater than 3.50 to 1.00 (the Leverage Covenant); provided, that the Borrower may, in connection with a Material Acquisition, so long as (a) no Default or Event of Default shall be continuing and (b) the Borrower was in compliance with the Leverage Covenant for the two (2) immediately preceding consecutive fiscal quarters, and upon written notice by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, elect to increase the maximum ratio permitted under the Leverage Covenant to 4.00 to 1.00 for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs (any such election being referred to as an Acquisition Holiday); provided, further that (x) no Acquisition Holiday shall be available during the two (2) consecutive fiscal quarters occurring immediately after any Acquisition Holiday shall have concluded, (y) the Borrower may only exercise an Acquisition Holiday twice during the term of this Agreement and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, after the four consecutive fiscal quarter period referred to above, the Leverage Covenant shall revert to the levels required in this Section 6.05 had the Acquisition Holiday not occurred.

SECTION 6.06. Outbound Investment Rules. No Loan Party will be or become a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Loan Party to, engage, directly or indirectly, in any activity or transaction that would (i) constitute a prohibited transaction as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or (iii) cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under the Loan Documents.

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default. If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) shall occur

(a)the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;

(b)the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in Section 7.01(a)) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days or five (5) days, whichever is later;

(c)any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any 

65

amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;

(d)the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.02, 5.03 (with respect to the Borrowers existence), 5.08 or 5.09, in Article VI or in Article X;

(e)the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in Sections 7.01(a), (b) or (d)) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);

(f)the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable;

(g)any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (x) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness or (y) any redemption, repurchase, conversion or settlement with respect to any Convertible Debt pursuant to its terms unless such redemption, repurchase, conversion or settlement results from a default thereunder or an event of the type that constitutes an Event of Default;

(h)an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(i)the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(j)the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;

(k)one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $200,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed;

(l)an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(m)a Change in Control shall occur;

66

(n)the occurrence of any default, as defined in any Loan Document (other than this Agreement) or the breach of any of the terms or provisions of any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), which default or breach continues beyond any period of grace therein provided; or

(o)any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction based on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms).

SECTION 7.02. Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) require that the Borrower provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.06(j) and (iv) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under the Loan Documents and applicable law. If an Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i) occurs, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (iii) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity.

SECTION 7.03. Application of Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders:

(a)all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.22, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows:

(i)first, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such);

(ii)second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest, Letter of Credit fees and obligations in connection with Swap Agreements and Banking Services Agreements) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them;

(iii)third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them;

67

(iv)fourth, (A) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and (B) to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.22, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Bank in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them; provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to subclause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Bank to cash collateralize Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.22, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.03;

(v)fifth, to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and Affiliates of the Lenders based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and

(vi)finally, the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law; and

(b)if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received from any Loan Party shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Loan Party.

ARTICLE VIII

The Administrative Agent

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action. (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents.

(b)As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as 

68

expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(c)In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the Administrative Agent are commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(i)the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby; and

(ii)nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account;

(d)The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.

(e)None of any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder.

(f)In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:

(i)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and

69

(ii)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding.

(g)The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrowers rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions.

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc. (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.

(b)The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02 in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (A) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (B) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (C) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (D) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (E) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Dollar Equivalent.

70

(c)Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications. (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform).

(b)Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

(c)THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTYS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM.

(d)Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and 

71

Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders or Issuing Banks (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.

(e)Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(f)Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.

SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually. With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Banks, Lenders, Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks.

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents.

(b)Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agents resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and 

72

Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks. (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing such as a claim under the federal or state securities law), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

(b)Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date.

(c)(i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(ii)Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on 

73

notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.

(iii)The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party.

(iv)Each partys obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.

SECTION 8.07. [Reserved].

SECTION 8.08. [Reserved].

SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:

(i)such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,

(ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.

74

(b)In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto).

(c)The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing.

SECTION 8.10. Borrower Communications.

(a)The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Borrower Portal).

(b)Although the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system), each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of the Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of Borrower Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution.

(c)THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR 

75

OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWERS TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL.

Borrower Communications means, collectively, any Borrowing Request, Interest Election Request, notice of prepayment, notice requesting the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal.

(d)Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in accordance with the Administrative Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.

(e)Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.

ARTICLE IX

Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01. Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by e-mail, as follows:

(i)if to the Borrower, to it at Lam Research Corporation, 4650 Cushing Parkway, Fremont, California 94538, Attention of Adam King, (Telephone No. (510) 572-4269; Email: treasuryorg@lamresearch.com);

(ii)if to the Administrative Agent (A) from the Borrower, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., at the address separately provided to the Borrower, and (B) if to the Administrative Agent from the Lenders, at the address separately provided to the Lenders in its Administrative Questionnaire.

(iii)if to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Issuing Bank, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower; 

(iv)if to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Swingline Lender, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower; and

(v)if to any other Lender (including to any other Issuing Bank), to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.

Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received. Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portal, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).

(b)Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portals (as applicable), in each case, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

76

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.

(c)Any party hereto may change its address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.

(b)Except as provided in Sections 2.14(c), (c) and (d) and in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Revolving Loans are included on the Effective Date), (vi) release the Borrower from its obligations under Article X or release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors from their obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender or (vii) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.21(b) or 7.03 without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.22 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification.

77

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders.

(d)If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender), then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. Each party hereto agrees that (A) an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (B) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.

(e)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency.

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Limitation of Liability. (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of single counsel to JPMorgan and of a single local counsel to JPMorgan in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by an Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Arranger or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

78

(b)The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Syndication Agent, each Documentation Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (A) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (B) result from a claim initiated by the Borrower or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for a material breach of such Indemnitees express obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, that any legal expenses shall be limited to one counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole and if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) and, solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of affected Indemnitees similarly situated taken as a whole. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c)Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by the Borrower under paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent Related Person) (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower] to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent Related Person in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent Related Persons gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.

(d)To the extent permitted by applicable law, neither the Borrower nor the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each being a Lender-Related Person) shall assert, and each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby waives, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Related Parties, any claim against any Lender-Related Person (in the case of such waiver by the Borrower) or against the Borrower (in the case of such waiver by any Lender-Related Person) for any Liabilities (i) arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet, any Approved Electronic Platform and any Approved Borrower Portal), or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages 

79

(as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that nothing contained in this Section 9.03(d) shall limit the Borrowers indemnification obligations set forth in Section 9.03(b).

(e)All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 15 days after written demand therefor.

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)(i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:

(A)the Borrower (provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after having received notice thereof); provided, further, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee;

(B)the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment;

(C)each Issuing Bank; and

(D)the Swingline Lender.

(ii)Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:

(A)except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $10,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

(B)each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans;

80

(C)the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an (x) Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders; and

(D)the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings:

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.

Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof.

(iii)Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.

(iv)The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(v)Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), 

81

the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

(c)Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(d)Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of 

82

Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

(b)Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

83

SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor against any of and all of the Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so setoff shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.22 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(b)Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

(c)The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.

(d)The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(e)Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY 

84

JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, partners, members, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel, independent auditors and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations or (iii) any credit insurance provider relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facility provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facility provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section, (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower or (iii) was already lawfully in the Lenders possession on a non-confidential basis or is independently developed by the Lender without reliance on such non-public information. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower, its business or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In addition, the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, any Issuing Bank and each Lender may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar services providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory Authority) to the extent that any such prohibition on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority.

EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PARAGRAPH FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN 

85

ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER, THE OTHER LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW.

SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act, Etc. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, as applicable, it is or may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act and includes such ownership information as required under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, as the case may be.

SECTION 9.14. Releases of Subsidiary Guarantors.

(a)A Subsidiary Guarantor shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary; provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Partys expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent.

(b)Further, the Administrative Agent may (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to), upon the request of the Borrower, release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a Material Domestic Subsidiary.

(c)At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Obligations (other than obligations under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement, and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination) shall have been paid in full in cash, the Commitments shall have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding, the Subsidiary Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Subsidiary Guarantor thereunder shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person.

SECTION 9.15. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the 

86

Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency) to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION 9.16. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. (a) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto.

(b)The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion.

(c)In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower or its Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies.

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

87

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.

SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

ARTICLE X

Borrower Guarantee

In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the Borrower hereby absolutely and irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Lenders and the other holders of Specified Ancillary Obligations), as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the payment when and as due of the Specified Ancillary Obligations of the Subsidiaries. The Borrower further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Specified Ancillary Obligation.

The Borrower represents to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that as of the date hereof, and on each date on which a Transaction (as defined in any ISDA Agreement or similar agreement entered into between the Lenders or any of their Affiliates and any Subsidiary) is entered into, it is an ECP, and covenants that it will continue to maintain such status until all of its obligations hereunder have been satisfied.

The Borrower waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any Subsidiary of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Subsidiary under the provisions of any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement or otherwise; (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement or other agreement; (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; (e) the failure of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, 

88

any security or collateral for the Specified Ancillary Obligations, if any; (f) any change in the corporate, partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Subsidiary or any other guarantor of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; (g) the enforceability or validity of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Specified Ancillary Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Subsidiary or any other guarantor of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Subsidiary or any other guarantor of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of the Borrower to subrogation.

The Borrower further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person.

The obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever (other than payment in full of the Specified Ancillary Obligations), by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or otherwise.

The Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Specified Ancillary Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Specified Ancillary Obligation (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Subsidiary or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Specified Ancillary Obligations in its discretion).

In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) may have at law or in equity against the Borrower by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any Subsidiary to pay any Specified Ancillary Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Borrower hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to such applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of such Specified Ancillary Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Borrower further agrees that if payment in respect of any Specified Ancillary Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and/or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Term Benchmark Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), disadvantageous to such applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in any material respect, then, at the election of such applicable Lender, the Borrower shall make payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Dollar Equivalent in effect on the date of payment) and/or in New York, Chicago or such other Term Benchmark Payment Office as is designated by such applicable Lender (or its Affiliate) and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify such applicable Lender (and any of its Affiliates) against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment.

Upon payment by the Borrower of any sums as provided above, all rights of the Borrower against any Subsidiary arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated 

89

and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Specified Ancillary Obligations owed by such Subsidiary to the applicable Lender (or its applicable Affiliates).

Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of the Borrower hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations not yet due and payable).

[Signature Pages Follow]

90

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION, 

as Borrower

By: /s/ Douglas R. Bettinger

Name: Douglas R. Bettinger

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

individually as a Lender, as an Issuing Bank, as the Swingline Lender and as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Ryan M. Becker

Name: Ryan M. Becker

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: /s/ Gloria Lopez

Name: Gloria Lopez

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: /s/ Sean Duggan

Name: Sean Duggan

Title: Director

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

BNP PARIBAS, as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: /s/ Nicole Rodriguez

Name: Nicole Rodriguez

Title: Director

By: /s/ Nicolas Doche

Name: Nicolas Doche

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: /s/ Daniel Boselli

Name: Daniel Boselli

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

MIZUHO BANK,as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: /s/ Tracy Rahn

Name: Tracy Rahn

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Lender

By: /s/ Alison Lugo

Name: Alison Lugo (alison.lugo@db.com)

Title: Vice President (212-250-2803)

By: /s/ Ming K. Chu

Name: Ming K. Chu (ming.k.chu@db.com)

Title: Director (212-250-5451)

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,as a Lender

By: /s/ Dan Starr

Name: Dan Starr

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

MUFG BANK, LTD.,as a Lender

By: /s/ Lillian Kim

Name: Lillian Kim

Title: Director

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

TRUIST BANK,as a Lender

By: /s/ Carlos Cruz

Name: Carlos Cruz

Title: Director

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT 

BANK, as a Lender

By: /s/ Andrew Sidford

Name: Andrew Sidford

Title: Managing Director

By: /s/ Gordon Yip

Name: Gordon Yip

Title: Director

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as a 

Lender

By: /s/ Andrew Everett

Name: Andrew Everett

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK 

BRANCH,as a Lender

By: /s/ Tim Brogan

Name: Tim Brogan

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Departing

Lender

By: /s/ Matthew Murray

Name: Matthew Murray

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

DBS BANK LTD., as a Departing Lender

By: /s/ Kate Khoo

Name: Kate Khoo

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Lam Research)

SCHEDULE 2.01

Commitments

LENDER COMMITMENT

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. $210,000,000

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. $210,000,000

BARCLAYS BANK PLC $210,000,000

BNP PARIBAS $210,000,000

CITIBANK, N.A. $210,000,000

MIZUHO BANK, LTD. $210,000,000

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH $125,000,000

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA $125,000,000

MUFG BANK, LTD. $125,000,000

TRUIST BANK $125,000,000

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK $80,000,000

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION $80,000,000

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH $80,000,000

AGGREGATE COMMITMENT $2,000,000,000

SCHEDULE 3.01

SUBSIDIARIES

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization

Lam Research Management GmbH Austria

Lam Research AG Austria

Semsysco GmbH Austria

IPEC International Sales FSC Ltd Barbados

IPEC FSC Ltd. Barbados

Lam Research Belgium BV Belgium

Lam Research Capital Ltd. Cayman Islands

Lam Research Service Co., Ltd. China

Lam Research (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China

Lam Research Semiconductor (Shanghai) Ltd. China

Coventor Srl France

Lam Research SAS France

Lam Research GmbH Germany

Lam Research (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong

Lam Research (India) Private Ltd. India

Lam Research (Ireland) Limited Ireland

Lam Research Services Ltd. Israel

Lam Research (Israel) Ltd. Israel

Lam Research S.r.l. Italy

Lam Research GK Japan

Lam Research International Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia

Lam Research Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia

Lam Research Holding B.V. Netherlands

Lam Research International B.V. Netherlands

Lam Research Manufacturing Korea, LLC Republic of Korea

Lam Research Korea Technology LLC YH Republic of Korea

Lam Research Korea LLC YH Republic of Korea

Lam Research Korea Limited Republic of Korea

Lam Research Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore

Semsysco Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore

Avonysis AG Switzerland

Lam Research Holding GmbH Switzerland

Lam Research International Srl Switzerland

Lam Research (H.K.) Limited Taiwan Branch Taiwan

Lam Research Co., Ltd. Taiwan

Talus Manufacturing Limited Taiwan

Lam Research Ltd. United Kingdom

Metryx Ltd. United Kingdom

Novellus Systems, Inc. U.S. (California)

Novellus Systems International, LLC U.S. (California)

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization

Coventor, Inc. U.S. (Delaware)

Silfex, Inc. U.S. (Delaware)

Lam Research International Holding Company U.S. (Delaware)

Lam Research Capital LLC U.S. (Delaware)

Semi Mechatronics LLC U.S. (Delaware)

SpeedFam-IPEC International Services, LLC U.S. (Delaware)

All Subsidiaries are 100% owned by the Borrower or its other Subsidiaries (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law).

As of the date of the Effective Date, no Subsidiary is a Material Domestic Subsidiary.

2

SCHEDULE 3.06

LITIGATION

None.

3

SCHEDULE 6.02

LIENS

1.Liens granted under the Continuing Agreement for Standby Letters of Credit dated as of May 6, 2014, between Lam Research Corporation and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.

2.Liens granted under the Continuing Agreement for Commercial & Standby Letters of Credit dated as of October 9, 2015, between Lam Research Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its subsidiaries and affiliates.

4

EXHIBIT A

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [the] [each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the] [each, an] Assignor) and [the] [each]2 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the] [each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that rights and obligations of [the Assignors] [the Assignees]3 hereunder are several and not joint.]4 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below, receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the] [each] Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex I attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.

For an agreed consideration, [the] [each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee] [the respective Assignees], and [the] [each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor] [the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors] [the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender] [their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor] [the respective Assignors] under the respective facilities identified below (including without limitation any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)] [the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the] [any] Assignor to [the] [any] Assignee pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the] [an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the] [any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the] [any] Assignor.

1. Assignor[s]: ______________________________________________

2. Assignee[s]: ______________________________________________

[and is an [Affiliate] [Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]5]

3. Borrower(s): Lam Research Corporation 

4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit 

Agreement

5. Credit Agreement: The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025, among Lam Research Corporation, the Lenders parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 

1 For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 

2 For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language.

3 Select as applicable.

4 Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

5 Select as applicable.

A-1

N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other agents parties thereto (as further amended, the Credit Agreement)

6. Assigned Interest[s]:

Assignor[s]6 

Assignee[s]7 Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans for all Lenders8 Amount of Commitment/

Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Commitment/Loans9 

CUSIP 

Number

$ $ % 

$ $ % 

$ $ % 

[7. Trade Date: ______________________________________________]10

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

6 List each Assignor, as appropriate.

7 List each Assignee, as appropriate.

8 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

9 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

10 To be completed if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date.

A-2

Effective Date: [ ], 20[ ] [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more Credit Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:

ASSIGNOR[S]11

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: _______________________________

Name: 

Title:

ASSIGNEE[S]12

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: _______________________________

Name: 

Title:

11 Add additional signature blocks as needed. 

12 Add additional signature blocks as needed. 

A-3

[Consented to and]13 Accepted:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as

Administrative Agent

By: ________________________________

Name: 

Title:

[Consented to:]14

[____], as an Issuing Bank

By: ________________________________

Name: 

Title:

[____], as a Swingline Lender

By: ________________________________

Name: 

Title:

[Consented to:]15

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

By: ________________________________

Name: 

Title:

13 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

14 To be added only if the consent of the Issuing Bank and/or Swingline Lenders is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

15 To be added only if the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

A-4

ANNEX I

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1. Representations and Warranties.

1.1 Assignor[s]. [The] [Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the] [the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the] [such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.

1.2 Assignee[s]. [The] [Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under Section 9.04 of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required thereunder), (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire [the] [the relevant] Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the] [the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the] [the relevant] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire [the] [the relevant] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the] [the relevant] Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and (vi) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the] [such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent, [the] [any] Assignor or any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. Without limiting the foregoing, [the] [each] Assignee represents and warrants, and agrees to, each of the matters set forth in Section 8.06 of the Credit Agreement, including that the Loan Documents set out the terms of a commercial lending facility. 

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the] [each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the] [the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the] [the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by [the] [the relevant] Assignee and [the] [the relevant] Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption 

Annex I to Exhibit A

by any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

Annex I to Exhibit A

EXHIBIT B

[RESERVED]

B-1

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT

INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated [], 20[ ] (this Supplement), by and among each of the signatories hereto, to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Lam Research Corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower has the right, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to effectuate from time to time an increase in the Aggregate Commitment and/or one or more tranches of Incremental Term Loans under the Credit Agreement by requesting one or more Lenders to increase the amount of its Commitment and/or to participate in such a tranche;

WHEREAS, the Borrower has given notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to [increase the Aggregate Commitment] [and] [enter into a tranche of Incremental Term Loans] pursuant to such Section 2.20; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned Increasing Lender now desires to [increase the amount of its Commitment] [and] [participate in a tranche of Incremental Term Loans] under the Credit Agreement by executing and delivering to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent this Supplement;

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees as follows:

1.The undersigned Increasing Lender agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, that on the date of this Supplement it shall [have its Commitment increased by $[], thereby making the aggregate amount of its total Commitments equal to $[]] [and] [participate in a tranche of Incremental Term Loans with a commitment amount equal to $[] with respect thereto].

2.The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (a) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement (excluding the representations set forth in Sections 3.04(b) and 3.06(a)) are true and correct and (b) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 

3.Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein.

4.This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

5.This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

C-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written.

[INSERT NAME OF INCREASING LENDER]

By: ______________________________

Name:

Title:

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first

written above:

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

By: _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Acknowledged as of the date first written above:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.as Administrative Agent

By: _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

C-2

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT

AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated [], 20[ ] (this Supplement), by and among each of the signatories hereto, to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Lam Research Corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in Section 2.20 thereof that any bank, financial institution or other entity may [extend Commitments] [and] [participate in tranches of Incremental Term Loans] under the Credit Agreement subject to the approval of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, by executing and delivering to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement; and

WHEREAS, the undersigned Augmenting Lender is not currently a party to the Credit Agreement, but now desires to become a party thereto;

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto hereby agrees as follows:

1.The undersigned Augmenting Lender agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees that it shall, on the date of this Supplement, become a Lender for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if a party thereto, with a [Commitment with respect to Revolving Loans of $[]] [and] [a commitment with respect to Incremental Term Loans of $[]].

2.The undersigned Augmenting Lender (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this Supplement; (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and has reviewed such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Supplement; (c) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender; and (f) if it is a Foreign Lender, deliver any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement.

3.The undersigneds address for notices for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows: [].

4.The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (a) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement (excluding the representations set forth in Sections 3.04(b) and 3.06(a)) are true and correct and (b) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 

5.Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein.

6.This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

D-1

7.This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

D-2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written.

[INSERT NAME OF AUGMENTING LENDER]

By: ______________________________

Name:

Title:

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first

written above:

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

By: _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Acknowledged as of the date first written above:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.as

Administrative Agent

By: _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

D-3

EXHIBIT E

[RESERVED]

E-1

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY

GUARANTY

THIS GUARANTY (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Guaranty) is made as of [], 20[], by and among each of the undersigned (the Initial Guarantors and along with any additional Subsidiaries of the Borrower which become parties to this Guaranty by executing a supplement hereto in the form attached hereto as Annex I, each, a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors) in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations (as defined below), under the Credit Agreement referred to below. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, Lam Research Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the institutions from time to time parties thereto as lenders (the Lenders), and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent), have entered into that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), providing, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, for extensions of credit and other financial accommodations to be made by the Lenders to or for the benefit of the Borrower;

WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the extensions of credit by the Lenders under the Credit Agreement that each of the Guarantors (constituting all of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower required to execute this Guaranty pursuant to Section 5.09 of the Credit Agreement) execute and deliver this Guaranty, whereby each of the Guarantors, without limitation and with full recourse, shall guarantee the payment when due of all Obligations, including, without limitation, all principal, interest, letter of credit reimbursement obligations and other amounts that shall be at any time payable by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents; and

WHEREAS, in consideration of the direct and indirect financial and other support that the Borrower has provided, and such direct and indirect financial and other support as the Borrower may in the future provide, to the Guarantors, and in consideration of the increased ability of each Guarantor that is a Subsidiary of the Borrower to receive funds through contributions to capital, and for each Guarantor to receive funds through intercompany advances or otherwise, from funds provided to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the flexibility provided by the Credit Agreement for each Guarantor to do so which significantly facilitates the business operations of the Borrower and each Guarantor and in order to induce the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to enter into the Credit Agreement, and to make the Loans and the other financial accommodations to the Borrower and to issue the Letters of Credit described in the Credit Agreement, each of the Guarantors is willing to guarantee the Obligations of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms defined in the Credit Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have, as used herein, the respective meanings provided for therein.

SECTION 2. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Each of the Guarantors represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall be deemed to have been renewed at the time of the making, conversion or continuation of any Loan or issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit) that:

F-1

(A) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

(B) The execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the performance of the obligations contemplated hereunder are within its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. This Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor, respectively, enforceable against such Guarantor in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

(C) The execution and delivery by it of this Guaranty and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or its charter, by-laws or other organizational documents or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material indenture or other material agreement or material instrument binding upon it or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by it, (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of its assets and (e) will not require any approval of such Guarantors board of directors, shareholders, members, partners or unitholders except such as have been obtained.

In addition to the foregoing, each of the Guarantors covenants that, until the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations in cash (other than contingent indemnity obligations not yet due and payable), the termination, expiry or cash collateralization of all Letters of Credit and the termination or expiry of any and all commitments by the Lenders to make Loans and other extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement (the collective occurrence of which is referred to herein as Payment and Termination in Full) it will, and, if necessary, will enable the Borrower to, fully comply with those covenants and agreements of the Borrower applicable to such Guarantor set forth in the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 3. The Guaranty. Each of the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as primary obligor and not as surety merely, jointly with the other Guarantors and severally, the full and punctual payment and performance when due (whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) of the Obligations (other than Obligations arising or incurred to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement), including, without limitation, (i) the principal of and interest on each Loan made to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, (ii) any obligations of the Borrower to reimburse LC Disbursements (Reimbursement Obligations) and (iii) all other amounts payable by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement) (all of the foregoing being referred to collectively as the Guaranteed Obligations and the holders from time to time of the Guaranteed Obligations being referred to collectively as the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations). Upon (x) the failure by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, as applicable, to pay punctually any such amount or perform such obligation, and (y) such failure continuing beyond any applicable grace or notice and cure period to the extent applicable, each of the Guarantors agrees that it shall forthwith on demand pay such amount or perform such obligation at the place and in the manner specified in the Credit Agreement or the relevant Loan Document, as the case may be. Each of the Guarantors hereby agrees that this Guaranty is an absolute, irrevocable and unconditional guaranty of payment and is not a guaranty of collection. Each of the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees, jointly and severally with the other Guarantors, that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal, it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations immediately on demand against any cost, loss or liability they incur as a result of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates not paying any amount which would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by such Guarantor under this Guaranty on the date 

F-2

when it would have been due (but so that the amount payable by each Guarantor under this indemnity will not exceed the amount which it would have had to pay under this Guaranty if the amount claimed had been recoverable on the basis of a guaranty).

SECTION 4. Guaranty Unconditional. The obligations of each of the Guarantors hereunder shall be unconditional and absolute and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by:

(A) any extension, renewal, settlement, indulgence, compromise, waiver or release of or with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any obligation of any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether (in any such case) by operation of law or otherwise, or any failure or omission to enforce any right, power or remedy with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or any agreement relating thereto, or with respect to any obligation of any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(B) any modification or amendment of or supplement to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any such amendment which may increase the amount of, or the interest rates applicable to, any of the Obligations guaranteed hereby;

(C) any release, surrender, compromise, settlement, waiver, subordination or modification, with or without consideration, of any collateral securing the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, any other guaranties with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, or any other obligation of any person or entity with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, or any nonperfection or invalidity of any direct or indirect security for the Guaranteed Obligations;

(D) any change in the corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting the Borrower or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any of their respective assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of the Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(E) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which the Guarantors may have at any time against the Borrower, any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Administrative Agent, any Holder of Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in connection with any unrelated transactions; provided that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;

(F) the enforceability or validity of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against the Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, for any reason related to the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by the Borrower or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations, of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(G) the failure of the Administrative Agent to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, any security or collateral for the Guaranteed Obligations, if any; 

(H) the election by, or on behalf of, any one or more of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, in any proceeding instituted under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) (or any successor statute, the Bankruptcy Code), of the application of 

F-3

Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign law relating to such matters;

(I) any borrowing or grant of a security interest by the Borrower, as debtor-in-possession, under Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign law relating to such matters;

(J) the disallowance, under Section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable federal, state, provincial, municipal, local or foreign law relating to such matters, of all or any portion of the claims of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations or the Administrative Agent for repayment of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations;

(K) the failure of any other guarantor to sign or become party to this Guaranty or any amendment, change, or reaffirmation hereof; or

(L) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by the Borrower, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Administrative Agent, any Holder of Guaranteed Obligations or any other Person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this Section 4, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of any Guarantors obligations hereunder except as provided in Section 5.

SECTION 5. Continuing Guarantee; Discharge Only Upon Payment and Termination In Full; Reinstatement In Certain Circumstances. Each of the Guarantors obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and irrevocable guarantee of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred. If at any time any payment of the principal of or interest on any Loan, any Reimbursement Obligation or any other amount payable by the Borrower or any other party under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Holder of Guaranteed Obligations in its discretion), each of the Guarantors obligations hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had been due but not made at such time. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that each of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be due and payable in the same currency as such Guaranteed Obligation is denominated, but if currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that such currency (the Original Currency) no longer exists or the relevant Guarantor is not able to make payment in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by such Guarantor hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of payment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that each Guarantor takes all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 

SECTION 6. General Waivers; Additional Waivers.

(A) General Waivers. Each of the Guarantors irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand or action on delinquency, protest, the benefit of any statutes of limitations and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein or under the other Loan Documents, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against the Borrower, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other Person.

(B) Additional Waivers. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the Guarantors hereby absolutely, unconditionally, knowingly, and expressly waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law:

(i) any right it may have to revoke this Guaranty as to future indebtedness or notice of acceptance hereof;

F-4

(ii) (a) notice of acceptance hereof; (b) notice of any Loans, Letters of Credit or other financial accommodations made or extended under the Loan Documents or the creation or existence of any Guaranteed Obligations; (c) notice of the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, subject, however, to each Guarantors right to make inquiry of the Administrative Agent and Holders of Guaranteed Obligations to ascertain the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations at any reasonable time; (d) notice of any adverse change in the financial condition of the Borrower or of any other fact that might increase such Guarantors risk hereunder; (e) notice of presentment for payment, demand, protest, and notice thereof as to any instruments among the Loan Documents; (f) notice of any Default or Event of Default; and (g) all other notices (except if such notice is specifically required to be given to such Guarantor hereunder or under the Loan Documents) and demands to which each Guarantor might otherwise be entitled;

(iii) its right, if any, to require the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations to institute suit against, or to exhaust any rights and remedies which the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations has or may have against, the other Guarantors or any third party, or against any collateral provided by the other Guarantors, or any third party; and each Guarantor further waives any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense (other than the defense that the Guaranteed Obligations shall have been fully and finally performed and indefeasibly paid in full in cash) of the other Guarantors or by reason of the cessation from any cause whatsoever of the liability of the other Guarantors in respect thereof;

(iv) (a) any rights to assert against the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations any defense (legal or equitable), set-off, counterclaim, or claim which such Guarantor may now or at any time hereafter have against the other Guarantors or any other party liable to the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations (other than Payment and Termination in Full); (b) any defense, set-off, counterclaim, or claim, of any kind or nature, arising directly or indirectly from the present or future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity, or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor; (c) any defense such Guarantor has to performance hereunder, and any right such Guarantor has to be exonerated, arising by reason of: the impairment or suspension of the Administrative Agents and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations rights or remedies against the other Guarantors; the alteration by the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations of the Guaranteed Obligations; any discharge of the other Guarantors obligations to the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations by operation of law as a result of the Administrative Agents and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations intervention or omission; or the acceptance by the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations of anything in partial satisfaction of the Guaranteed Obligations; and (d) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Guarantors liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof, and any act which shall defer or delay the operation of any statute of limitations applicable to the Guaranteed Obligations shall similarly operate to defer or delay the operation of such statute of limitations applicable to such Guarantors liability hereunder; and

(v) any defense arising by reason of or deriving from (a) any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations; or (b) any election by the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations under Section 1111(b) of Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as now and hereafter in effect (or any successor statute), to limit the amount of, or any collateral securing, its claim against the Guarantors.

SECTION 7. Subordination of Subrogation; Subordination of Intercompany Indebtedness.

(A) Subordination of Subrogation. Until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred, the Guarantors (i) shall have no right of subrogation with respect to such Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) waive any right to enforce any remedy which the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, the Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent now have or may hereafter have against the Borrower, any endorser or any guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or 

F-5

any other Person, and (iii) waive any benefit of, and any right to participate in, any security or collateral given to the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent to secure the payment or performance of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other liability of the Borrower to the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations or the Issuing Bank. Should any Guarantor have the right, notwithstanding the foregoing, to exercise its subrogation rights, each Guarantor hereby expressly and irrevocably (A) subordinates any and all rights at law or in equity to subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, indemnification or set off that such Guarantor may have to the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred and (B) waives any and all defenses available to a surety, guarantor or accommodation co-obligor until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that this subordination is intended to benefit the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations and shall not limit or otherwise affect such Guarantors liability hereunder or the enforceability of this Guaranty, and that the Administrative Agent, the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations and their respective successors and assigns are intended third party beneficiaries of the waivers and agreements set forth in this Section 7(A).

(B) Subordination of Intercompany Indebtedness. Each Guarantor agrees that any and all claims of such Guarantor against the Borrower or any other Guarantor hereunder (each, an Obligor) with respect to any Intercompany Indebtedness (as hereinafter defined), any endorser, obligor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or against any of its properties shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the prior payment, in full and in cash, of all Guaranteed Obligations; provided that, as long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent instructs such Guarantor otherwise, such Guarantor may receive payments of principal and interest from any Obligor with respect to Intercompany Indebtedness. Notwithstanding any right of any Guarantor to ask, demand, sue for, take or receive any payment from any Obligor, all rights, liens and security interests of such Guarantor, whether now or hereafter arising and howsoever existing, in any assets of any other Obligor shall be and are subordinated to the rights of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations and the Administrative Agent in those assets. No Guarantor shall have any right to possession of any such asset or to foreclose upon any such asset, whether by judicial action or otherwise, unless and until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred and all financing arrangements pursuant to any Loan Document have been terminated. If all or any part of the assets of any Obligor, or the proceeds thereof, are subject to any distribution, division or application to the creditors of such Obligor, whether partial or complete, voluntary or involuntary, and whether by reason of liquidation, bankruptcy, arrangement, receivership, assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other action or proceeding, or if the business of any such Obligor is dissolved or if substantially all of the assets of any such Obligor are sold, then, and in any such event (such events being herein referred to as an Insolvency Event), any payment or distribution of any kind or character, either in cash, securities or other property, which shall be payable or deliverable upon or with respect to any indebtedness of any Obligor to any Guarantor (Intercompany Indebtedness) shall be paid or delivered directly to the Administrative Agent for application on any of the Guaranteed Obligations, due or to become due, until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred. Should any payment, distribution, security or instrument or proceeds thereof be received by the applicable Guarantor upon or with respect to the Intercompany Indebtedness after any Insolvency Event and prior to Payment and Termination in Full and the termination of all financing arrangements pursuant to any Loan Document among the Borrower and the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, such Guarantor shall receive and hold the same in trust, as trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations and shall forthwith deliver the same to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, in precisely the form received (except for the endorsement or assignment of such Guarantor where necessary), for application to any of the Guaranteed Obligations, due or not due, and, until so delivered, the same shall be held in trust by the Guarantor as the property of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations. If any such Guarantor fails to make any such endorsement or assignment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of its officers or employees is irrevocably authorized to make the same. Each Guarantor agrees that until Payment and Termination in Full has occurred, no Guarantor will assign or transfer to any Person (other 

F-6

than the Administrative Agent) any claim any such Guarantor has or may have against any Obligor.

SECTION 8. Contribution with Respect to Guaranteed Obligations.

(A) To the extent that any Guarantor shall make a payment under this Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment) which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Guarantor if each Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Guarantors Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Guarantors as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following Payment and Termination in Full, such Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment.

(B) As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Guarantors as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions.

(C) This Section 8 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 8 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Guaranty.

(D) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Guarantor or Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing.

(E) The rights of the indemnifying Guarantors against other Guarantors under this Section 8 shall be exercisable upon Payment and Termination in Full.

SECTION 9. Limitation of Guaranty. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar federal or state statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Guarantors obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Guarantor may have under this Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account.

SECTION 10. Stay of Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any amount payable by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall nonetheless be payable by each of the Guarantors hereunder forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 11. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be given in the manner prescribed in Article IX of the Credit Agreement with respect to the Administrative 

F-7

Agent at its notice address therein and with respect to any Guarantor, in care of the Borrower at the address of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement or such other address or telecopy number as such party may hereafter specify for such purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of such Article IX.

SECTION 12. No Waivers. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any other Holder of Guaranteed Obligations in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies provided in this Guaranty, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

SECTION 13. Successors and Assigns. This Guaranty is for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided, that no Guarantor shall have any right to assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the consent of all of the Lenders, and any such assignment in violation of this Section 13 shall be null and void; and in the event of an assignment of any amounts payable under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents in accordance with the respective terms thereof, the rights hereunder, to the extent applicable to the indebtedness so assigned, may be transferred with such indebtedness. This Guaranty shall be binding upon each of the Guarantors and their respective successors and assigns.

SECTION 14. Changes in Writing. Other than in connection with the addition of additional Subsidiaries, which become parties hereto by executing a supplement hereto in the form attached as Annex I, neither this Guaranty nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, but only in writing signed by each of the Guarantors and the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 15. GOVERNING LAW. THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 16. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; JURY TRIAL; SERVICE OF PROCESS.

(A) CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH GUARANTOR AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE ISSUING BANK OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(B) EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LEGALLY AND EFFECTIVELY DO SO, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (A) OF THIS SECTION. EACH GUARANTOR 

F-8

HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(C) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH GUARANTOR HEREBY (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS GUARANTY BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

(D) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN ARTICLE IX OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. NOTHING IN THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO THIS GUARANTY TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW.

SECTION 17. No Strict Construction. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Guaranty. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Guaranty shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Guaranty.

SECTION 18. Taxes, Expenses of Enforcement, Etc.

(A) Taxes.

(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Guarantor hereunder or under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(ii) The Guarantors shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes.

(iii) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Guarantor to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, such Guarantor shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

F-9

(iv) The Guarantors shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable by such Recipient in connection with any Loan Document (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(v) By accepting the benefits hereof, each Lender agrees that it will comply with Section 2.17(f) of the Credit Agreement.

(B) Expenses of Enforcement, Etc. The Guarantors agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent and the other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations for any reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys fees) paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent or any other Holder of Guaranteed Obligations in connection with the collection and enforcement of amounts due under the Loan Documents, including without limitation this Guaranty.

SECTION 19. Setoff. At any time after all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations have become due and payable (by acceleration or otherwise), each Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent) and its Affiliates may, without notice to any Guarantor and regardless of the acceptance of any security or collateral for the payment hereof, appropriate and apply in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement toward the payment of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (i) any indebtedness due or to become due from such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations or the Administrative Agent to any Guarantor, and (ii) any moneys, credits or other property belonging to any Guarantor, at any time held by or coming into the possession of such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent) or any of their Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor against any of and all the Guaranteed Obligations, irrespective of whether or not such Secured Party or the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand under this Guaranty and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Holder of Guaranteed Obligations or the Administrative Agent under this Section 19 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations or the Administrative Agent may have.

SECTION 20. Financial Information. Each Guarantor hereby assumes responsibility for keeping itself informed of the financial condition of the Borrower, the other Guarantors and any and all endorsers and/or other guarantors of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof, that diligent inquiry would reveal, and each Guarantor hereby agrees that none of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent) shall have any duty to advise such Guarantor of information known to any of them regarding such condition or any such circumstances. In the event any Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), in its sole discretion, undertakes at any time or from time to time to provide any such information to a Guarantor, such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent) shall be under no obligation (i) to undertake any investigation not a part of its regular business routine, (ii) to disclose any information which such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), pursuant to accepted or reasonable commercial finance or banking practices, wishes to maintain confidential or (iii) to make any other or future disclosures of such information or any other information to such Guarantor.

SECTION 21. Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Guaranty shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Guaranty shall be prohibited by or invalid under such law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Guaranty.

SECTION 22. Merger. This Guaranty represents the final agreement of each of the Guarantors with respect to the matters contained herein and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior or contemporaneous 

F-10

agreements, or subsequent oral agreements, between the Guarantor and any Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent).

SECTION 23. Headings. Section headings in this Guaranty are for convenience of reference only and shall not govern the interpretation of any provision of this Guaranty.

SECTION 24. Judgment Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Guarantor hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency) into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agents main New York City office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of each Guarantor in respect of any sum due hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by any Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), as the case may be, may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), as the case may be, in the specified currency, each Guarantor agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) amounts shared with other Holders of Guaranteed Obligations as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such other Holder of Guaranteed Obligations under Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement, such Holder of Guaranteed Obligations (including the Administrative Agent), as the case may be, agrees, by accepting the benefits hereof, to remit such excess to such Guarantor.

SECTION 25. Termination of Guaranty. The obligations of any Guarantor under this Guaranty shall automatically terminate in accordance with Section 9.14 of the Credit Agreement.

SECTION 26. Counterparts. This Guaranty may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Guaranty by telecopy, e-mailed .pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Guaranty. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Guaranty and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]

F-11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Initial Guarantors has caused this Guaranty to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of the day and year first above written.

[GUARANTORS]

By: ______________________________

Name:

Title:

F-12

Acknowledged and Agreed

as of the date first written above:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

F-13

ANNEX I TO GUARANTY

Reference is hereby made to the Guaranty (the Guaranty) made as of [], 20[], by and among [GUARANTORS TO COME] (the Initial Guarantors and along with any additional Subsidiaries of the Borrower, which become parties thereto and together with the undersigned, the Guarantors) in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Holders of Guaranteed Obligations, under the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Guaranty. By its execution below, the undersigned [NAME OF NEW GUARANTOR], a [corporation] [partnership] [limited liability company] (the New Guarantor), agrees to become, and does hereby become, a Guarantor under the Guaranty and agrees to be bound by such Guaranty as if originally a party thereto. By its execution below, the undersigned represents and warrants as to itself that all of the representations and warranties contained in Section 2 of the Guaranty are true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Guarantor has executed and delivered this Annex I counterpart to the Guaranty as of this [] day of [], 20[ ].

[NAME OF NEW GUARANTOR]

By: ______________________________

Name:

Title:

Annex I to Exhibit F

EXHIBIT G-1

FORM OF

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Lam Research Corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF LENDER]

By _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Date: [ ], 20[]

G-1-1

EXHIBIT G-2

FORM OF

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Lam Research Corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Date: [ ], 20[]

G-2-1

EXHIBIT G-3

FORM OF

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Lam Research Corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Date: [ ], 20[]

G-3-1

EXHIBIT G-4

FORM OF

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among Lam Research Corporation (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.

[NAME OF LENDER]

By _______________________________________

Name:

Title:

Date: [], 20[]

G-4-1

EXHIBIT H-1

[RESERVED]

H-1-1

EXHIBIT H-2

[RESERVED]

H-2-1

EXHIBIT I

FORM OF

NOTE

[], 2025

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY PROMISES TO PAY to the [NAME OF LENDER] or its registered assigns (the Lender) the aggregate unpaid Dollar Amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) on the Maturity Date or on such earlier date as may be required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are as defined in the Credit Agreement.

The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made to it from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full at a rate or rates per annum determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. Interest hereunder is due and payable at such times and on such dates as set forth in the Credit Agreement.

At the time of each Loan, and upon each payment or prepayment of principal of each Loan, the Lender shall make a notation either on the schedule attached hereto and made a part hereof, or in such Lenders own books and records, in each case specifying the amount of such Loan, the respective Interest Period thereof (in the case of Term Benchmark Loans) or the amount of principal paid or prepaid with respect to such Loan, as applicable; provided that the failure of the Lender to make any such recordation or notation shall not affect the Obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the Credit Agreement.

This Note is one of the notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2025 by and among the Borrower, the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of Loans by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the Dollar Amount of such Lenders Commitment, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Loan to it being evidenced by this Note, and (ii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments of the principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified.

Demand, presentment, protest and notice of nonpayment and protest are hereby waived by the Borrower.

Whenever in this Note reference is made to the Administrative Agent, the Lender or the Borrower, such reference shall be deemed to include, as applicable, a reference to their respective successors and assigns. The provisions of this Note shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of said successors and assigns. The Borrowers successors and assigns shall include, without limitation, a receiver, trustee or debtor in possession of or for the Borrower.

This Note shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.

*****

I-1

LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

By: _______________________________

Name:

Title:

I-2

SCHEDULE OF LOANS AND PAYMENTS OR PREPAYMENTS

Date Amount of Loan Type of Loan Currency Interest Period/Rate Amount of Principal Paid or Prepaid Unpaid Principal Balance Notation Made By

I-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>lrcx-20250127.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>lrcx-20250127_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>lrcx-20250127_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover page

Jan. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 27, 2025

Entity Registrant Name LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 0-12933

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-2634797

Entity Address, Address Line One 4650 Cushing Parkway

Entity Address, City or Town Fremont

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94538

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 572-0200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share

Trading Symbol LRCX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000707549

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover page 
Sheet 
http://www.lamresearch.com/role/Coverpage 
Cover page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lrcx-20250127.htm 
lrcx-20250127.xsd 
lrcx-20250127_lab.xml 
lrcx-20250127_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000707549-25-000011-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>lrcx-20250127_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000707549 

2025-01-27 
2025-01-27 

false 
0000707549 
8-K 
2025-01-27 
LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION 
DE 
0-12933 
94-2634797 
4650 Cushing Parkway 
Fremont 
CA 
94538 
510 
572-0200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share 
LRCX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>