<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-023618.txt : 20250220
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-023618.hdr.sgml : 20250220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250219204414
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-023618
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CV Sciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001510964
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				800944970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54677
		FILM NUMBER:		25642884

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9530 PADGETT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 107
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92126
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-290-2157

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9530 PADGETT STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 107
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92126

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CannaVEST Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Foreclosure Solutions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110124
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cvsi-20250212.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001510964February 12, 2025 00015109642025-02-122025-02-12

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 12, 2025 

CV SCIENCES, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

000-54677 

80-0944970

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

9530 Padgett Street, Suite 107

San Diego, California 

92126

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (866) 290-2157

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On February 12, 2025, CV Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company) entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (Purchase Agreement) with an institutional investor (Investor), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to the Investor a Secured Promissory Note in the original principal amount of $1,600,000 (the Note). The Note carries an original issuance discount of $400,000 which was deducted from the proceeds of the Note received by the Company which resulted in a purchase price received by the Company of $1,200,000 (the Purchase Price). In addition, the Company agreed to pay $10,000 to the Investor to cover its legal fees.

The unpaid amount of the Note, any interest, fees, charges and late fees accrued shall be due and payable on August 12, 2026 (the Maturity Date). The Company is required to make monthly repayments to the investor starting on June 12, 2025 of $106,666.67. The Company can pay all or any portion of the outstanding balance earlier than it is due without penalty. In the event the Company repays the Note in full on or before August 13, 2025, the Company will receive a $100,000 discount from the outstanding balance. The Note is secured by all of the Companys assets and assets of the Company's subsidiaries pursuant to a Security Agreement entered into with the Investor on February 12, 2025 (the Security Agreement). In addition, the Company and its subsidiaries entered into an Intellectual Property Security Agreement with the Investor pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries granted to the Investor a security interest in the Company's intellectual property. No additional interest will accrue on the Note unless and until an occurrence of an Event of Default (as discussed below).

The Note provides for customary events of default (each as defined in the Note, an "Event of Default"), including, among other things, the nonpayment when due of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, a representation or warranty proving to have been incorrect when made, failure to perform or observe covenants within a specified cure period, a cross-default to certain other indebtedness and material agreements of the Company, and the occurrence of a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar event affecting the Company. Upon the occurrence of certain significant Events of Default as specified in the Note, the Investor may increase the outstanding balance of the Note by 20%, and upon the occurrence of certain Events of Default, the Investor may increase the outstanding balance of the Note by 5%. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Investor may declare all amounts owed under the Note immediately due and payable. In addition, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, interest shall begin accruing on the outstanding balance of the Note from the date of the Event of Default equal to the lesser of 18% per annum and the maximum rate allowable under law.

The preceding descriptions of the Purchase Agreement, Note, Security Agreement, and Intellectual Property Security Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Purchase Agreement, Note, Security Agreement, and Intellectual Property Security Agreement of which are filed as exhibits to this report and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

10.1 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 12, 2025 (confidential portions of the exhibit have been omitted where indicated)

10.2 

Senior Secured Note due August 12, 2026 (confidential portions of the exhibit have been omitted where indicated)

10.3 

Security Agreement dated February 12, 2025 (confidential portions of the exhibit have been omitted where indicated)

10.4 

Intellectual Property Security Agreement dated February 12, 2025 (confidential portion of the exhibit have been omitted where indicated)

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CV SCIENCES, INC.

Date: February 19, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Joseph Dowling

Joseph Dowling

Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cvsi-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

[Certain information has been excluded because it both (i) is not material and (ii) is the type the Company treats as private or confidential]

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as February 12, 2025, among CV Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation whose principal place of business is located at 9530 Padgett Street, Suite 107, San Diego, CA 92126 (the Company) and the Purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (including its successors and assigns, the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to

Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agrees as set forth below.

ARTICLE I

1.1

The following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1:

Action shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking institutions in the State of Delaware are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

Cash Collateral Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7.

Change of Control means the occurrence of any of (i) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) other than a group including Joseph Dowling and Joerg Grasser (or any entity or trust under their control), of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50% of the voting securities of the Company, or (ii) the Company merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, or (iii) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (iv) a replacement at one time or within a three year period of more than one-half of the members of the Companys board of

Page 1 of 27

directors which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the date hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors on any date whose nomination to the board of directors was approved by a majority of the members of the board of directors who are members on the date hereof), or (v) Joseph Dowling or Joerg Grasser shall no longer be employed by the Company as CEO and CFO, respectively, and 30 days has elapsed since such occurrence or (vi) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in (i) through (v) above.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing Date means the Business Day when all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchaser obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Note have been satisfied or waived.

Collateral shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Security Agreement.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Disclosure Schedules shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1 hereof.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

GAAP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h) hereof.

IP Security Agreement means the Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Purchaser.

Liens means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b) hereof.

Material Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(m).

Note means the Senior Secured Note due August 12, 2026 in aggregate principal amount of $1,600,000, issued by the Company to the Purchaser hereunder.

OFAC shall mean the United States Department of the Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Page 2 of 27

OFAC Regulations shall mean the regulations promulgated by OFAC, as amended from time to time.

Permitted Indebtedness shall mean the Indebtedness set forth on Schedule 1.1(a).

Permitted Liens shall mean Permitted Liens as defined in the Note, and the Liens set forth on Schedule 1.1(b).

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Qualified Offering means an offering of equity or debt securities for gross proceeds to the Company of not less than $5.0 million.

SEC or Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities means the Note received by the Purchaser hereunder.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Purchaser.

Security Documents means the Security Agreement and any other documents and filings required thereunder, including without limitation the IP Security Agreement (all UCC-1 and IP filing receipts) in order to grant the Purchaser a perfected security interest on all of the current and future assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries described therein.

Short Sales include, without limitation, (a) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and (b) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers.

Subscription Amount means, as to the Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Note purchased hereunder as specified below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States Dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a).

Subsidiary Guarantee means the Guarantee, dated the date hereof, of the Subsidiary Guarantors.

Page 3 of 27

Subsidiary Guarantors means each of Star Sky Foods, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Cultured Foods Sp. z.o.o, a Polish limited liability company, and Elevated Softgels, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

Trading Day means a day on which the Principal Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means and of the OTCQB, New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the Nasdaq Global Market, or any successors of any of these exchanges on which the Securities is listed.

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Note, the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantee, the IP Security Agreement, the Cash Collateral Agreement (when executed and delivered by the parties thereto), and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Purchaseragrees to purchase from the Company and the Company agrees to sell to the Purchaser the aggregate principal amount of the Note, set forth opposite the name of the Purchaser on the signature page hereto, for the purchase price set forth on such page, which shall be payable to the Company at the Closing by wire transfer of immediately available funds. The Note shall be purchased for $1,200,000 resulting in an original issue discount of 25%.

At the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Company via wire transfer immediately available funds equal to its Subscription Amount and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser its Note and the other items set forth in Section 2.2 issuable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.2, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Company, or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

2.2

Deliveries.

a)

On the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser the following and shall have satisfied the following conditions, as the case may be:

(i)

this Agreement, duly executed by the Company;

(ii)

a duly executed Note with a principal amount equal to the amount set forth on the signature page hereto, registered in the name of the Purchaser, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto;

(iii)

the Security Agreement, duly executed by the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto;

(iv)

the Subsidiary Guarantee, duly executed by the Subsidiary Guarantors, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto; 

(v)

Certificates of the Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company, in the form of Exhibit D, certifying as to (a) copies of the Certificate of 

Page 4 of 27

Incorporation and bylaws of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, as amended and restated as of the date hereof, (b) all actions taken and consents made by such party and its officers and shareholders as applicable to authorize the transactions provided by the Transaction Documents, (c) the names of the officers of such party authorized to sign the Transaction Documents , together with a sample of the true signature of such Person, (d) all conditions set forth in this Section 2.2 and 2.3 have been met by such party, and (e) no event has occurred or such party anticipates occurring that has resulted in an Event of Defaultunder the Note or with the passage of time would result in an Event of Default under the Note;

(vi)

the IP Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto, by and between the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Purchaser.

(vii)

Certificates of good standing for the Company and Subsidiaries of the Company, in their respective jurisdictions of incorporation or formation, as applicable; 

(viii)

Stock certificates (if any) of the Subsidiary Guarantors; and

(ix)

Payoff agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC..

b)

On the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following:

(i)

this Agreement duly executed by the Purchaser;

(ii)

the Purchaser Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account of the Company; 

(iii)

the Security Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser; and

(iv)

the IP Security Agreement, duly executed by the Purchaser. 

2.3

Closing Conditions.

a)

The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)

the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein;

(ii)

all obligations, covenants and agreements of Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed in all material respects; and

(iii)

the delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

Page 5 of 27

b)

The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)

the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein;

(ii)

all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company and its Subsidiaries required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)

such Purchaser shall be reasonably satisfied with the results of its due diligence investigation of the Company;

(iv)

no statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents;

(v)

the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(vi)

Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably could be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company;

(vii)

no banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or New York State authorities, no suspension of trading shall have been declared on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market, nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial markets which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Note at the Closing;

(viii)

the Company shall have no outstanding indebtedness, other than (A) that in favor of the Purchaser pursuant to the Note, (B) indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the purchase of equipment, and other trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (C) indebtedness set forth on the Schedule 2.3(b)(viii) hereto; 

(ix)

No other securities of the Company outstanding after the use of proceeds hereof (i) shall be in default or (ii) shall reset (or shall have exercised any rights to convert into the Securities) as a result of the issuance of the Note; and 

(x)

No other parties shall have exercised participation rights in this offering. It being understood that it is a condition to the Purchasers provision of financing hereby that no other investor participate herein, without its consent.

Page 6 of 27

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the DisclosureSchedule which shall be deemed a part hereof, the Company hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth below to the Purchaser.

a)

Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries and limited liability corporations of the Company are set forth in Schedule 3.1(a) hereto. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of or interests in each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

b)

Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation or default in any material respect of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Documents, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys or its Subsidiaries ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

c)

Authorization; Enforcement. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its respective obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all action on the part of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and no further action is required by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries in connection therewith. Each Transaction Document has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company and such Subsidiaries enforceable against the Company and such Subsidiaries in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

Page 7 of 27

d)

No Conflicts. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(d), the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and the consummation by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries of the other transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary , or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations, assuming Purchasers compliance with its representations and warranties under Section 3.2), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Companys knowledge, such as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

e)

Filings, Consents and Approvals. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(e) hereto, neither the Company, nor its Subsidiaries are required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company or such Subsidiaries of the Transaction Documents, other than the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws.

f)

Issuance of the Note. The Note is duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents. 

g)

Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company and its Subsidiaries is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g). Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company and the Subsidiaries have no indebtedness for money borrowed other than Permitted Indebtedness. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), the Company has not issued any capital stock since November 15, 2024. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock of the Company, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of common stock, of the Company or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of Common Stock of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchaser) and will not result in a right of the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock in the Company 

Page 8 of 27

and its Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in material compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to Companys or any of its Subsidiaries capital stock to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company or such Subsidiary, between or among any of the Companys stockholders or any stockholder of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money except for Permitted Indebtedness and the indebtedness described in Schedule 3.1 (g) hereto.

h)

Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, registration statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) including pursuant to Section 13(a) for the one year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law to file such documents) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.1(h), the financial statements of Company (the Financial Statements) included in the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in the Financial Statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

i)

Material Changes. Since November 15, 2024, except as disclosed in SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys, its Subsidiaries financial statements pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing stock option plans.

j)

Litigation. Other than as set forth in Schedule 3.1 (j) hereto, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company , any Subsidiary, or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, 

Page 9 of 27

state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any Subsidiary or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary.

k)

Labor Relations. No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company or Subsidiary, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

l)

Compliance, Material Contracts. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l) hereto, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement, services, marketing or processing agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body, or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws applicable to its business except in each case as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l), each Material Contractis in full force and effect and is enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no material defaults enforceable against the Company or any Subsidiary exist thereunder. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice from any party to any Material Contract stating that it intends to terminate or amend such contract. Material Contract means any contract where any consideration to be paid or received by the Company is in excess of $50,000 or is filed or furnished as an exhibit to any report or registration statement filed with the SEC.

m)

Regulatory Permits and Licenses. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations, memberships, sponsorships and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities or other Person necessary to conduct their respective businesses and are in good standing under all such certificates, authorizations, memberships, sponsorship and permits, except where the failure to possess such permits could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

n)

Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens and Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the 

Page 10 of 27

Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance.

o)

Intellectual Property. The term Proprietary Assets means all patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trademark and service mark applications, trade names, copyright registrations, domain names ,and licenses currently owned and/or used by the Company (which for purposes of this subsection shall include its Subsidiaries) or necessary for the conduct of the Companys business as currently conducted or proposed to be conducted, as well as any agreement under which the Company has access to any intellectual property or confidential information used by the Company in its business. Schedule 3.1(o) sets forth all Proprietary Assets necessary, to the Companys knowledge, to conduct the Companys business as currently conducted or as presently proposed to be conducted except where the failure to possess such Proprietary Assets would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company owns, or has the right to use under the agreements or upon the terms described on Schedule 3.1(o), all of the Proprietary Assets and has taken actions reasonable in light of its financial position to protect the Proprietary Assets. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(o), the Company does not require any license or other agreement to use any of the Proprietary Assets, except for licenses or agreements that can be obtained in the ordinary course of business without unreasonable effort, delay, cost, or expense. Except as described in Schedule 3.1(o), the Company is not bound by or a party to any options, licenses, or agreements of any kind with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) of any other Person and, to the Companys knowledge, there are no outstanding options, licenses, or agreements of any kind relating to the Proprietary Assets. With respect to each item of the Companys Proprietary Assets that any third party owns and that the Company uses pursuant to license, sublicense, agreement or permission: (i) the license, as it relates to the Company is legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect in all material respects; (ii) the Company is not, and to the Companys knowledge, no other party to the license, sublicense, agreement or permission is in material breach or default, and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a material breach or default or permit termination, modification or acceleration thereunder; (iii) the Company has not, and to the Companys knowledge, no other party to the license, sublicense, agreement or permission has repudiated any material provision thereof; and (iv) the Company has not granted any sublicense or similar right with respect to the license, sublicense, agreement or permission other than as expressly permitted by such license, sublicense, agreement or permission. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(o), to the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, or stockholder of the Company owns any rights in any Intellectual Property Rights directly or indirectly competitive with those owned or to be used by the Company or derived from or in connection with the conduct of the Companys business. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(o), to the Companys knowledge it is not now necessary to use any inventions or works of authorship of its employees made outside of their employment by the Company. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(o), the Company has obtained from all of the Companys current and former officers, employees and consultants assignments to all inventions developed or conceived during their association with the Company and relating to its business. The Company has not granted rights to manufacture, produce, assemble, license, market, or sell its products to any other person. The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights necessary or material for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights). The Companys Intellectual Property Rights are as set forth on Schedule 3.1 (o) hereto. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a written notice that the Intellectual Property Rights used by the Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon the rights of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable 

Page 11 of 27

and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights of others.

p)

Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

q)

Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(q), none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary , none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, in each case in excess of $10,000 other than (i) for payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) for other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company or any Subsidiary.

r)

Certain Fees. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r), no brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type described in the previous sentence that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

s)

Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchaser representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Purchaser as contemplated hereby. 

t)

Investment Company. The Company, its Subsidiaries is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act). The Company and its Subsidiaries shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act.

u)

Registration Rights. Except as contemplated by the transactions hereunder or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(u), no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company.

v)

Reserved.

w)

Disclosure. All disclosure provided to the Purchaser in the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement with respect to the representations and warranties made herein are true and correct with respect to such representations and warranties and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 

Page 12 of 27

omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company and its Subsidiaries acknowledge and agree that the Purchaser makes no nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

x)

No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchaser representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Note to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company or its Subsidiaries for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable shareholder approval provisions.

y)

Solvency. For purposes of this representation, the term the Company shall include all of its Subsidiaries. Based on the financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the receipt by the Company and its Subsidiaries of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder and the application of the proceeds thereof, (i) the Companys fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature; (ii) the Companys assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business for the current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Companys, and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof; and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(g) sets forth all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company, its Subsidiaries or for which any such party has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness shall mean (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $10,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in such partys balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $10,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. There does not exist an Event of Default on any indebtedness of the Company nor any Subsidiary.

z)

Environmental Matters. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(z), the Company and each its Subsidiaries (a) is in compliance with any and all Environmental Laws (as herein defined), (b) has received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of it under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its respective businesses and (c) is in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, in each case except to the extent such noncompliance or non-receipt would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The term Environmental Laws means all applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws 

Page 13 of 27

relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

aa)

Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each Subsidiary has filed all necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon (except for those contested in good faith), and the Company has no knowledge of a tax deficiency which has been asserted or threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary.

bb)

No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act.

cc)

Foreign Corrupt Practices; Patriot Act, etc. For purposes of this representation, the term the Company shall include all of its Subsidiaries. Neither The Company, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any corrupt funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001) (the Act). No part of the proceeds of the Note will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a Person named on a list published by OFAC or a Person with whom dealings are prohibited under any OFAC Regulations.

dd)

Seniority. As of the Closing Date, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(dd) hereto no Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), equity or other security of the Company or the Subsidiaries is senior to, or pari passu with, the Note in right of payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise.

ee)

No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company or any Subsidiary to arise, between the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company or any Subsidiary and, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(ee), the Company and each Subsidiary is current with 

Page 14 of 27

respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers. By making this representation, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries does not, in any manner, waive the attorney/client privilege or the confidentiality of the communications between the Company and its Subsidiaries and its lawyers. The Companys accountants are set forth on Schedule 3.1(ee) of the Disclosure Schedule. To the knowledge of the Company, such accountants, who have expressed and who are expected to express their opinion with respect to the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, are a registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act.

ff)

Rule 506(d) Bad Actor Disqualification Representations and Covenants.

(i)

No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors, affiliates, executive officers, other officer of the Company or any Subsidiary participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, directors, or any beneficial owner (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of 20% or more of the Companys or such Subsidiaries outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company or such Subsidiary in any capacity as of the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company and its Subsidiaries has exercised reasonable care to determine (i) the identity of each person that is a Company Covered Person; and (ii) whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company and its Subsidiaries will comply with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e).

(ii)

Other Covered Persons. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is aware of any person (other than any Company Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration in connection with the Note that is subject to a Disqualification Event (each an Other Covered Person).

(iii)

Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Purchaser immediately in writing upon becoming aware of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and/or Other Covered Person.

gg)

Reserved.

hh)

Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in material compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which are applicable to it as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable 

Page 15 of 27

assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and its Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the Company's most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, is being prepared. The Company's certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's controls and procedures as of the date prior to the filing date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Company's (or any Subsidiarys) internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 307(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) or, to the Company's (or any Subsidiarys) knowledge, in other factors that could significantly affect the Company's (or any Subsidiarys) internal controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries have knowledge (upon receipt of the proceeds of this transaction) that the Companys independent public accountants have issued an audit letter containing a going concern opinion in connection with the Companys annual report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) under the Exchange Act for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.

ii)

Variable Rate Securities. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(jj), the Company has not directly and/or indirectly entered into, nor has any agreement, intention and/or obligation to enter into any Variable Rate Transaction.

jj)

Disclosure Schedules. References in this Section 3.1 to Disclosure Schedules shall qualify all applicable representations or warranties to which the subject matter of that Disclosure Schedule relates or may relate, regardless of whether such Disclosure Schedule is referenced directly in a corresponding representation or warranty or contained in different section of this Section 3.1.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows:

a)

Organization; Authority. The Purchaser is an entity duly organized under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with full right, corporate, limited liability company or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or similar action on the part of the Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific 

Page 16 of 27

performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

b)

Purchaser Representation. The Purchaser understands that the Note is a 

restricted security and has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Note as principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Note or any part thereof, has no present intention of distributing any of such Note in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable securities laws and has no arrangement or understanding with any other persons regarding the distribution of such Note (this representation and warranty not limiting the Purchasers right to sell the Note pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by such Purchaser to hold the Note for any period of time. The Purchaser understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the Purchasers control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities. The Purchaser acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment.

The Purchaser understands that any certificates or book entry notations evidencing the Securities may bear one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

c)

Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Note, it was, and at the date hereof it is either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

d)

Experience of the Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

Page 17 of 27

e)

General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Note as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Note published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

f)

The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Purchaser and the observance and performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement on the part of the Purchaser to be observed and performed will not constitute a violation of applicable law or any provision of any contract or other instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound, or any order, writ, injunction, decree statute, rule or regulation applicable to it.

g)

No insolvency proceedings of any character, including without limitation, bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, composition or arrangement with creditors, voluntary or involuntary, designating the Purchaser or any Affiliate as the bankrupt or the insolvent, are pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened and the Purchaser has not made an assignment for the benefit of creditors, nor has Purchaser taken any action with a view to, or which would constitute the basis for, the institution of any such insolvency proceedings.

h)

The Purchaser has no liability or obligation to pay fees or commissions to any broker, finder, or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

i)

Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the Purchaser was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date of this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement and to its advisors and agents who had a need to know such information, the Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).

The Company and its Subsidiaries acknowledge and agree that the Purchaser does not make or have not made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. The Company and the Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation the press release referenced above). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal or state

Page 18 of 27

securities law and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide such Purchaser with notice of such disclosure permitted under subclause (i) or (ii).

4.2 Investment Company Act. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act.

4.3 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Note hereunder for certain specified items as follows: (i) approximately $480,000to refinance all outstanding indebtedness owing to Streeterville Capital LLC, (ii) approximately $672,000 (comprised of approximately $97,000 capital expenditures for Elevated Softgels, approximately $100,000 for working capital for Elevated Softgels, approximately $300,000 to repay outstanding payables and $200,000 of working capital for the Company (excluding Elevated Softgels) for working capital and other general corporate purposes and (iii) $48,000 of fees in connection with the transaction. The Company may not use the net proceeds from the sale of the Note hereunder to repay indebtedness for borrowed money (other than, in the case of the Note, to Streeterville Capital LLC or its successor in interest, if any), lend money, give credit or make advances (other than in the ordinary course in respect of Company expenses) to any officers, directors, employees, affiliates of the Company or its Subsidiaries, except as set forth above.

4.4 Indemnification of Purchaser. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.4, the Company and its Subsidiaries will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees of such Person (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of, arising from, or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants (which remain uncured after any applicable cure period) or agreements made by the Company and its Subsidiaries in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents, or (b) any action instituted against a Purchaser, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company or its Subsidiaries or who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (in each case unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser representation, warranties or covenants (which remain uncured after any applicable cure period) under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings any Purchaser may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser which constitutes fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of such separate counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of the Purchaser Party. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (i) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (ii) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach

Page 19 of 27

of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents.

4.5 Subsequent Equity Sales. In addition to the limitations set forth herein, from the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the Securities, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any Subsequent Financing involving a Variable Rate Transaction. The term Variable Rate Transaction shall mean a transaction in which the Company issues or sells (i) any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock (other than standard anti-dilution provisions) or (ii) enters into any agreements, including but not limited to an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may sell securities at a future determined price tied to the market price of the Common Stock.

4.6 Form D; Blue Sky Filings. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Note as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Note for, sale to the Purchaser at the Closing under applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

4.7 Post Closing Deliverables.

(a)

Within 21 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser a deposit account control agreement by and among the Company, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the Bank) and the Purchaser on the Banks standard form granting the Purchaser control over the Companys operating account for purposes of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (the Cash Collateral Agreement). The Company will deliver a copy of the proposed Cash Collateral Agreement to the Purchaser and provide Purchaser with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the proposed form in advance of execution and will transmit any proposed revisions thereof to the Bank for its review;

(b)

Within 5 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser a UCC-3 Termination Statement in respect of all liens securing indebtedness owned to Streeterville Capital, LLC;

(c)

Within 5 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser the results of lien searches from the state of Delaware in respect of the Company, Elevated Softgels LLC, and Star Sky Foods, LLC. Such lien searches shall show no liens on the assets of any such company (other than liens securing indebtedness owed to Streeterville Capital, LLC which shall be released at the Closing); 

(d)

Within 10 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser a Certificate of Good Standing or comparable certificate for Cultured Foods sp z.o.o.; 

Page 20 of 27

(e)

Within 5 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company shall cause all required filings to be made with the United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to perfect the Purchasers first lien on the Intellectual Property set forth in the Intellectual Property Security Agreement; 

(f)

Within 5 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company shall cause all required UCC-1 filings to be made with the Secretaries of State of Delaware, California and Colorado in order to perfect the Purchasers first lien on the Collateral set forth in the Security Agreement; and

(g)

Within 5 days immediately following the Closing Date, the Company will deliver to the Purchaser Resolutions of the Boards of Directors of the Subsidiary Guarantors authorizing the Subsidiary Guarantors to enter into the Subsidiary Guarantee. 

4.8 Right of Participation. At any time within the 12 months subsequent to the Closing, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of debt or Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing), the Purchaser shall have the right to participate in up to its investment amount but not more than 25% of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum) on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. At least five (5) Business Days prior to the closing of the Subsequent Financing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a written notice of its intention to effect a Subsequent Financing (Pre-Notice), which Pre-Notice shall ask the Purchaser if it wants to review the details of such financing (such additional notice, a Subsequent Financing Notice). Upon the request of a Purchaser, and only upon a request by such Purchaser, for a Subsequent Financing Notice, the Company shall promptly, but no later than one (1) Business Day after such request, deliver a Subsequent Financing Notice to such Purchaser. The Subsequent Financing Notice shall describe in reasonable detail the proposed terms of such Subsequent Financing, the amount of proceeds intended to be raised thereunder and the Person or Persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected and shall include a term sheet or similar document relating thereto as an attachment.

If the Purchaser desires to participate in such Subsequent Financing must provide written notice to the Company by not later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Purchaser has received the Pre-Notice that such Purchaser is willing to participate in the Subsequent Financing, the amount of such Purchasers participation, and representing and warranting that such Purchaser has such funds ready, willing, and available for investment on the from the Purchaser as of such fifth (5th) Business Day, the Purchaser shall be deemed to have notified the Company that it does not elect to participate.

If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Purchasers have received the Pre-Notice, notifications by the Purchaser of their willingness to participate in the Subsequent Financing (or to cause their designees to participate) is, in the aggregate, less than the total amount of the Subsequent Financing, then the Company may effect the remaining portion of such Subsequent Financing on the terms and with the Persons set forth in the Subsequent Financing Notice.

If by 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Purchaser has received the Pre-Notice, the Company receives responses to a Subsequent Financing Notice from Purchaser seeking to purchase more than the aggregate amount of the Participation Maximum, the Purchaser shall have the right to purchase its pro rata portion of the Participation Maximum.

The Company must provide the Purchaser with a second Subsequent Financing Notice, and the Purchaser will again have the right of participation set forth above in this Section 4.8, if the Subsequent Financing subject to the initial Subsequent Financing Notice is not consummated for any reason on the terms set forth in such Subsequent Financing Notice within thirty (30) Business Days after the date of the initial Subsequent Financing Notice.

Page 21 of 27

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.8 and unless otherwise agreed to by the Purchaser, the Company shall either confirm in writing to the Purchaser that the transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been abandoned or shall publicly disclose its intention to issue the securities in the Subsequent Financing, in either case in such a manner such that the Purchaser will not be in possession of any material, non-public information, by the tenth (10th) Business Day following delivery of the Subsequent Financing Notice. If by such tenth (10th) Business Day, no public disclosure regarding a transaction with respect to the Subsequent Financing has been made, and no notice regarding the abandonment of such transaction has been received by the Purchaser, such transaction shall be deemed to have been abandoned and the Purchaser shall not be deemed to be in possession of any material, non-public information with respect to the Company or any Subsequent Financing.

4.9 After acquired Subsidiaries. The Company shall cause each Subsidiary of the Company acquired after the date hereof to immediately become a party to the Subsidiary Guarantee, Security Agreement and IP Security Agreement, with the same rights and obligations as the Guarantors, and Debtors, as the case may be, to the same extent as if it were an original signatory thereto and such party shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth therein as of the date of such execution and delivery thereof, and all references therein to the Guarantors or Debtors shall be deemed to include each additional Guarantor or Debtor.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by the Purchaser or the Company by written notice to the to the Company or the Purchaser, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before February 20, 2025; provided that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by the other party (or parties).

5.2 Fees. The Company has agreed to reimburse Purchaser (i) $10,000 for legal expenses incurred in connection with documenting the Closing, and (ii) all other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transaction by the Purchaser (e.g., background checks (to the extent not provided to Purchaser), lien searches, UCC filings and any required IP or mortgage filings, etc.

5.3

Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been incorporated into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4

Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email or facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Business Day, (b) the next Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email or facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Business Day, (c) the second Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

5.5

Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of amendments, by the Company, and the Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a 

Page 22 of 27

continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6

Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

5.7

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder. The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser assigns or transfers all or any portion of the Note, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions hereof that apply to such Purchaser.

5.8

No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.4.

5.9

Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. The parties hereby waive all rights to a trial by jury. If the Purchaser shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then it shall be reimbursed by the Company for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

5.10

Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive for a period of 12 months following the Closing.

5.11

Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 

Page 23 of 27

obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page or data file were an original thereof.

5.12

Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

5.13

Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company and its Subsidiaries does not timely perform their related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company , any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.14

Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing the Note is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and reasonable indemnity, if requested. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs associated with the issuance of such replacement Note.

5.15

Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agrees to waive in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16

Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company or its Subsidiaries makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, such Subsidiary, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17

Usury. The Company and its Subsidiaries hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any claim, action or proceeding that may be brought by any Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company and its Subsidiaries under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the 

Page 24 of 27

foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the effective date forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company or any Purchaser to any Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by the Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Purchasers election.

5.18

Liquidated Damages. The Companys and its Subsidiaries obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and its Subsidiaries and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

5.18 Customer Identification - USA Patriot Act Notice; OFAC and Bank Secrecy Act. Each Purchaser hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the Act and such Purchasers policies and practices, each Purchaser is required to obtain, verify and record certain information and documentation that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and addresses of Borrower and such other information that will allow the Purchaser to identify the Company in accordance with the Act. In addition, the Company shall (a) ensure that no person who owns a controlling interest in or otherwise controls the Company is or shall be listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Person List or other similar lists maintained by OFAC, the Department of the Treasury or included in any Executive Orders, (b) not use or permit the use of the proceeds of the Note to violate any of the foreign asset control regulations of OFAC or any enabling statute or Executive Order relating thereto, and (c) comply, and cause any of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all applicable Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) laws and regulations, as amended.

(Signature Pages Follow)

Page 25 of 27

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

CV SCIENCES, INC.

Address for Notice:

9530 Padgett Street, Suite 107, San Diego, CA 92126

By:____________________________________ 

Name: Joseph Dowling 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Email:

Telephone:

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Telephone:

Email:

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

Page 26 of 27

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO COMPANY, SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Investing Entity: [***]

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity:

Name of Authorized Signatory: [***]

Title of Authorized Signatory: [***]

Email Address of Authorized Entity: [***]

Address for Notice of Investing Entity: [***]

Address for Delivery of Securities for Investing Entity (if not same as above):

Subscription Amount: $1,200,000.00 

Principal Amount of Note: $1,600,000.00

Page 27 of 27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cvsi-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

[Certain information has been excluded because it both (i) is not material and (ii) is the type the Company treats as private or confidential]

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED UNLESS (I) SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED FOR SALE PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT, (II) SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, (III) THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH TRANSFER MAY LAWFULLY BE MADE WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) THE SECURITIES ARE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT CONSIDERATION TO AN AFFILIATE OF SUCH HOLDER OR A CUSTODIAL NOMINEE (WHICH FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT SHALL REQUIRE NEITHER CONSENT NOR THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION).

Original Issue Date: February 12, 2025

$1,600,000.00

SENIOR SECURED NOTE DUE AUGUST 12, 2026

THIS SENIOR SECURED NOTE is a duly authorized and validly issued Senior Secured Note of CV Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), having its principal place of business at 9530 Padgett Street, Suite 107, San Diego, CA 92126, designated as its Senior Secured Note due on the Maturity Date (defined below) (this Note, the Note). This Note has been issued with a 25% original issue discount.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to [***] (the Holder), or shall have paid pursuant to the terms hereunder, the principal sum of $1,600,000.00 on August 12, 2026 (the Maturity Date) or such earlier date as this Note is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder, and to pay interest to the Holder on the then outstanding principal amount of this Note in accordance with the provisions hereof. This Note is subject to the following additional provisions:

Section 1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, in addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Note, (a) capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement, and (b) the following terms shall have the following meanings below.

Bankruptcy Event means any of the following events: (a) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment,

-1- 

(e) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts or (g) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Change of Controlshall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Delaware Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Event of Default shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Fundamental Transaction means (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property. 

Late Fees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).

Mandatory Default Amount means (i) 120% of the then outstanding principal and interest on this Note upon the occurrence of an Event of Default set forth under Sections 6(a)(i), 6(a)(ii), 6(a)(iii), 6(a)(iv) in respect of a breach of a material representation and warranty, 6(a)(v), 6(a)(vi), 6(a)(vii), 6(a)(viii), or 6(a)(ix), and (ii) 105% of the then outstanding principal and interest on this Note upon the occurrence of Event of Default set forth under Section 6(a)(iv) in respect of a breach of an immaterial representation and warranty.

Monthly Redemption means the redemption of this Note pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof.

Monthly Redemption Amount means, as to a Monthly Redemption, one-fifteenth of the original principal amount of this Note at 100% of such principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, liquidated damages, if any, and any other amounts then owing to the Holder in respect of this Note.

Monthly Redemption Date means the 12th day of each month (or next Business Day), commencing immediately upon June 12, 2025 and terminating upon the full redemption of this Note.

Note Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).

Optional Redemption shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Optional Redemption Amount means 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any other amounts then owing to the Holder in respect of this Note. In the event the Company repays this Note in full on or before the sixth month anniversary of the Closing, the Company will receive a $100,000 discount from the principal amount hereof.

-2- 

Optional Redemption Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Optional Redemption Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Optional Redemption Notice Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of the Note, regardless of any transfers of any Note and regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence such Note.

Permitted Indebtedness means (a) the Indebtedness evidenced by the Note, (b) indebtedness existing as of the date hereof, (c) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $50,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets, (d) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Company, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period, (e) Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including socalled procurement cards or Pcards) or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, (g) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business; and (i) unsecured indebtedness that is expressly subordinate to the Note pursuant to a written subordination agreement with the Purchaser that is acceptable to the Purchaser in its sole and absolute discretion.

Permitted Lien means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in accordance with GAAP; (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business, such as carriers, warehousemens and mechanics Liens, statutory landlords Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Companys business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien; (c) deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety or appeal bonds, but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due; (d) easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Persons business; (e) Liens securing the title and interest of a lessor or sublessor in and to personal property leased or subleased (other than through a capitalized lease), in each case extending only to such personal property;(f) rights of setoff or bankers liens upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business; and (g) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness incurred under clauses (a) and (b) thereunder.

Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2025 between the Company, and the original Holder, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

-3- 

Qualified Offering means an offering of equity or debt securities for gross proceeds to the Company of not less than $5.0 million.

Subsidiary shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

Section 2. Interest.

a) Payment of Interest in Cash. No interest will accrue on this Note until the occurrence of an Event of Default.

b) Interest Calculations. Interest, if any, shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily commencing on the occurrence of an Event of Default until payment in full of the outstanding principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made. Interest hereunder will be paid to the Person in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this Note (the Note Register).

c) Late Fee. In addition to all other amounts required to be paid to Holder hereunder, all overdue accrued and unpaid principal to be paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the Late Fees) which shall accrue daily from the date such principal is due hereunder through and including the date of actual payment in full.

Section 3.Registration of Transfers and Exchanges.

a) Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal amount of Notes of different authorized denominations, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same. No service charge will be payable for such registration of transfer or exchange.

b) Investment Representations. This Note has been issued subject to certain investment representations of the original Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations.

c) Reliance on Note Register. Prior to due presentment for transfer to the Company of this Note, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Note is duly registered on the Note Register as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other purposes, whether or not this Note is overdue, and neither the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

Section 4. Redemption.

a) Optional Redemption at Election of Company. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4(a), at any time after Original Issue Date and prior to the Maturity Date, the Company may, deliver a written notice to the Holder (an Optional Redemption Notice and the date such notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the Optional Redemption Notice Date) of its irrevocable election to redeem all of the then outstanding principal amount of this Note for cash in an amount equal to the Optional Redemption Amount on the 20th Trading Day following the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such date, the Optional Redemption Date, and such redemption, the Optional Redemption). The Optional Redemption Amount is payable in full on the Optional Redemption Date.

b) Monthly Redemption. On each Monthly Redemption Date, the Company shall be required to redeem the Monthly Redemption Amount (the Monthly Redemption), and upon the payment of each such Monthly

-4- 

Redemption, the accrued interest, principal and other amounts then outstanding under this Note shall be reduced by 100% of the principal amount so repaid. The Monthly Redemption Amount payable on each Monthly Redemption Date shall be paid in cash.

c) Redemption Procedure. The payment of cash pursuant to an Optional Redemption or a Monthly Redemption shall be payable on the Optional Redemption Date and Monthly Redemption Date, as applicable. If any portion of the payment pursuant to an Optional Redemption or Monthly Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the applicable due date, an Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred under the Note.

(d) Mandatory Prepayment. The Company shall be required to offer to prepay in cash the aggregate principal amount of the Note at 100% of the principal amount thereof plus any unpaid accrued interest to the date of repayment, on the sale of assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or upon a Change of Control, or on a Qualified Offering and on the Maturity Date. Such payment shall be made on the date of each of the events specified above and in each case the Company shall if practical have provided 20 days notice to Holders.

Section 5. Negative Covenants. As long as any portion of this Note remains outstanding, unless the Holder shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (whether or not a Subsidiary on the Original Issue Date) to, directly or indirectly:

a) other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

b) other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;

c) amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder;

d) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of the Company or its Subsidiaries other than repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of Company departing officers and directors of the Company, provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $50,000 for all officers and directors during the term of this Note;

e) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire, or make any principal, interest or amortization payment on any Indebtedness, other than the Note;

f) pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries;

g) enter into any transaction with any Affiliate or family member of an Affiliate of the Company which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission (other than pursuant to agreements and transactions that are disclosed or filed in SEC Reports or registration statements as of the Original Issue Date), unless such transaction is expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval) or the aggregate amount involved is less than $50,000; or

h) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing.

-5- 

Section 6. Events of Default.

a) Event of Default means, wherever used herein, the occurrence any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

i. any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount (including amortization payments) of this Note or (B) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder under this Note, as and when the same shall become due and payable (whether on Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default, solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under clause (B) above, is not cured within five days;

ii. the Company, any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant or agreement contained in this Note or any other Transaction Document which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within the earlier to occur of (A) 10 days after notice of such failure sent by the Holder or by any other Holder to the Company and (B) 20 days after the Company has become or should have become aware of such failure;

iii. a default or event of default (subject to any grace or cure period provided in the applicable agreement, document or instrument) shall occur and continue under any other material agreement, lease, document or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated (and not covered by clauses (ii) or (vi) of this Section (6)(a));

iv. any representation or warranty expressly made in this Note or any other Transaction Document, shall be untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed made;

v. the Company or any Subsidiary shall be subject to a Bankruptcy Event;

vi. the Company or any Subsidiary shall default on any of its obligations under any mortgage, credit agreement or other loan facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement that involves an obligation greater than $50,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and such default remains uncured after the lapse of any cure or grace period or otherwise results in acceleration of the obligations under the applicable agreement or instrument;

vii. the Common Stock shall not be eligible for listing or quotation for trading on the OTCQB or any Trading Market and shall not be eligible to resume listing or quotation for trading thereon within 30 days;

viii. the Company does not meet the current public information requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended; and

ix. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Company, any subsidiary, or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $50,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days.

b) Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs, the outstanding principal amount of this Note, plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become, at the Holders election, immediately due and payable in cash at the

-6- 

Mandatory Default Amount. Commencing five days after the occurrence of any Event of Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this Note, interest on this Note shall accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. Upon the payment in full of the Mandatory Default Amount, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Note to or as directed by the Company. In connection with such acceleration described herein, the Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as the Holder receives full payment pursuant to this Section 6(b). No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 7. Miscellaneous.

a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holder hereunder, including, without limitation, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company at the address set forth above, or such other facsimile or electronic mail number or address as the Company may specify for such purpose by notice to the Holder delivered in accordance with this Section 7(a). Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or electronic mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company, or if no such facsimile number or address appears, at the principal place of business of the Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail at the facsimile number or email address, as applicable, specified on the signature page prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time), (ii) the date immediately following the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or electronic mail at the facsimile number or email address, as applicable, specified on the signature page between 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) and 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (iii) the second Business Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of, liquidated damages and accrued interest, as applicable, on this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of the Company.

c) Lost or Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the state of Delaware (the

-7- 

Delaware Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then it shall be reimbursed by the Company for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

e) Waiver; Amendment. Any waiver by the Company, or the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Company, or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver by the Company, or the Holder must be in writing. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of amendments, by the Company and the Holder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought.

f) Severability. If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Company covenants that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Company hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

g) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Note and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i) Assumption. Any successor to the Company or any surviving entity in a Fundamental Transaction shall (i) assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note and the other Transaction Documents pursuant to written agreements in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (ii) issue to the Holder a new Note of such successor entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note, including, without limitation, having a principal amount

-8- 

and interest rate equal to the principal amount and the interest rate of this Note and having similar ranking to this Note, which shall be satisfactory to the Holder (any such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The provisions of this Section 7(i) shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any limitations of this Note.

j) Senior Secured Obligation. In each case pursuant to the Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof between the Company, its Subsidiaries and the Holder, the Note will be senior to all obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Note will have a first lien on all of the current and future assets (including IP) of the Company and its Subsidiaries

*********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

-9- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.

CV Sciences, Inc.

By: __________________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Facsimile No. for delivery of Notices:

-10-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cvsi-ex10_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

[Certain information has been excluded because it both (i) is not material and (ii) is the type the Company treats as private or confidential]

SECURITY AGREEMENT

SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of February 12, 2025 (this Agreement), among CV Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (CV Sciences or the Company), Star Sky Foods, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Cultured Foods Sp. z.o.o, a Polish limited liability company, and Elevated Softgels, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively with the Company, the Debtors) and the holder of the Companys Senior Secured Note due August 12, 2026 in the original aggregate principal amount of $1,600,000.00 (the Note), signatory hereto, its endorsees, transferees and assigns (the Secured Party).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Note, the Secured Party agreed to extend the loans to the Company evidenced by the Note;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Subsidiary Guarantee (as defined in the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Note was issued), the other Debtors have agreed to guarantee the Note and any other obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Note) and the documents entered into in connection therewith;

WHEREAS, in order to induce the Secured Party to extend the loan evidenced by the Note, each Debtor has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Party this Agreement and to grant the Secured Party a perfected security interest in all of the property of such Debtor to secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of the Debtors obligations under the Note and the other Transaction Documents and the documents entered into in connection therewith;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1. Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC (such as account, chattel paper, commercial tort claim, deposit account, document, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, goods, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, proceeds and supporting obligations) shall have the respective meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such Terms in the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Note).

(a) Collateral means the collateral in which the Secured Party is granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall include the following personal property of the Debtors, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming into existence, wherever situated, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof, including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in connection therewith, and all dividends, interest, cash, notes, securities, equity interest or other

Page 1 of 30

property at any time and from time to time acquired, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, or in exchange for, any or all of the Pledged Securities (as defined below):

(i) All goods, including, without limitations, (A) all machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats, ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing and all other items used and useful in connection with any Debtors businesses and all improvements thereto; and (B) all inventory;

(ii)

All contract rights and other general intangibles, including, without limitation, all partnership interests, membership interests, stock or other securities, rights under any of the Organizational Documents, agreements related to the Pledged Securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software (whether off-the-shelf, licensed from any third party or developed by any Debtor), computer software development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, trademarks, service marks, trade styles, trade names, patents, patent applications, copyrights, Intellectual Property, and income tax refunds;

(iii)

All accounts, together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right, title, security and guaranties with respect to each account, including any right of stoppage in transit;

(iv)

All documents, letter-of-credit rights, instruments and chattel paper;

(v)

All commercial tort claims or other litigation claims of any Debtor of any type, including against parties covered by directors and officers insurance of any Debtor;

(vi)

All deposit accounts and all cash (whether or not deposited in such deposit accounts);

(vii)

All investment property;

(viii)

All supporting obligations; 

(ix)

All files, records, books of account, business papers, and computer

programs;

(x)

All accounts receivable; and 

(xi)

the products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in clauses (i)-(x) above.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral shall include all investment property and general intangibles respecting ownership and/or other equity interests in the Company and each Subsidiary, including, without limitation, the shares of capital stock and the other equity interests (including LLC interests) listed on Schedule H hereto (as the same may be modified from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof), and

Page 2 of 30

any other shares of capital stock and/or other equity interests (including LLC interests) of any other direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor obtained in the future, and, in each case, all certificates representing such shares and/or equity interests and, in each case, all rights, options, warrants, stock, other securities and/or equity interests (including LLC interests) that may hereafter be received, receivable or distributed in respect of, or exchanged for, any of the foregoing (all of the foregoing being referred to herein as the Pledged Securities) and all rights arising under or in connection with the Pledged Securities, including, but not limited to, all dividends, interest and cash.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided, however, that to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset.

(b) Intellectual Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including, without limitation, (i) all copyrights arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Copyright Office, (ii) all letters patent of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, all reissues and extensions thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, (iii) all trademarks, trade names, corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade dress, service marks, logos, domain names and other source or business identifiers, and all goodwill associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any State thereof or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, and all common law rights related thereto, (iv) all trade secrets arising under the laws of the United States, any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (v) all domain names, (vi) all rights to obtain any reissues, renewals or extensions of the foregoing, (vii) all licenses for any of the foregoing, and (viii) all causes of action for infringement of the foregoing.

(c) Necessary Endorsement shall mean undated stock powers endorsed in blank or other proper instruments of assignment duly executed and such other instruments or documents as the Secured Party may reasonably request.

(d) Obligations means all of the Debtors obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered directly or indirectly from the Secured Party as a preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Obligations shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and interest on the Note and the loans extended pursuant thereto; (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and liabilities of the Debtors from time to time under

Page 3 of 30

or in connection with this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any other instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Debtor.

(e) Organizational Documents means with respect to any Debtor, the documents by which such Debtor was organized (such as a certificate of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Debtor (such as bylaws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement).

(f) UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Delaware and or any other applicable law of any state or states which has jurisdiction with respect to all, or any portion of, the Collateral or this Agreement, from time to time. It is the intent of the parties that defined terms in the UCC should be construed in their broadest sense so that the term Collateral will be construed in its broadest sense. Accordingly, if there are, from time to time, changes to defined terms in the UCC that broaden the definitions, they are incorporated herein and if existing definitions in the UCC are broader than the amended definitions, the existing ones shall be controlling.

2.

Grant of Perfected Security Interest. As an inducement for the Secured Party toextend the loan as evidenced by the Note and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, each Debtor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably pledges, grants and hypothecates to the Secured Party a continuing and perfected security interest in and to, a lien upon and a right of set-off against all of their respective right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to, the Collateral (the Security Interest).

3.

Delivery of Certain Collateral. Contemporaneously or prior to the execution of thisAgreement, each Debtor shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Secured Party (a) any and all certificates and other instruments representing or evidencing the Pledged Securities, and (b) any and all certificates and other instruments or documents representing any of the other Collateral, in each case, together with all Necessary Endorsements. The Debtors are, contemporaneously with the execution hereof, delivering to the Secured Party, or have previously delivered to the Secured Party, a true and correct copy of each Organizational Document governing any of the Pledged Securities.

4.

Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Debtors. EachDebtor represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the Secured Party as follows:

(a)

Each Debtor has the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by each Debtor of this Agreement and the filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Debtor and no further action is required by such Debtor. This Agreement has been duly executed by each Debtor. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Debtor, enforceable against each Debtor in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and by general principles of equity.

(b) The Debtors have no place of business or offices where their respective books of account and records are kept (other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants)

Page 4 of 30

or places where Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule A attached hereto. Except as specifically set forth on Schedule A, each Debtor is the record owner of the real property where such Collateral is located, and there exist no mortgages or other liens on any such real property. Except as disclosed on Schedule A, none of such Collateral is in the possession of any consignee, bailee, warehouseman, agent or processor.

(c)

Except as set forth on Schedule B attached hereto, the Debtors are the sole owner of the Collateral, free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims (other than Permitted Liens), and are fully authorized to grant the Security Interest. There is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those securing the Horizon Building Loan and that will be filed in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. So long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtors shall not without the prior written consent of the Secured Party not to be unreasonably, withheld, delayed or denied, execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any such financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement).

(d)

No written claim has been received that any Collateral or Debtor's use of any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There has been no adverse decision to any Debtor's claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or to any Debtor's right to keep and maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of any Debtor, threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency, arbitrator or other governmental authority.

(e)

Each Debtor shall at all times maintain its books of account and records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and its Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records or tangible Collateral unless it delivers to the Secured Party at least 30 days prior to such relocation written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must be within the United States) in order to provide the Secured Party with an opportunity to file and record at the Debtors expense appropriate financing statements under the UCC and other necessary documents to create in favor of the Secured Party a valid, perfected and continuing perfected lien in the Collateral. 

(f)

This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Party a valid, first priority security interest in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens), securing the payment and performance of the Obligations. Upon making the filings described in the immediately following paragraph, all security interests created hereunder in any Collateral which may be perfected by filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements shall have been duly perfected. Except for the filing of the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements referred to in the immediately following paragraph, no action is necessary to create, perfect or protect the security interests created hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for the filing of said financing statements, no consent of any third parties and no authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required for (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (ii) the creation or perfection of the Security Interests created hereunder in the Collateral or (iii) the enforcement of the rights of the Secured Party hereunder.

Page 5 of 30

(g)

Each Debtor hereby authorizes the Secured Party, or any of them, to file one or more financing statements under the UCC, with respect to the Security Interest with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction deemed proper by them.

(h)

The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Debtors does not (i) violate any of the provisions of any Organizational Documents of any Debtor or any judgment, decree, order or award of any court, governmental body or arbitrator or any applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to any Debtor or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing any Debtor's debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which any Debtor is a party or by which any property or asset of any Debtor is bound or affected. No consent (including, without limitation, from stockholders or creditors of any Debtor) is required for any Debtor to enter into and perform its obligations hereunder.

(i)

The capital stock and other equity interests or member interests listed on Schedule H hereto represent all of the capital stock and other equity or membership interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and represents all capital stock and other equity interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company and its Subsidiaries. All of the Pledged Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the Company and its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, are the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged Securities, free and clear of any lien, security interest or other encumbrance except for Permitted Liens and the security interests created by this Agreement).

(j)

The ownership and other equity interests in partnerships and limited liability companies (if any) included in the Collateral (the Pledged Interests) by their express terms do not provide that they are securities governed by Article 8 of the UCC and are not held in a securities account or by any financial intermediary.

(k)

Each Debtor shall at all times maintain the liens and Security Interest provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens and security interests (subject to Permitted Liens) in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Party until this Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall be terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof. Each Debtor hereby agrees to defend the same against the claims of any and all persons and entities. Each Debtor shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account of the Secured Party. At the reasonable request of the Secured Party, each Debtor will sign and deliver to the Secured Party at any time or from time to time one or more financing statements pursuant to the UCC in form reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party and will pay the cost of filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the Secured Party to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Debtor shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Collateral and the Security Interest hereunder, and each Debtor shall obtain and furnish to the Secured Party from time to time, upon demand, such releases and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the priority of the Security Interest hereunder.

(l)

No Debtor will transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, license, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral without the prior written consent of the Secured Party not to be unreasonably, withheld, delayed or denied, except in the ordinary course of the Debtors business, including without limitation, sales of inventory and dispositions and transfers of obsolete, worn out, or unserviceable assets.

Page 6 of 30

(m)

Each Debtor shall keep and preserve its equipment, inventory and other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order (ordinary wear and tear, excepted) and shall not operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in any area excluded from insurance coverage.

(n)

Each Debtor shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to the Collateral against loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against by entities of established reputation having similar properties similarly situated and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by other such entities and otherwise as is prudent for entities engaged in similar businesses but in any event sufficient to cover the full replacement cost thereof. Each Debtor shall cause each insurance policy issued in connection herewith to provide, and the insurer issuing such policy to certify to the Secured Party that (a) the Secured Party will be named as lender loss payee and additional insured under each such insurance policy; (b) if such insurance be proposed to be cancelled or materially changed for any reason whatsoever, such insurer will promptly notify the Secured Party and such cancellation or change shall not be effective as to the Secured Party for at least thirty (30) days after receipt by the Secured Party of such notice, unless the effect of such change is to extend or increase coverage under the policy; and (c) the Secured Party will have the right (but no obligation) at its election to remedy any default in the payment of premiums within thirty (30) days of notice from the insurer of such default. If no Event of Default (as defined in the Note) exists and if the proceeds arising out of any claim or series of related claims do not exceed $50,000, loss payments in each instance will be applied by the applicable Debtor to the repair and/or replacement of property with respect to which the loss was incurred to the extent reasonably feasible, and any loss payments or the balance thereof remaining, to the extent not so applied, shall be payable to the applicable Debtor, provided, however, that payments received by any Debtor after an Event of Default occurs and is continuing or in excess of $50,000 for any occurrence or series of related occurrences shall be paid to the Secured Party and, if received by such Debtor, shall be held in trust for and immediately paid over to the Secured Party unless otherwise directed in writing by the Secured Party. Copies of such policies or the related certificates, in each case, naming the Secured Party as lender loss payee and additional insured shall be delivered to the Secured Party at least annually and at the time any new policy of insurance is issued.

(o)

Each Debtor shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge thereof, advise the Secured Party promptly, in sufficient detail, of any substantial change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral or on the Secured Partys security interest therein.

(p)

Each Debtor shall promptly execute and deliver to the Secured Party such further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take such further action as the Secured Party may from time to time request and may in its reasonable discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce its security interest in the Collateral including, without limitation, if applicable, the execution and delivery of a separate security agreement with respect to each Debtors Intellectual Property (Intellectual Property Security Agreement) in which the Secured Party have been granted a security interest hereunder, substantially in a form reasonably acceptable to the Secured Party and the Debtor, which Intellectual Property Security Agreement, other than as stated therein, shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

(q)

Each Debtor shall permit the Secured Party and their representatives and agents, upon reasonable advance notice and at reasonable times so as not to disrupt the Debtors business, 

Page 7 of 30

to inspect the Collateral at any time, and to make copies of records pertaining to the Collateral as may be reasonably requested by a Secured Party from time to time.

(r)

Each Debtor shall take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral.

(s)

Each Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Party in sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or other legal process levied against any Collateral and of any other information received by such Debtor that may materially affect the value of the Collateral, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Party hereunder.

(t)

All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the Secured Party by or on behalf of any Debtor with respect to the Collateral is true and correct in all material respects as of the date furnished.

(u)

The Debtors shall at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect their respective valid existence and good standing and any rights and franchises material to its business.

(v)

No Debtor will change its name, type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number (if it has one), legal or corporate structure, or identity, or add any new fictitious name unless it provides at least 30 days prior written notice to the Secured Party of such change and, at the time of such written notification, so as to provide the Secured Party with an opportunity to file and record any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue perfected the perfected security Interest granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

(w)

No Debtor may consign any of its Inventory or sell any of its Inventory on bill and hold, sale or return, sale on approval, or other conditional terms of sale without the consent of a Majority in Interest which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or denied, except to the extent such consignment or sale does not exceed 10% of the total value of all of the Companys finished goods in Inventory.

(x)

No Debtor may relocate its chief executive office to a new location without providing 30 days prior written notification thereof to the Secured Party and so long as, at the time of such written notification, so as to provide the Secured Party with an opportunity to file and record at the Debtors expense any financing statements or fixture filings necessary to perfect and continue perfected the perfected security Interest granted and evidenced by this Agreement.

(y) Each Debtor was organized and remains organized solely under the laws of the state set forth next to such Debtors name in the first paragraph of this Agreement. Schedule D attached hereto sets forth each Debtors organizational identification number or, if any Debtor does not have one, states that one does not exist.

(z)

(i) The actual name of each Debtor is the name set forth in the preamble above; (ii) no Debtor has any trade names except as set forth on Schedule E attached hereto; (iii) no Debtor has used any name other than that stated in the preamble hereto or as set forth on Schedule E for the preceding five years; and (iv) no entity has merged into any Debtor or been acquired by any Debtor within the past five years except as set forth on Schedule E. 

(aa)

At any time and from time to time that any Collateral consists of instruments, certificated securities or other items that require or permit possession by the secured party to perfect 

Page 8 of 30

the security interest created hereby, the applicable Debtor shall deliver such Collateral to the Secured Party.

(bb)

Each Debtor, in its capacity as issuer, hereby agrees to comply in all material respects with any and all orders and instructions of the Secured Party regarding the Pledged Interests consistent with the terms of this Agreement without the further consent of any Debtor as contemplated by Section 8-106 (or any successor section) of the UCC. Further, each Debtor agrees that it shall not enter into a similar agreement (or one that would confer control within the meaning of Article 8 of the UCC) with any other person or entity.

(cc)

Each Debtor shall cause all tangible chattel paper constituting Collateral to be delivered to the Secured Party, or, if such delivery is not possible, then to cause such tangible chattel paper to contain a legend noting that it is to the security interest created by this Agreement. To the extent that any Collateral consists of electronic chattel paper, the applicable Debtor shall cause the underlying chattel paper to be marked within the meaning of Section 9-105 of the UCC (or successor section thereto).

(dd)

If there is any investment property or deposit account included as Collateral that can be perfected by control through an account control agreement, the applicable Debtor shall cause such an account control agreement, in form and substance in each case satisfactory to the Secured Party, to be entered into and delivered to the Secured Party.

(ee)

To the extent that any Collateral consists of letter-of-credit rights, the applicable Debtor shall cause the issuer of each underlying letter of credit to consent to an assignment of the proceeds thereof to the Secured Party.

(ff)

To the extent that any Collateral is in the possession of any third party, the applicable Debtor shall join with the Secured Party in notifying such third party of the Secured

Partys security interest in such Collateral and shall use its best efforts to obtain an acknowledgement and agreement from such third party with respect to the Collateral, in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Party.

(gg)

If any Debtor shall at any time hold or acquire a commercial tort or other claim, such Debtor shall promptly notify the Secured Party in a writing signed by such Debtor of the particulars thereof and grant to the Secured Party in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Secured Party.

(hh)

Each Debtor shall promptly provide written notice to the Secured Party of any and all accounts which arise out of contracts with any governmental authority and, to the extent necessary to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interest in such accounts and proceeds thereof, shall execute and deliver to the Secured Party an assignment of claims for such accounts and cooperate with the Secured Party in taking any other steps required, in their reasonable judgment, under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule to perfect or continue the perfected status of the Security Interest in such accounts and proceeds thereof.

(ii) Each Debtor shall cause each subsidiary of such Debtor to immediately become a party hereto (an Additional Debtor), by executing and delivering an Additional Debtor Joinder in substantially the form of Annex A attached hereto and comply in all material respects with the provisions hereof applicable to the Debtors. Concurrent therewith, the Additional Debtor shall

Page 9 of 30

deliver replacement schedules for, or supplements to all other Schedules to (or referred to in) this Agreement, as applicable, which replacement schedules shall supersede, or supplements shall modify, the Schedules then in effect. The Additional Debtor shall also deliver such opinions of counsel, authorizing resolutions, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, organizational documents, financing statements and other information and documentation as the Secured Party may reasonably request. Upon delivery of the foregoing to the Secured Party, the Additional Debtor shall be and become a party to this Agreement with the same rights and obligations as the Debtors, for all purposes hereof as fully and to the same extent as if it were an original signatory hereto and shall be deemed to have made the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein as of the date of execution and delivery of such Additional Debtor Joinder, and all references herein to the Debtors shall be deemed to include each Additional Debtor.

(jj)

Each Debtor shall vote the Pledged Securities to comply in all material respects with the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Note.

(kk)

Each Debtor shall register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities on the books of such Debtor. Each Debtor shall notify each issuer of Pledged Securities to register the pledge of the applicable Pledged Securities in the name of the Secured Party on the books of such issuer. Further, except with respect to certificated securities delivered to the Secured Party, the applicable Debtor shall deliver to the Secured Party an acknowledgement of pledge (which, where appropriate, shall comply in all material respects with the requirements of the relevant UCC with respect to perfection by registration) signed by the issuer of the applicable Pledged Security, which acknowledgement shall confirm that: (a) it has registered the pledge on its books and records; and (b) at any time directed by the Secured Party during the continuation of an Event of Default, such issuer will transfer the record ownership of such Pledged Security into the name of any designee of the Secured Party, will take such steps as may be necessary to effect the transfer, and will comply in all material respects with all other reasonable instructions of the Secured Party regarding such Pledged Securities without the further consent of the applicable Debtor.

(ll)

In the event that, upon an occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Secured Party shall sell all or any of the Pledged Securities to another party or parties (herein called the Transferee) or shall purchase or retain all or any of the Pledged Securities, each Debtor shall, to the extent applicable: (i) deliver to the Secured Party or the Transferee, as the case may be, the articles of incorporation, bylaws, minute books, stock certificate books, corporate seals, deeds, leases, indentures, agreements, evidences of indebtedness, books of account, financial records and all other Organizational Documents and records of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries; (ii) use its best efforts to obtain resignations of the persons then serving as officers and directors of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries, if so reasonably requested; and (iii) use its best efforts to obtain any approvals that are required by any governmental or regulatory body in order to permit the sale of the Pledged Securities to the Transferee or the purchase or retention of the Pledged Securities by the Secured Party and allow the Transferee or the Secured Party to continue the business of the Debtors and their direct and indirect subsidiaries.

(mm)

Without limiting the generality of the other obligations of the Debtors hereunder, each Debtor shall promptly (i) cause to be registered at the United States Copyright Office all of its material copyrights, (ii) cause the security interest contemplated hereby with respect to all Intellectual Property registered at the United States Copyright Office or United States Patent and Trademark Office to be duly recorded at the applicable office, and (iii) give the Secured Party notice whenever it acquires (whether absolutely or by license) or creates any additional material Intellectual Property.

Page 10 of 30

(nn) Each Debtor will from time to time, at the joint and several expense of the Debtors, promptly execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents, and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Secured Party may reasonably request, in order to perfect and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder and with respect to any Collateral or to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

(oo)

Schedule F attached hereto lists all of the material patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, registered copyrights, and domain names owned by any of the Debtors as of the date hereof. Schedule F lists all material licenses in favor of any Debtor for the use of any patents, trademarks, copyrights and domain names as of the date hereof. All material patents and trademarks of the Debtors have been duly recorded at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and all material copyrights of the Debtors have been duly recorded at the United States Copyright Office.

(pp)

Except as set forth on Schedule G attached hereto, none of the account debtors or other persons or entities obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental authority covered by the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or any similar federal, state or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral.

5.

Effect of Pledge on Certain Rights. If any of the Collateral subject to this Agreementconsists of nonvoting equity or ownership interests (regardless of class, designation, preference or rights) that may be converted into voting equity or ownership interests upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, upon the transfer of all or any of the other stock or assets of the issuer), it is agreed that the pledge of such equity or ownership interests pursuant to this Agreement or the enforcement of any of the Secured Partys rights hereunder shall not be deemed to be the type of event which would trigger such conversion rights notwithstanding any provisions in the Organizational Documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is party.

6.

Defaults. The following events shall be Events of Default:

(a)

The occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)under the Note;

(b)

Any representation or warranty of any Debtor in this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made;

(c)

The failure by any Debtor to observe or perform any of its obligations hereunder for 20 days after delivery to such Debtor of notice of such failure by or on behalf of a Secured Party unless such default is capable of cure but cannot be cured within such time frame and such Debtor is using best efforts to cure same in a timely fashion; or

(d)

If any provision of this Agreement shall at any time for any reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any Debtor, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Debtor, or by any governmental authority having jurisdiction over any Debtor, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Debtor shall deny that any Debtor has any liability or obligation purported to be created under this Agreement.

7.

Duty To Hold In Trust.

Page 11 of 30

(a)

Upon the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, each Debtor shall, upon receipt of any revenue, income, dividend, interest or other sums subject to the Security Interest, whether payable pursuant to the Note or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in trust for the Secured Party and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Party.

(b)

If any Debtor shall become entitled to receive or shall receive any securities or other property (including, without limitation, shares of Pledged Securities or instruments representing Pledged Securities acquired after the date hereof, or any options, warrants, rights or other similar property or certificates representing a dividend, or any distribution in connection with any recapitalization, reclassification or increase or reduction of capital, or issued in connection with any reorganization of such Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) in respect of the Pledged Securities (whether as an addition to, in substitution of, or in exchange for, such Pledged Securities or otherwise), such Debtor agrees to (i) accept the same as the agent of the Secured Party; (ii) hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit of the Secured Party; and (iii) to deliver any and all certificates or instruments evidencing the same to the Secured Party on or before the close of business on the fifth business day following the receipt thereof by such Debtor, in the exact form received together with the Necessary Endorsements, to be held by the Secured Party subject to the terms of this Agreement as Collateral.

8.

Rights and Remedies Upon Default.

(a)

Upon the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, the Secured Party, acting through any agent appointed by them for such purpose, shall have the right to exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Note, and the Secured Party shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC. Without limitation, the Secured Party shall have the following rights and powers:

(i)

The Secured Party shall have the right to take possession of the Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and each Debtor shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Secured Party at places which the Secured Party shall reasonably select, whether at such Debtor's premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Secured Party, without rent, all of such Debtors respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the Secured Party taking possession of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

(ii)

Upon notice to the Debtors by the Secured Party, all rights of each Debtor to exercise the voting and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise and all rights of each Debtor to receive the dividends and interest which it would otherwise be authorized to receive and retain, shall cease. Upon such notice, the Secured Party shall have the right to receive any interest, cash dividends or other payments on the Collateral and, at the option oft, to exercise in such the Secured Partys discretion all voting rights pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Secured Party shall have the right (but not the obligation) to exercise all rights with respect to the Collateral as it were the sole and absolute owners thereof, including, without limitation, to vote and/or to exchange, at its sole discretion, any or all of the Collateral in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization or other readjustment concerning or involving the Collateral or any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries.

Page 12 of 30

(iii)

The Secured Party shall have the right to operate the business of each Debtor using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Secured Party may deem commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to any Debtor or right of redemption of a Debtor, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Secured Party may, unless prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and equities of any Debtor, which are hereby waived and released. Unless the Collateral is perishable or threatens to decline speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, the Secured Party will give the Debtors reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale thereof or of the time after which any private sale or any other intended disposition thereof is to be made. The requirements of commercially reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is sent to the Debtors at least ten (10) days before the time of the intended sale or disposition. 

(iv)

The Secured Party shall have the right (but not the obligation) to notify any account debtors and any obligors under instruments or accounts to make payments directly to the Secured Party and to enforce the Debtors rights against such account debtors and obligors.

(v)

The Secured Party may (but are not obligated to) direct any financial intermediary or any other person or entity holding any investment property to transfer the same to the Secured Party or their designee.

(vi)

The Secured Party may (but are not obligated to) transfer any or all Intellectual Property registered in the name of any Debtor at the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or Copyright Office into the name of the Secured Party or any designee or any purchaser of any Collateral.

(b)

The Secured Party shall comply with any applicable law in connection with a disposition of Collateral and such compliance will not be considered adversely to affect the commercial reasonableness of any sale of the Collateral. The Secured Party may sell the Collateral without giving any warranties and may specifically disclaim such warranties. If the Secured Party sells any of the Collateral on credit, the Debtors will only be credited with payments actually made by the purchaser. In addition, each Debtor waives any and all rights that it may have to a judicial hearing in advance of the enforcement of any of the Secured Partys rights and remedies hereunder, including, without limitation, its right following and during the continuance of an Event of Default to take immediate possession of the Collateral and to exercise its rights and remedies with respect thereto.

(c)

For the purpose of enabling the Secured Party to further exercise rights and remedies under this Section 8 or elsewhere provided by agreement or applicable law, each Debtor hereby grants to the Secured Party an irrevocable, nonexclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to such Debtor) to use, license or sublicense following an Event of Default, any Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such Debtor, and wherever the same may be located, and including in such license access to all media in which 

Page 13 of 30

any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.

9. Applications of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other disposition of the Collateral hereunder shall be applied first, to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Secured Party in enforcing their rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations, and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Party shall pay to the applicable Debtor any surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Party is legally entitled, the Debtors will be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon, at the rate of 18% per annum or the lesser amount permitted by applicable law (the Default Rate), and the reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Debtor waives all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Party arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Collateral, unless due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Party as determined by a final judgment (not subject to further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction.

10. Securities Law Provision. Each Debtor recognizes that the Secured Party may be limited in its ability to effect a sale to the public of all or part of the Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other federal or state securities laws

(collectively, the Securities Laws), and may be compelled to resort to one or more sales to a restricted group of purchasers who may be required to agree to acquire the Pledged Securities for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Debtor agrees that sales so made may be at prices and on terms less favorable than if the Pledged Securities were sold to the public, and that the Secured Party has no obligation to delay the sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to register the Pledged Securities for sale to the public under the Securities Laws. Each Debtor shall cooperate with the Secured Partys reasonable requests in its attempt to satisfy any requirements under the Securities Laws (including, without limitation, registration thereunder if reasonably requested by the Secured Party) applicable to the sale of the Pledged Securities by the Secured Party.

11. Costs and Expenses. Each Debtor agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements pursuant to the UCC, continuation statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Secured Party. The Debtors shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Secured Party might prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the Security Interest therein. The Debtors will also, upon demand, pay to the Secured Party the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which the Secured Party may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Party under the Note, the other Transaction Documents and the other documents entered into in connection therewith. Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder shall be added to the principal amount of the Note and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

12. Responsibility for Collateral. The Debtors assume all liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no Secured Party (i) has any duty (either before or after an Event of Default) to collect any amounts in respect of the Collateral or to preserve any rights relating to the

Page 14 of 30

Collateral, or (ii) has any obligation to clean-up or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale, and (b) each Debtor shall remain obligated and liable under each contract or agreement included in the Collateral to be observed or performed by such Debtor thereunder. No Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any such contract or agreement by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by any Secured Party of any payment relating to any of the Collateral, nor shall the any Secured Party be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Debtor under or pursuant to any such contract or agreement, to make inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by any Secured Party in respect of the Collateral or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under any such contract or agreement, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to any Secured Party may be entitled at any time or times.

13. Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Secured Party and all obligations of the Debtors hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Note or any agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from the Note or any other agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other collateral for, or any guaranty, or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Party to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its reasonable discretion any insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense available to a Debtor, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security Interest granted hereby. Until the Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Party shall continue even if the Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. Each Debtor expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Party hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Party, then, in any such event, each Debtors obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. Each Debtor waives all right to require the Secured Party to proceed against any other person or entity or to apply any Collateral which the Secured Party may hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. Each Debtor waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

14. Term of Agreement. This Agreement and the Security Interest shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Note have been indefeasibly paid in full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged; provided, however, that all indemnities of the Debtors contained in this Agreement shall survive and remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement. The Debtors may participate at their expense in the defense of any such claim.

15.

Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.

(a)

Each Debtor authorizes the Secured Party, and does hereby make, constitute and appoint the Secured Party and its respective officers, agents, successors or assigns with full power of substitution, as such Debtors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power, in the name of the 

Page 15 of 30

various Secured Party or such Debtor, to, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) endorse any note, checks, drafts, money orders or other instruments of payment (including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Secured Party; (ii) to sign and endorse any financing statement pursuant to the UCC or any invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; (v) to transfer any Intellectual Property or provide licenses respecting any Intellectual Property; and (vi) generally, at the option of the Secured Party, and at the expense of the Debtors, at any time, or from time to time, to execute and deliver any and all documents and instruments and to do all acts and things which the Secured Party deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the Collateral and the Security Interest granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement and the Note and the other Transaction Documents all as fully and effectually as the Debtors might or could do; and each Debtor hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding. The designation set forth herein shall be deemed to amend and supersede any inconsistent provision in the Organizational Documents or other documents or agreements to which any Debtor is subject or to which any Debtor is a party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Secured Party is specifically authorized to execute and file any applications for or instruments of transfer and assignment of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office.

(b)

On a continuing basis, each Debtor will make, execute, acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, with the proper filing and recording agencies in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C attached hereto, all such instruments, and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably requested by the Secured Party, to perfect the Security Interest granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Secured Party the grant or perfection of a perfected security interest in all the Collateral under the UCC.

(c)

Each Debtor hereby irrevocably appoints the Secured Party as such Debtors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and instead of such Debtor and in the name of such Debtor, from time to time in the Secured Partys discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement, including the filing, in its reasonable discretion, of one or more financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of the Collateral without the signature of such Debtor where permitted by law, which financing statements may (but need not) describe the Collateral as all assets or all personal property or words of like import, and ratifies all such actions taken by the Secured Party. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations shall be outstanding.

16.

Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall besubject to the notice provision of the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Note).

Page 16 of 30

17.

Other Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter secured byproperty other than the Collateral or by the guarantee, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the Secured Party shall have the right, in its reasonable discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured Partys rights and remedies hereunder.

18.

RESERVED.

19.

Miscellaneous.

(a)

No course of dealing between the Debtors and the Secured Party, nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Secured Party, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

(b)

All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party with respect to the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Note or by any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

(c)

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and is intended to supersede all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements with respect thereto. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement may be modified or amended except by a written agreement specifically referring to this Agreement and signed by the Secured Party.

(d)

In the event any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any reason, unless such provision is narrowed by judicial construction, this Agreement shall, as to such jurisdiction, be construed as if such invalid, prohibited or unenforceable provision had been more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portion of such provision or the other provisions of this Agreement and without affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision or the other provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

(e)

No waiver of any breach or default or any right under this Agreement shall be considered valid unless in writing and signed by the party giving such waiver, and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or right, whether of the same or similar nature or otherwise.

(f)

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each party hereto and its successors and assigns.

(g)

Each party shall take such further action and execute and deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

(h)

All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal 

Page 17 of 30

laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each Debtor agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Note (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware. Each Debtor hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of Delaware for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence a proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, then the prevailing party in such proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such proceeding.

(i)

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.

(j)

All Debtors shall jointly and severally be liable for the obligations of each Debtor to the Secured Party hereunder.

(k)

Each Debtor shall indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Secured Party and their respective partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees and agents

(collectively, Indemnitees) from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses, of any kind or nature, (including fees relating to the cost of investigating and defending any of the foregoing) imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee in any way related to or arising from or alleged to arise from this Agreement or the Collateral, except any such losses, claims, liabilities, damages, penalties, suits, costs and expenses which result from fraud, the gross negligence, or illegal or willful misconduct of the Indemnitee as determined by a final, non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction. This indemnification provision is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other indemnification provision in the Note, the Purchase Agreement (as such term is defined in the Note) or any other agreement, instrument or other document executed or delivered in connection herewith or therewith.

(l)

Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to subject any Secured Party to liability as a partner in any Debtor or any if its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a partnership or as a member in any Debtor or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that is a limited liability company, nor any Secured Party be deemed to have assumed any obligations under any partnership agreement or limited liability company agreement, as applicable, of any such Debtor or any if its 

Page 18 of 30

direct or indirect subsidiaries or otherwise, unless and until any such Secured Party exercises its right to be substituted for such Debtor as a partner or member, as applicable, pursuant hereto.

(m)

To the extent that the grant of the security interest in the Collateral and the enforcement of the terms hereof require the consent, approval or action of any partner or member, as applicable, of any Debtor or any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Debtor or compliance with any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents, the Debtors hereby grant such consent and approval and waive any such noncompliance with the terms of said documents.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

Page 19 of 30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.

CV Sciences, Inc.

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

Star Sky Foods, LLC

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

Cultured Foods Sp. z.o.o

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

Elevated Softgels, LLC

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

Page 20 of 30

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: [***]

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing entity: _________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory:

Title of Authorized Signatory:

Page 21 of 30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cvsi-ex10_4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

[Certain information has been excluded because it both (i) is not material and (ii) is the type the Company treats as private or confidential]

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

This Intellectual Property Security Agreement (IP Security Agreement) dated as of February 12, 2025, is made and entered into by and among CV Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), any subsidiary of the Company that is a signatory hereto either now joined or joined in the future (such subsidiaries, together with the Company, the Debtors), and [***] , as Holder of the Senior Secured Note due August 12, 2026 in aggregate principal amount of $1,600,000.00 (the Note) of the Company.

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof and as may be amended from time to time (the Securities Purchase Agreement), with (the Lender), and the Company and the Lender have entered into a Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof and as may be amended from time to time (the Security Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Lender has purchased from the Company the Notepursuant to the provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement; and

WHEREAS, under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Security Agreement, the Company and the other Debtors have granted to Lender a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in, among other Collateral, all Intellectual Property of the Debtors, and the Company has agreed as a condition thereof to execute this IP Security Agreement for recording with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States Copyright and other governmental authorities.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, both the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Debtors hereby agrees as follows:

Section 1.

Definitions. The following terms have the meanings set forth below: 

(a)

Copyrights means all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or acquired by any of the Debtors: (i) all copyrights (whether statutory or common law, whether established or registered in the United States or any other country or political subdivision thereof, whether registered or unregistered and whether published or unpublished), rights and interests in copyrights, works protectable by copyright, and general intangibles of like nature, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including all registrations, recordings, and applications in the United States Copyright Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political subdivision thereof and all research and development relating to the foregoing, (ii) all reissues, extensions, continuations, and renewals thereof and amendments thereto, (iii) income, fees, royalties, damages, claims, and 

payments now or hereafter due and/or payable with respect thereto, including damages and payments for past, present and future infringements thereof, (iv) rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and (v) rights to sue for past, present, and future infringements thereof.

(b)

Copyright License means any and all rights now owned or hereafter acquired by Debtors under any written or oral agreement granting any right to use any Copyright or Copyright registration, in each case to the extent assignable by any of the Debtors; provided, that, the Company has identified on Schedule C attached hereto whether or not any of the Debtors Copyrights or Copyright registrations are not assignable. 

(c)

Patents shall mean one or all of the following now or hereafter owned by any of the Debtors or in which any of the Debtors now has or hereafter acquires any rights: (i) all letters patent of the United States or any other country, all registrations, and recordings thereof, and all applications for letters patent of the United States or any other country, (ii) all reissues, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, reexaminations, or extensions of any of the foregoing and (iii) all inventions disclosed in and claimed in the Patents and any and all trade secrets and know-how related thereto.

(d)

Patent License shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any of the Debtors or in which any of the Debtors now has or hereafter acquires any rights: to the extent assignable by any Debtor, any written agreement granting any right to make, use, sell, and/or practice any invention or discovery that is the subject matter of a Patent, in each case to the extent assignable by any Debtor; provided, that, the Company has identified on Schedule A attached hereto whether or not any of the Debtors Patents or Patent registrations are not assignable. 

(e)

Trademarks shall mean one or all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any of the Debtors or in which any of the Debtors now has or hereafter acquires any rights: (i) all trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), trade names, corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other source or business identifiers, prints, and labels on which any of the foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including, without limitation, registrations, recordings, and applications in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of any State of the United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, (ii) all reissues, extensions, or renewals thereof and (iii) the goodwill associated with or symbolized by any of the foregoing. 

(f)

Trademark License shall mean all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any of the Debtors or in which any of the Debtors now has or hereafter acquires any rights: any written agreement granting any right to use any Trademark or Trademark registration, in each case to the extent assignable by any Debtor; provided, that, the Company has identified on Schedule B attached hereto whether 

or not any of the Debtors Trademarks or Trademark registrations are not assignable.

Section 2.

Grant of Security. 

(a)

Each of the Debtors hereby grants to Lender, a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens), in all of such Debtors right, title, and interest in and to the following (the Collateral): 

(i)

all of its Patents and all Patent Licenses to which it is a party, including, but not limited to, those set forth on Schedule A hereto; 

(ii)

all of its Trademarks and all Trademark Licenses to which it is a party, including, but not limited to, those set forth on Schedule B hereto, together with all goodwill of the business connected with the use of, and symbolized by, each Trademark and each Trademark License; 

(iii)

all of its Copyrights and all Copyright Licenses to which it is a party, including, but not limited to, those set forth on Schedule C hereto;

(iv)

all reissues, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, extensions, renewals, and reexaminations of any of the foregoing, all rights in the foregoing provided by international treaties or conventions, all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world and all other rights of any kind whatsoever of the Debtors accruing thereunder or pertaining thereto; 

(v)

any and all claims for damages and injunctive relief for past, present, and future infringement, dilution, misappropriation, violation, misuse, breach, or injury with respect to any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect, or otherwise recover, such damages; 

(vi)

any and all products and proceeds of, collateral for, income, royalties, and other payments now or hereafter due and payable with respect to, and supporting obligations relating to, any and all of the Collateral of or arising from any of the foregoing. Except as may be set forth on Schedule D hereto, the Debtor is the sole owner of the Collateral, free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights or claims, and is fully authorized to grant the first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in the Collateral. Except as set forth on Schedule D hereto, there is not on file in any governmental or regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than those that will be filed in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting the Collateral. So long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Debtor shall not execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any such financing statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or recorded as of the 

date hereof or in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement); and

(vii)

all of its domain names, including, but not limited to, those set forth on Schedule E hereto.

(b)

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute an assignment of any asset which, in the event of an assignment, becomes void by operation of applicable law or the assignment of which is otherwise prohibited by applicable law (in each case to the extent that such applicable law is not overridden by Sections 9-406, 9-407 and/or 9-408 of the UCC or other similar applicable law); provided, however, that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall create a valid security interest in such asset and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, this IP Security Agreement shall create a valid security interest in the proceeds of such asset. 

Section 3.

Security for Obligations. The grant of a first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) in the Collateral by the Debtors under this IP Security Agreement secures the prompt and complete payment and performance when due of all of the Obligations (as defined in the Security Agreement), whether direct or indirect, now existing or hereafter arising, absolute or contingent, and whether for principal, reimbursement obligations, interest, premiums, penalties, fees, guarantee obligations, indemnifications, contract causes of action, costs, expenses, or otherwise. 

Section 4.

Recordation. Each of the Debtors authorizes and requests that the Register of Copyrights, the Commissioner for Patents, the Commissioner for Trademarks and any other applicable governmental authority record this IP Security Agreement. 

Section 5.

Grants, Rights and Remedies. This IP Security Agreement has been entered into in conjunction with the provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Security Agreement. Each Debtor does hereby acknowledge and confirm that the grant of the first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens)), and the rights and remedies of, Lender with respect to the Collateral are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein. 

Section 6.

Future Acquisitions. The Company represents and warrants that Schedules A, B and C attached hereto set forth any and all intellectual property rights in connection to which the Company has registered or filed an application with either the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable. The Company shall give the Lender prior written notice of no less than five (5) Business Days before filing any additional application for registration of any trademark and prompt notice in writing of any additional trademark registrations, patent registration, or copyright registrations granted therefor after the date hereof. Without limiting the Companys obligations under this paragraph, each of the Debtors hereby authorizes the Lender unilaterally to modify this IP Security Agreement by amending Schedules A, B or C to include any future patents, trademarks, copyrights, licenses thereto or applications therefor of any Debtor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure to so modify this IP Security Agreement or amend Schedules A, B or C shall in any way affect, invalidate or detract from 

Lenders continuing first priority security interest (subject to Permitted Liens)) in all Collateral, whether or not listed on Schedule A, B or C.

Section 7.

Remedies. If there occurs an Event of Default, the Lender shall be entitled to exercise any and all remedies available to the Secured Lender under the Security Agreement for the benefit of Lender. 

Section 8.

Term of Agreement. This IP Security Agreement shall terminate on the date on which all payments under the Note have been indefeasibly paid in full. Upon termination of this IP Security Agreement, the Lender shall promptly execute such documents or instruments and take such further actions as the Company or any Debtor may reasonably request for the purposes of releasing the security interests granted herein. Debtor may file any terminations with any applicable office upon such termination date. 

Section 9.

Miscellaneous. Section 19 of the Security Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein, mutatis mutandis. 

Section 10.

Governing Law. This IP Security Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its choice of law provisions that would require the application of another states laws.

Section 11.

Execution in Counterparts. This IP Security Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

[Signatures appear on following page]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Debtor has caused this IP Security Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.

CV Sciences, Inc.

BY:

______________

Joseph Dowling

CEO

Star Sky Foods, LLC

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

Cultured Foods Sp. z.o.o

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

Elevated Softgels, LLC

By:_________________________________

Name: Joseph Dowling

Title: CEO

[***] , AS LENDER

BY:

_______________

Trustee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cvsi-20250212.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Soliciting Material 
Document Period End Date 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Written Communications 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 12, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 12, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CV SCIENCES, INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 000-54677

Entity Tax Identification Number 80-0944970

Entity Address, Address Line One 9530 Padgett Street, Suite 107

Entity Address, City or Town San Diego

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92126

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 290-2157

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001510964

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
19 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.cvsciences.com/20250212/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cvsi-20250212.htm 
cvsi-20250212.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-023618-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>cvsi-20250212_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001510964 

2025-02-12 
2025-02-12 

false 
0001510964 
2025-02-12 
8-K 
CV SCIENCES, INC. 
DE 
000-54677 
80-0944970 
9530 Padgett Street, Suite 107 
San Diego 
CA 
92126 
866 
290-2157 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>