<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000078239-25-000021.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0000078239-25-000021.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402162631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000078239-25-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250401
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PVH CORP. /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000078239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		EIN:				131166910
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0202

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07572
		FILM NUMBER:		25805077

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		285 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2123813500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		285 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHILLIPS VAN HEUSEN CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>pvh-20250401.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?pvh-20250401

0000078239FALSE00000782392025-04-012025-04-010000078239us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-04-012025-04-010000078239pvh:A4.125SeniorNotesDue2029Member2025-04-012025-04-01

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)April 1, 2025

PVH CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 001-07572 13-1166910 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

285 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (212)-381-3500

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act 

(17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act 

(17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $1.00 par value PVH New York Stock Exchange

4.125% Senior Notes due 2029 PVH29 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 1, 2025, PVH Corp. (the Company) entered into separate accelerated share repurchase agreements (each, an ASR Agreement) with each of Barclays Capital Inc., acting as agent for Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays), and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (together with Barclays, the Dealers) to repurchase an aggregate of $500 million of the Companys common stock pursuant to the Companys existing $5.0 billion stock repurchase authorization.

Under the ASR Agreements, the Company made payments in an aggregate amount of $500 million to the Dealers and received initial deliveries of an aggregate amount of 4,579,354 shares of the Companys common stock from the Dealers. The total number of shares ultimately repurchased will be determined upon final settlement and will be based on a discount to the daily volume-weighted average price of the Companys common stock over the term of the ASR Agreements. The Company anticipates that the final settlement will occur during the third quarter of its 2025 fiscal year. All of the shares of the Companys common stock delivered to the Company under the ASR Agreements will be held in treasury.

Each ASR Agreement contains provisions customary for agreements of this type, including, among others, provisions for adjustments to the transaction terms upon certain specified events, the circumstances generally under which final settlement of the ASR Agreement may be accelerated or extended or the ASR Agreement may be terminated early by the applicable Dealer or the Company, and various acknowledgements and representations made by the Company and the Dealers, as applicable, to each other.

A form of the ASR Agreements is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the ASR Agreements is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of the ASR Agreements.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit

10.1 

Form of ASR Agreements.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PVH CORP.

(Registrant)

By: /s/ Mark D. Fischer 

Name: Mark D. Fischer

Title: Executive Vice President and Secretary 

Date: April 2, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

To: PVH Corp.

285 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10017

From: [__]

Re: Accelerated Stock Repurchases

This master confirmation (this Master Confirmation), dated as of [], 2025, and entered into at [] p.m., New York City time, on such date, is intended to set forth certain terms and provisions of certain Transactions (each, a Transaction) entered into from time to time between [__] (Dealer) and PVH Corp. (Counterparty). This Master Confirmation, taken alone, is neither a commitment by either party to enter into any Transaction nor evidence of a Transaction. The additional terms of any particular Transaction shall be set forth in a Supplemental Confirmation in the form of Schedule A hereto (a Supplemental Confirmation), which shall reference this Master Confirmation and supplement, form a part of, and be subject to this Master Confirmation. This Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation together shall constitute a Confirmation as referred to in the Agreement specified below.

The definitions and provisions contained in the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (the EquityDefinitions), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), are incorporated into this Master Confirmation. This Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation evidence a complete binding agreement between Counterparty and Dealer as to the subject matter and terms of each Transaction to which this Master Confirmation and such Supplemental Confirmation relate and shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous written or oral communications with respect thereto.

This Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation supplement, form a part of, and are subject to an agreement in the form of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement (the Agreement) as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed the Agreement on the date of this Master Confirmation (but without any Schedule except for (i) Multiple Transaction Payment Netting shall not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of the Agreement, (ii) the replacement of both instances of the word first in the third line of Section 5(a)(i) of the Agreement with the word second, (iii) the insertion of , absent manifest error immediately before the period at the end of the last sentence of Section 6(d)(i) of the Agreement, (iv) the election that the Cross Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement shall apply to Dealer and Counterparty, with a Threshold Amount equal to [__]% of stockholders equity applicable to each party; provided that (A) the words , or becoming capable at such time of being declared, shall be deleted from such Section 5(a)(vi); (B) the following sentence shall be added to the end of such Section 5(a)(vi): Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if (i) the event or condition referred to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature, (ii) funds were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due and (iii) such payment is made within two Local Business Days of such partys receipt of written notice of its failure to pay; and (C) the term Specified Indebtedness shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14 of the Agreement, except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a partys banking business, and (v) the replacement of 15 with 30 in Sections 5(a)(vii)(4)(B) and (7) of the Agreement).

The Transactions shall be the sole Transactions under the Agreement. If there exists any Master Agreement in a form published by ISDA between Dealer and Counterparty or any confirmation or other agreement between Dealer and Counterparty pursuant to which such a Master Agreement is deemed to exist between Dealer and Counterparty (each such ISDA Master Agreement, confirmation and other agreement, an Other Agreement), then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Other Agreement, the Transactions shall not be considered or deemed to be Transactions under, or otherwise governed by, such Other Agreement.

1

All provisions contained or incorporated by reference in the Agreement shall govern this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation except as expressly modified herein or in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

If, in relation to any Transaction to which this Master Confirmation and a Supplemental Confirmation relate, there is any inconsistency between the Agreement, this Master Confirmation, such Supplemental Confirmation and the Equity Definitions, the following will prevail for purposes of such Transaction in the order of precedence indicated: (i) such Supplemental Confirmation; (ii) this Master Confirmation; (iii) the Agreement and (iv) the Equity Definitions.

1. Each Transaction constitutes a Share Forward Transaction for the purposes of the Equity Definitions. Set forth below are the terms and conditions that, together with the terms and conditions set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation relating to any Transaction, shall govern such Transaction.

General Terms:

Trade Date: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation. 

Buyer: Counterparty.

Seller: Dealer.

Shares: Common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Counterparty (Ticker: PVH).

Exchange: The New York Stock Exchange.

Related Exchange(s): All Exchanges; provided that Section 1.26 of the Equity Definitions shall be amended to add the words United States before the word exchange in the tenth line of such Section.

Prepayment\Variable Obligation: Applicable.

Prepayment Amount: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation. 

Prepayment Date: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation. 

Valuation:

VWAP Price: For any Exchange Business Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent based on the 10b-18 volume weighted average price per Share for the regular trading session (including any extensions thereof) on such Exchange Business Day (without regard to pre-open or after hours trading outside of such regular trading session for such Exchange Business Day and excluding (i) opening (regular way) reported trades in the consolidated system on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) trades that occur in the last ten minutes before the scheduled close of trading on the Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and ten minutes before the scheduled close of the primary trading in the market where the trade is effected), in each case as published by Bloomberg at 4:15 p.m. New York City time (or 15 minutes following the end of any extension of the regular trading session) on such Exchange Business Day, on Bloomberg page PVH<Equity> AQR SEC (or any successor thereto), or if such price is not so reported on such Exchange Business Day for any reason or is, in the Calculation Agents determination, erroneous, such VWAP Price shall be as determined by the Calculation Agent. For purposes of calculating the VWAP Price, the Calculation Agent will include only those trades that (x) do not constitute trades described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, and (y) are reported during the period of time during which Counterparty could purchase its own shares 

2

under Rule 10b-18(b)(2) and are effected pursuant to the conditions of Rule 10b-18(b)(3), each under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (such trades, Rule 10b-18 Eligible Transactions).

Forward Price: For each Transaction, the average of the VWAP Prices for the Calculation Dates in the Calculation Period, subject to Valuation Disruption below.

Forward Price Adjustment Amount: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation. 

Calculation Period: For each Transaction, the period from and including the Calculation Period Start Date to and including the Termination Date. 

Calculation Period Start Date: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Termination Date: For each Transaction, the Scheduled Termination Date; provided that Dealer shall have the right to designate any Calculation Date on or after the First Acceleration Date to be the Termination Date (the AcceleratedTermination Date) by delivering notice to Counterparty of any such designation prior to 8:00 p.m. New York City time on the first Calculation Date following such Accelerated Termination Date (the Accelerated Termination Notice Date).

Calculation Dates: For each Transaction, any date that is both an Exchange Business Day and is set forth as a Calculation Date in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Scheduled Termination Date: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation, subject to postponement as provided in Valuation Disruption below.

First Acceleration Date: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Valuation Disruption: The definition of Market Disruption Event in Section 6.3(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, Latest Exercise Time, Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be and inserting the words on any Scheduled Trading Day during the Calculation Period or Settlement Valuation Period after the word material, in the third line thereof.

Section 6.3(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the remainder of the provision following the term Scheduled Closing Time in the fourth line thereof.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, to the extent that a Disrupted Day occurs (i) on a Scheduled Trading Day that is a Calculation Date for such Transaction, the Calculation Agent may postpone the Scheduled Termination Date to the next Calculation Date, or (ii) in the Settlement Valuation Period, the Calculation Agent may extend the Settlement Valuation Period by up to one Calculation Date for each Disrupted Day. If any such Disrupted Day is a Disrupted Day because of a Market Disruption Event (or a deemed Market Disruption Event as provided herein), the Calculation Agent shall determine whether (i) such Disrupted Day is a Disrupted Day in full, in which case the VWAP Price for such Disrupted Day shall not be included for purposes of determining the Forward Price or the Settlement Price, as the case may be, or (ii) such Disrupted Day is a Disrupted Day only in part, in which case the VWAP Price for such Disrupted Day shall be determined by the Calculation Agent based on Rule 10b-18 

3

Eligible Transactions in the Shares on such Disrupted Day effected before the relevant Market Disruption Event occurred and/or after the relevant Market Disruption Event ended, and the weighting of the VWAP Price for the relevant Calculation Dates during the Calculation Period or the Settlement Valuation Period, as the case may be, shall be adjusted by the Calculation Agent for purposes of determining the Forward Price or the Settlement Price, as the case may be, with such adjustments based on the duration of any Market Disruption Event and the volume, historical trading patterns and price of the Shares. Any Exchange Business Day on which, as of the relevant Trade Date, the Exchange is scheduled to close prior to its normal close of trading shall be deemed not to be an Exchange Business Day; if a closure of the Exchange prior to its normal close of trading on any Exchange Business Day is scheduled following such Trade Date, then such Exchange Business Day shall be deemed to be a Disrupted Day in full.

If a Disrupted Day occurs on a Scheduled Trading Day scheduled to be a Calculation Date during the Calculation Period or the Settlement Valuation Period, as the case may be, and each of the five immediately following Calculation Dates is a Disrupted Day, then the Calculation Agent may deem such fifth scheduled Calculation Date to be an Exchange Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day and determine the VWAP Price for such fifth scheduled Calculation Date using its good faith estimate of the value of the Shares on such fifth scheduled Calculation Date based on the volume, historical trading patterns and price of the Shares.

The Calculation Agent shall notify the parties of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day as promptly as practicable, and shall use good faith efforts to notify the parties of any determination pursuant to these Valuation Disruption provisions no later than the Exchange Business Day immediately following the last consecutive affected Calculation Date.

Settlement Terms:

Settlement Procedures: For each Transaction, if the Number of Shares to be Delivered is positive, Physical Settlement shall be applicable; provided that Dealer does not, and shall not, make the agreement or the representations set forth in Section 9.11 of the Equity Definitions related to the restrictions, obligations, limitations or requirements under applicable securities laws with respect to any Shares delivered by Dealer to Counterparty under any Transaction arising as a result of Counterparty being the issuer of such Shares. For each Transaction, if the Number of Shares to be Delivered is negative, then the Counterparty Settlement Provisions in Annex A hereto shall apply.

Number of Share to be Delivered: A number of Shares equal to (x)(a) the Prepayment Amount divided by (b) the Divisor Amount minus (y) the number of Initial Shares. Notwithstanding Section 9.2 of the Equity Definitions, the Number of Shares to be Delivered shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares and no Fractional Share Amounts shall be delivered.

Divisor Amount: The greater of (i) the Forward Price minus the Forward Price Adjustment Amount and (ii) $1.00. 

Excess Dividend Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, all references to the Excess Dividend Amount shall be deleted from Section 9.2(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions. 

4

Settlement Date: If the Number of Shares to be Delivered is positive, the first Clearance System Business Day immediately following the Termination Date; provided that with respect to any Accelerated Termination Date, the date shall be the date that falls one Settlement Cycle following the Accelerated Termination Notice Date.

Settlement Currency: USD.

Initial Share Delivery: For each Transaction, Dealer shall deliver a number of Shares equal to the Initial Shares to Counterparty on the Initial Share Delivery Date in accordance with Section 9.4 of the Equity Definitions, with the Initial Share Delivery Date deemed to be a Settlement Date for purposes of such Section 9.4.

Initial Share Delivery Date: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Initial Shares: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Share Adjustments:

Potential Adjustment Event: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.2(e) of the Equity Definitions, (i) an Extraordinary Dividend shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event and (ii) none of the Transactions pursuant to this Master Confirmation, any Other Specified Repurchase Agreement nor any Permitted OMR Transaction (each as defined below) shall constitute a Potential Adjustment Event.

It shall constitute an additional Potential Adjustment Event if the Scheduled Termination Date for any Transaction is postponed pursuant to Valuation Disruption above, in which case the Calculation Agent shall adjust any relevant terms of any such Transaction as necessary to account for the economic effect on any Transaction of such postponement(taking into consideration any postponement pursuant to Valuation Disruption above); provided that the Calculation Agent shall not change the designation of any Calculation Date.

Extraordinary Dividend: For any Transaction, for any calendar quarter, any dividend or distribution on the Shares with an ex-dividend date occurring during such calendar quarter (other than any dividend or distribution of the type described in Section 11.2(e)(i) or Section 11.2(e)(ii)(A) of the Equity Definitions) (a Dividend) the amount or value of which per Share (as determined by the Calculation Agent), when aggregated with the amount or value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of any and all previous Dividends with ex-dividend dates occurring in the same calendar quarter, exceeds the Ordinary Dividend Amount for such Transaction.

Ordinary Dividend Amount: For each Transaction, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Method of Adjustment: Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Agreement Regarding Dividends: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Master Confirmation, the Equity Definitions or the Agreement to the contrary, in calculating any adjustment pursuant to Article 11 of the Equity Definitions or any amount payable in respect of any termination or cancellation of any Transaction pursuant to Article 12 of the Equity Definitions or Section 6 of the Agreement, the Calculation Agent shall not take into account changes to any dividends since the Trade Date. For the avoidance of 

5

doubt, if an Early Termination Date occurs in respect of any Transaction, the amount payable pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement in respect of such Early Termination Date shall be determined without regard to the difference between actual dividends declared (including Extraordinary Dividends) and expected dividends as of the Trade Date.

Scheduled Ex-Dividend Dates: For each Transaction for each calendar quarter, as set forth in the related Supplemental Confirmation.

Extraordinary Events:

Consequences of

Merger Events:

(a) Share-for-Share: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment.

(b) Share-for-Other: Cancellation and Payment. 

(c) Share-for-Combined: Component Adjustment.

Tender Offer: Applicable; provided that (i) Section 12.1(d) of the Equity Definitions shall be amended by replacing 10% in the third line thereof with [__]%.

Consequences of

Tender Offers:

(a) Share-for-Share: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment.

(b) Share-for-Other: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment.

(c) Share-for-Combined: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment.

Any adjustment to the terms of any Transaction hereunder and the determination of any amounts due upon termination of any Transaction hereunder as a result of a Merger Event or Tender Offer shall be made without duplication in respect of any prior adjustment hereunder (including, without limitation, any prior adjustment pursuant to Sections 8 and 9 below).

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: Cancellation and Payment; provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it shall also constitute a Delisting if the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Disruption Events:

Change in Law: Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof with the phrase , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation and (ii) replacing the word 

6

Shares where it appears in clause (X) thereof with the words Hedge Positions; providedfurther that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the parenthetical beginning after the word regulation in the second line thereof with the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, a Change in Law described in clause (Y) of Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions shall not constitute a Change in Law and instead shall constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging as described in Section 12.9(a)(vi) of the Equity Definitions.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable.

Insolvency Filing: Applicable.

Hedging Disruption: Not Applicable.

Increased Cost of Hedging: Applicable solely with respect to a Change in Law described in clause (Y) of Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions as set forth in the last sentence opposite the caption Change in Law above.

Loss of Stock Borrow: Applicable; provided that an event shall not constitute a Loss of Stock Borrow if such event is solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party.

Maximum Stock Loan Rate: [__] basis points perannum.

Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: Applicable; provided that an event shall not constitute an Increased Cost of Stock Borrow if such event is solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Hedging Party.

Initial Stock Loan Rate: [__] basis points per annum.

Hedging Party: Dealer or an affiliate of Dealer that is involved in the hedging of the Transactions for all applicable Additional Disruption Events; provided that when making any determination or calculation as the Hedging Party, Dealer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall promptly provide Counterparty with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any determination or calculation made by it (including any quotations, market data or information from internal sources used in making such determinations, but without disclosing its proprietary models or other information that it determines in good faith is likely to be proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information).

Determining Party: Dealer for all applicable Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events; provided that when making any determination or calculation as the Determining Party, Dealer shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and shall promptly provide Counterparty with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any determination or calculation made by it (including any quotations, market data or information from internal sources used in making such determinations, but without disclosing its proprietary models or other information that it determines in good faith is likely to be proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information).

7

Additional Termination Event(s): The declaration by the Issuer of:

(i) any Extraordinary Dividend, the ex-dividend date for which occurs or is scheduled to occur during the Relevant Dividend Period, and/or

(ii) any Dividend that is not an Extraordinary Dividend, if the ex-dividend date for such Dividend for any calendar quarter occurring (in whole or in part) during the Relevant Dividend Period will be prior to the Scheduled Ex-Dividend Date for such calendar quarter,

shall in each case constitute an Additional Termination Event, with Counterparty as the sole Affected Party and all Transactions hereunder as the Affected Transactions.

Relevant Dividend Period: For each Transaction, the period from and including the Calculation Period Start Date for such Transaction to and including the Relevant Dividend Period End Date for such Transaction. 

Relevant Dividend Period End Date: For each Transaction, if the Number of Shares to be Delivered is negative for such Transaction, the last day of the Settlement Valuation Period; otherwise, the Termination Date for such Transaction. 

Non-Reliance/Agreements and Acknowledgments Regarding Hedging Activities/Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable.

Hedging Adjustments: For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the Determining Party, Hedging Party or Calculation Agent is permitted or required to make an adjustment or a determination of any amount pursuant to the terms of this Master Confirmation, the Equity Definitions or the Agreement to take into account the effect of any event, the Determining Party, Hedging Party or Calculation Agent, as the case may be, shall make such adjustment or determination in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to the effect of such event on the Hedging Party, assuming that the Hedging Party maintains a commercially reasonable Hedge Position.

Transfer: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Dealer may assign, transfer and set over all rights, title and interest, powers, privileges and remedies of Dealer under any Transaction (a Transfer), in whole or in part without the consent of Counterparty; provided that: (i) Counterparty would not, at the time and as a result of such Transfer, be required to pay (including a payment in kind) at such time or on any later date an amount in respect of an Indemnifiable Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement (except in respect of interest under Section 9(h) of the Agreement) greater than the amount in respect of which Counterparty would have been required to pay to Dealer absent such Transfer; (ii) Counterparty would not, at the time and as a result of such Transfer, receive a payment (including a payment in kind) which at such time or on any later date an amount had been withheld or deducted, on account of a Tax under Section 2(d)(i) of the Agreement (except in respect of interest under Section 9(h) of the Agreement), in excess of that which Dealer would have been required to so withhold or deduct absent such designation, unless such transferee would be required to make additional payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement in an amount equal to such excess; (iii) Counterparty would not, at the time and as a result of such Transfer, reasonably be expected to otherwise suffer material adverse tax consequences therefrom at such time or on any later date; (iv) immediately upon giving effect to such Transfer, no Event of Default, no Potential Event of Default and no 

8

Termination Event will have occurred as a result thereof; (v) Dealer shall have caused such transferee to make such Payee Tax Representations and to provide such tax documentation as may be reasonably requested by Counterparty to permit Counterparty to determine prior to such Transfer that the results described in (i) above would not occur; (vi) such transferee is a dealer within the meaning of Section 1.1001-4(b)(1) of the United States Treasury Regulations; and (vii) Counterparty would not, at the time and as a result of such designation, reasonably be expected to be required to become subject to any registration or other qualification requirement under applicable law to which it would not otherwise have been subject absent such Transfer.

Tax Representations and Tax Form Deliverables: For purposes of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, Counterparty represents that it is a U.S. person (as that term is used in Sections 1.1441-1(c)(2) and 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of the United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

For purposes of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, Dealer represents that [__].

For purposes of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement Counterparty agrees to deliver to Dealer, a correct, complete (in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Dealer) and executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) (i) prior to or promptly upon execution of this Master Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Dealer and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided to Dealer has become obsolete or incorrect.

For purposes of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement Dealer agrees to deliver to Counterparty, a correct, complete (in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Counterparty) and executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form [__] (or successor thereto) (i) prior to or promptly upon execution of this Master Confirmation, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Counterparty and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided to Counterparty has become obsolete or incorrect.

Dealer Payment Instructions: [__]

Dealer Delivery Instructions: To be provided by Dealer.

Dealers Contact Details for Purpose of Giving Notice: [__]

Counterpartys Contact Details for Purpose of Giving Notice: PVH Corp. [__]

9

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including, without limitation, Section 31 below), with respect to any notice or other communication given hereunder that is given by e-mail, the parties hereby agree that the burden of proving receipt will be on the sender and will not be met by a copy of the sent message generated by the senders computer or other transmission device unless that copy is accompanied by (x) a copy of a delivery receipt message from the recipients computer or other end point device or (y) a recording or other reasonable evidence (including a contemporaneous written record) that a responsible employee of the recipient telephonically or otherwise orally confirmed the recipients receipt of the senders e-mail. With respect to clause (x) above, the parties agree that if return receipt is requested, the receiving party shall promptly acknowledge receipt.

For the avoidance of doubt, the mere inclusion of a telephone or facsimile number in this Master Confirmation or in a Supplemental Confirmation will not constitute an agreement that any notice or other communication may be given telephonically or via facsimile transmission.

2. Calculation Agent. Dealer; provided that if an Event of Default described in Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the Defaulting Party has occurred and is continuing, Counterparty may designate a nationally or internationally recognized third party dealer with expertise in over-the-counter corporate equity derivatives (other than any such dealer that is party to any Other Specified Repurchase Agreement or any affiliate of such dealer) to act as substitute Calculation Agent for so long as such Event of Default is continuing. The costs of such third party dealer shall be borne equally by the parties. Following any adjustment, determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent, upon a request by Counterparty, the Calculation Agent will provide to Counterparty within three (3) Exchange Business Days following receipt of such request, a report (in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data but without disclosing any proprietary models of the Calculation Agent or other information that it determines in good faith is or is likely to be proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations not to disclose such information) displaying in reasonable detail the basis for such determination, adjustment or calculation, as the case may be. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required or permitted to exercise discretion in any way, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with Section 1.40 of the Equity Definitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, this Master Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation, the Calculation Agent shall not change the dates identified as Calculation Dates in the relevant Supplemental Confirmation for any Transaction.

3. Additional Mutual Representations and Covenants of Each Party. In addition to the representations and covenants in the Agreement, each party, as applicable, represents and covenants to the other party that:

(a) Eligible Contract Participant. It is an eligible contract participant, as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (as amended), and is entering into each Transaction hereunder as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise) and not for the benefit of any third party.

(b) Accredited Investor. Each party acknowledges that the offer and sale of each Transaction to it is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof. Accordingly, each party represents to the other that (i) it has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of its investment in each Transaction and is able to bear a total loss of its investment, (ii) it is an accredited investor as that term is defined under Regulation D under the Securities Act and (iii) the disposition of each Transaction is restricted under this Master Confirmation, the Securities Act and state securities laws.

(c) No Recourse to Third Parties. Each party agrees it will look solely to the other party (or any guarantor in respect thereof) for performance of such other partys obligations under any Transaction.

(d) Rule 10b-18. With respect to purchases of Shares by Dealer in connection with any Transaction during the Calculation Period for such Transaction (other than any purchases made by Dealer in connection with dynamic hedge adjustments of Dealers exposure to any Transaction as a result of any equity optionality contained in such Transaction, including, for the avoidance of doubt, timing optionality), Dealer will use good faith, commercially reasonable efforts to effect such purchases (i) only on the Calculation Dates and (ii) in a manner so that, if such purchases were made by Counterparty, they would meet the requirements of Rule 10b-18(b)(2), (3) and (4), and effect calculations in respect thereof, taking into account any applicable Securities and Exchange 

10

Commission no-action letters as appropriate and subject to any delays between the execution and reporting of a trade of the Shares on the Exchange and other circumstances beyond Dealers control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dealer shall not be responsible for any failure to comply with Rule 10b-18(b)(3) that would not have resulted if (i) a bid that was actually entered or deemed to be entered by or on behalf of Counterparty or an affiliated purchaser (as defined under Rule 10b-18) (other than as provided in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction) had instead been an independent bid for purposes of Rule 10b-18(b)(3), or (ii) a transaction that was actually executed or deemed to be executed by or on behalf of Counterparty or an affiliated purchaser (other than as provided in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction) had instead been an independent transaction within the meaning of Rule 10b-18(b)(3).

4. Additional Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Counterparty. In addition to the representations, warranties and covenants in the Agreement, Counterparty represents, warrants and covenants to Dealer on the Trade Date for each Transaction, unless another date or dates are specified below, as follows:

(a) As of the Trade Date of a Transaction, Counterparty will not be engaged in an issuer tender offer as such term is defined in Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act, nor is it aware of any third party tender offer with respect to the Shares within the meaning of Rule 13e-1 under the Exchange Act.

(b) It is not entering into such Transaction (i) on the basis of, and is not aware of, any material nonpublic information with respect to the Shares, (ii) in anticipation of, in connection with, or to facilitate, a distribution of its securities, a self tender offer or a third-party tender offer or (iii) to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares).

(c) Each Transaction is being entered into pursuant to a publicly disclosed Share buy-back program and its Board of Directors has approved the use of derivatives to effect the Share buy-back program.

(d) Without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that neither Dealer nor any of its Affiliates is making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of any Transaction under any accounting standards including ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity.

(e) As of (i) the date hereof and (ii) the Trade Date for each Transaction hereunder, Counterparty is in compliance in all material respects with its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act.

(f) Counterparty shall report each Transaction if, and to the extent, required under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(g) The Shares are not, and Counterparty will not cause the Shares to be, subject to a restricted period (as defined in Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act) at any time during any Regulation M Period (as defined below) for any Transaction unless Counterparty has provided written notice to Dealer of such restricted period not later than the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the first day of such restricted period; Counterparty acknowledges that any such notice may cause a Disrupted Day to occur pursuant to Section 5 below; accordingly, Counterparty acknowledges that its delivery of such notice must comply with the standards set forth in Section 6 below; Regulation M Period means, for any Transaction, (i) the Relevant Period (as defined below) and (ii) the Settlement Valuation Period, if any, for such Transaction. Relevant Period means, for any Transaction, the period commencing on the Calculation Period Start Date for such Transaction and ending on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Termination Date and (ii) the Additional Relevant Day (as specified in the related Supplemental Confirmation) for such Transaction, or such earlier day as elected by Dealer and communicated to Counterparty on such day (or, if later, the First Acceleration Date without regard to any acceleration thereof pursuant to Special Provisions for Acquisition Transaction Announcements below).

11

(h) As of the Trade Date and the Prepayment Date for each Transaction, Counterparty is not insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code), as amended (the Bankruptcy Code)) and Counterparty would be able to purchase a number of Shares with a value equal to the Prepayment Amount in compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Counterpartys incorporation.

(i) Counterparty is not and, after giving effect to any Transaction, will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(j) Counterparty has not and will not enter into agreements with respect to the Shares similar to the Transactions described herein where the relevant calculation or valuation dates in any initial hedge period, calculation period, relevant period or settlement valuation period (each however defined) in any such other transaction will coincide at any time (including as a result of extensions in such initial hedge period, calculation period, relevant period or settlement valuation period as provided in the relevant agreements) with the Calculation Dates in any Relevant Period or, if applicable, any Settlement Valuation Period under this Master Confirmation, except for the avoidance of doubt pursuant to an Other Specified Repurchase Agreement. In the event that any relevant calculation or valuation dates in any initial hedge period, relevant period, calculation period or settlement valuation period in any other similar transaction with respect to the Shares coincides with any Calculation Dates in any Relevant Period or, if applicable, Settlement Valuation Period under this Master Confirmation as a result of any postponement of the Scheduled Termination Date or extension of the Settlement Valuation Period pursuant to Valuation Disruption above, Counterparty shall promptly amend such transaction to avoid any such overlap. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4(j) shall prohibit or apply to the Permitted Purchases (as defined below).

(k) Counterparty understands that no obligations of Dealer to it hereunder will be entitled to the benefit of deposit insurance and that such obligations will not be guaranteed by any affiliate of Dealer or any governmental agency.

5. Regulatory Disruption. In the event that Dealer concludes, in its good faith, commercially reasonable discretion based on the advice of counsel, that it is appropriate with respect to any legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements or related policies and procedures (whether or not such requirements, policies or procedures are imposed by law or have been voluntarily adopted by Dealer (provided that any such requirements, policies or procedures are generally applicable to transactions of this nature and related to compliance with applicable law, regulation, or self-regulation for Dealer and applied hereto in a non-discriminatory manner and in a consistent manner to similarly affected transactions generally)), for it to refrain from or decrease any market activity on any Scheduled Trading Day or Days in order to establish, maintain or unwind commercially reasonable Hedge Positions during the Calculation Period or, if applicable, the Settlement Valuation Period, Dealer may by written notice to Counterparty elect to deem that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and will be continuing on such Scheduled Trading Day or Days; provided that if such deemed Market Disruption Event is deemed to have occurred solely in response to such policies or procedures, such Scheduled Trading Day or Days will each be a Disrupted Day in full. Dealer shall promptly notify Counterparty upon exercising its rights pursuant to this provision and shall subsequently notify Counterparty in writing on the Scheduled Trading Day Dealer reasonably believes in good faith and upon the advice of counsel that it may resume its market activity.

6. 10b5-1 Plan. Counterparty represents, warrants and covenants to Dealer that:

(a) Counterparty is entering into this Master Confirmation and each Transaction hereunder in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b5-1) or any other antifraud or anti-manipulation provisions of the federal or applicable state securities laws and that it has not entered into or altered and will not enter into or alter any corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the entry into any Other Specified Repurchase Agreement nor any Permitted OMR Transactions shall fall within the ambit of the previous sentence. Counterparty acknowledges that it is the intent of the parties that each Transaction entered into under this Master Confirmation comply with the requirements of paragraphs (c)(1)(i)(A) and (B) of Rule 10b5-1 and each Transaction 

12

entered into under this Master Confirmation shall be interpreted to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c). Other Specified Repurchase Agreement means, for any Transaction, any similar and substantially contemporaneous transaction or transactions entered into between Counterparty and one or more dealers other than Dealer, each of which other transactions shall have terms substantially identical to the terms of such Transaction, except for pricing terms and calculation dates that do not coincide with any Calculation Dates hereunder.

(b) Counterparty will not seek to control or influence Dealers decision to make any purchases or sales (within the meaning of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B)(3)) under any Transaction, including, without limitation, Dealers decision to enter into any hedging transactions. Counterparty represents and warrants that it has consulted with its own advisors as to the legal aspects of its adoption and implementation of this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation under Rule 10b5-1.

(c) Counterparty acknowledges and agrees that any amendment, modification, waiver or termination of this Master Confirmation or the relevant Supplemental Confirmation must be effected in accordance with the requirements for the amendment or termination of a plan as defined in Rule 10b5-1(c). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any such amendment, modification, waiver or termination shall be made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5, and no such amendment, modification or waiver shall be made at any time at which Counterparty or any officer, director, manager or similar person of Counterparty is aware of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares.

7. Counterparty Purchases. Counterparty (or any of its affiliated purchasers as defined in Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b-18)) shall not, without the prior written consent of Dealer, directly or indirectly purchase any Shares (including by means of a derivative instrument), listed contracts on the Shares or securities that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for Shares (including, without limitation, any Rule 10b-18 purchases of blocks (as defined in Rule 10b-18)) on any Calculation Date during any Relevant Period or, if applicable, Settlement Valuation Period, except through Dealer or pursuant to the Permitted OMR Transactions.

Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph or anything herein to the contrary, Counterparty may purchase Shares (i) on any Calculation Date pursuant to any Rule 10b5-1 or Rule 10b-18 repurchase plan entered into with Dealer or an Affiliate of Dealer (each, a Dealer Permitted OMR Transaction), so long as, on any Calculation Date, purchases under all Dealer Permitted OMR Transactions do not in the aggregate exceed the Designated OMR Threshold specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction on such Calculation Date, and (ii) on any Exchange Business Day other than a Calculation Date pursuant to any Rule 10b5-1 or Rule 10b-18 repurchase plan entered into with a counterparty to any Other Specified Repurchase Agreement (each, a Counterparty Permitted OMR Transaction and, together with any Dealer Permitted OMR Transaction, a Permitted OMR Transaction), so long as, on such Exchange Business Day, purchases under all Counterparty Permitted OMR Transactions do not in the aggregate exceed the Designated OMR Threshold specified in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction on such Exchange Business Day. In addition, the preceding paragraph shall not limit (w) Counterpartys purchases of Shares that do not constitute Rule 10b-18 purchases under subparagraphs (ii) or (iii) of Rule 10b-18(a)(13), (x) Counterpartys purchases of Shares pursuant to employee incentive plans in connection with related equity transactions, or the granting of Shares or options to affiliated purchasers (as defined in Rule 10b-18) or the ability of such affiliated purchasers to acquire such Shares or options, in connection with Counterpartys compensation policies for directors, officers and employees, (y) withholding of Shares to cover amounts payable (including tax liabilities and/or payment of exercise price) in respect of the exercise of employee stock options or the vesting of restricted stock or stock units and (z) privately negotiated (off-market) transactions by Counterparty, not involving any derivative instrument, to purchase Shares from existing holders of Shares in transactions that are not expected to result in, or do not relate to, purchases of Shares in the public market by such existing holders in connection with such transactions. Purchases of Shares that are permitted by this paragraph are referred to herein as the Permitted Purchases.

8. Special Provisions for Merger Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Equity Definitions:

13

(a) Counterparty agrees that it:

(i) will not during the period commencing on the Trade Date through the end of the Relevant Period or, if applicable, the Settlement Valuation Period for any Transaction make, or, to the extent within its control, permit to be made, any public announcement (as defined in Rule 165(f) under the Securities Act) of any Merger Transaction (as defined below) or potential Merger Transaction (a Public Announcement) unless such Public Announcement is made prior to the opening or after the close of the regular trading session on the Exchange for the Shares, except to the extent required by any law applicable to Counterparty;

(ii) shall promptly (but in any event prior to the next opening of the regular trading session on the Exchange) notify Dealer following any such Public Announcement that such Public Announcement has been made; and

(iii) shall promptly (but in any event prior to the next opening of the regular trading session on the Exchange) provide Dealer with written notice specifying (i) Counterpartys average daily Rule 10b-18 purchases (as defined in Rule 10b-18) during the three full calendar months immediately preceding the date of such Public Announcement that were not effected through Dealer or its affiliates and (ii) the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the proviso in Rule 10b-18(b)(4) under the Exchange Act for the three full calendar months preceding the date of such Public Announcement. Such written notice shall be deemed to be a certification by Counterparty to Dealer that such information is true and correct. In addition, Counterparty shall promptly notify Dealer of the earlier to occur of the completion of the relevant Merger Transaction and the completion of the vote by target shareholders.

(b) Counterparty acknowledges that a Public Announcement may cause the terms of any Transaction to be adjusted or such Transaction to be terminated; accordingly, Counterparty acknowledges that in making any Public Announcement, it must comply with the standards set forth in Section 6 above.

(c) Upon the occurrence of any Public Announcement (whether made by Counterparty or a third party), Dealer in good faith and in its commercially reasonable discretion shall (i) make commercially reasonable adjustments to the terms of any Transaction (other than to the dates identified as Calculation Dates in the related Supplemental Confirmation) to account for the economic effect on such Transaction of such Merger Transaction, including, without limitation, the Scheduled Termination Date or the Forward Price Adjustment Amount, and/or suspend the Calculation Period and/or any Settlement Valuation Period, but excluding changing the designation of any Calculation Date (such adjustments to be limited to account for changes in the price of the Shares and volatility, stock loan rate and liquidity relevant to the Shares or such Transaction, and any adverse impact on Dealers hedging activity as a result of the application of Rule 10b-18(a)(13)(iv)), or (ii) if Dealer determines that no adjustment that it could make under clause (i) would produce a commercially reasonable result, treat the occurrence of such Public Announcement as an Additional Termination Event with Counterparty as the sole Affected Party and the Transactions hereunder as the Affected Transactions and with the amount under Section 6(e) of the Agreement determined taking into account the fact that the Calculation Period or Settlement Valuation Period, as the case may be, had fewer Calculation Dates than originally anticipated.

Merger Transaction means any merger, acquisition or similar transaction involving a recapitalization as referred to in Rule 10b-18(a)(13)(iv) under the Exchange Act, other than any such transaction in which the consideration consists solely of cash and there is no valuation period.

9. Special Provisions for Acquisition Transaction Announcements. (a) If an Acquisition Transaction Announcement (as defined below) occurs on or prior to the Settlement Date for any Transaction, then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of such Transaction as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate(including, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments that would result in the Number of Shares to be Delivered to be less than zero), at such time or at multiple times as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (without duplication), to account for the economic effect on such Transaction of such Acquisition Transaction Announcement (which adjustments shall solely account for changes in volatility, 

14

expected dividends, stock loan rate, value of any commercially reasonable Hedge Positions in connection with the Transaction and liquidity relevant to the Shares or to such Transaction within a commercially reasonable period of time (as determined by the Calculation Agent) before or after such Acquisition Transaction Announcement). For the avoidance of doubt, announcements as used in the definition of Acquisition Transaction Announcement refer only to any public announcement by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries.

(b) Acquisition Transaction Announcement means (i) the announcement of an Acquisition Transaction by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries that is reasonably likely to be completed (provided that for such purposes, in determining whether such Acquisition Transaction is reasonably likely to be completed, the Calculation Agent shall take into account the effect of such announcement on the market price of the Shares or options on the Shares and, if such effect is material, shall deem such Acquisition Transaction to be reasonably likely to be completed), (ii) an announcement that Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries has entered into an agreement or a letter of intent designed to result in an Acquisition Transaction, by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries or any other party that is a party to such agreement or letter of intent, (iii) the announcement by Counterparty of the intention to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives or other similar undertaking that include, an Acquisition Transaction, (iv) any other announcement by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries that in the judgment of the Calculation Agent is reasonably likely to result in an Acquisition Transaction (provided that for such purposes the Calculation Agent may take into account the effect of such announcement on the market price of the Shares or options on the Shares) or (v) any announcement of any material change or amendment to any previous Acquisition Transaction Announcement (including any announcement of the abandonment of any such previously announced Acquisition Transaction, agreement, letter of intent, or intention).

(c) Acquisition Transaction means (i) any Merger Event (for purposes of this definition the definition of Merger Event shall be read with the references therein to 100% being replaced by [__]% and to 50% by [__]% and without reference to the clause beginning immediately following the definition of Reverse Merger therein to the end of such definition), Tender Offer or Merger Transaction or any other transaction involving the merger of Counterparty with or into any third party, (ii) the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Counterparty, (iii) a recapitalization, reclassification, binding share exchange or other similar transaction with respect to Counterparty, and (iv) any acquisition, lease, exchange, transfer, disposition (including by way of spin-off or distribution) of assets (including any capital stock or other ownership interests in subsidiaries) or other similar event by Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries where the aggregate consideration transferable or receivable by or to Counterparty or its subsidiaries exceeds [__]% of the market capitalization of Counterparty.

10. Acknowledgments. 

(a) The parties hereto intend for:

(i) each Transaction to be a securities contract as defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code and 12 U.S.C. Section 1821(e)(8)(D)(ii), a swap agreement as defined in Section 101(53B) of the Bankruptcy Code and 12 U.S.C. Section 1821(e)(8)(D)(vi) and a forward contract as defined in Section 101(25) of the Bankruptcy Code and 12 U.S.C. Section 1821(e)(8)(D)(iv), and the parties hereto to be entitled to the protections afforded by, among other Sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 362(b)(27), 362(o), 546(e), 546(g), 546(j), 555, 556, 560 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code;

(ii) the Agreement to be a master netting agreement as defined in Section 101(38A) of the Bankruptcy Code and a netting contract as such term is used in 12 U.S.C. 1821(e)(13)(C)(ii);

(iii) a partys right to liquidate, terminate or accelerate any Transaction, net out or offset termination values or payment amounts, and to exercise any other remedies upon the occurrence of any Event of Default or Termination Event under the Agreement with respect to the other party or any Extraordinary Event that results in the termination or cancellation of any Transaction to constitute a contractual right (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code);

15

(iv) all payments for, under or in connection with each Transaction, all payments for the Shares (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of the Prepayment Amount) and the transfer of such Shares to constitute settlement payments and transfers (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code);

(v) each of the parties hereto to be a financial participant within the meaning of Section 101(22A) of the Bankruptcy Code; and

(vi) the Agreement (including this Master Confirmation and each Transaction hereunder) constitutes a qualified financial contract as such term is defined in Section 11(e)(8)(D) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1821(e)(8)(D)) and (vii) a Non-defaulting Partys rights under Sections 5 and 6 of the Agreement constitute rights of the kind referred to in 12 U.S.C. Section 1821(e)(8)(A) and 12 U.S.C. Section 5390(c)(8)(A).

(b) Counterparty acknowledges that:

(i) during the term of any Transaction, Dealer and its affiliates may buy or sell Shares or other securities or buy or sell options or futures contracts or enter into swaps or other derivative securities in order to establish, adjust or unwind its Hedge Position with respect to such Transaction;

(ii) Dealer and its affiliates may also be active in the market for the Shares and derivatives linked to the Shares other than in connection with hedging activities in relation to any Transaction, including acting as agent or as principal and for its own account or on behalf of customers;

(iii) Dealer shall make its own determination as to whether, when or in what manner any hedging or market activities in Counterpartys securities shall be conducted and shall do so in a manner that it deems appropriate to hedge its price and market risk with respect to the Forward Price and the VWAP Price;

(iv) any market activities of Dealer and its affiliates with respect to the Shares may affect the market price and volatility of the Shares, as well as the Forward Price and VWAP Price, each in a manner that may be adverse to Counterparty; and

(v) each Transaction is a derivatives transaction in which it has granted Dealer an option; Dealer may purchase shares for its own account at an average price that may be greater than, or less than, the price paid by Counterparty under the terms of the related Transaction.

(c) Counterparty:

(i) is an institutional account as defined in FINRA Rule 4512(c);

(ii) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, and will exercise independent judgment in evaluating the recommendations of Dealer or its associated persons, unless it has otherwise notified Dealer in writing; and

(iii) will notify Dealer if any of the statements contained in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 10(c) ceases to be true.

11. Credit Support Documents. The parties hereto acknowledge that no Transaction hereunder is secured by any collateral that would otherwise secure the obligations of Counterparty herein or pursuant to the Agreement.

12. No Set-off. Obligations under the Agreement shall not be subject to any Set-off (as defined below) by either party against any obligations of the other party or of that other partys affiliates. Set-off means set-off, offset, combination of accounts, right of retention or withholding or similar right or requirement to which the 

16

relevant payer of an amount is entitled or subject (whether arising under the Agreement, another contract, applicable law or otherwise) that is exercised by, or imposed on, such payer.

13. Delivery of Shares. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Dealer may, by prior notice to Counterparty, satisfy its obligation to deliver any Shares or other securities on any date due (an Original Delivery Date) by making separate deliveries of Shares or such securities, as the case may be, at more than one time on or prior to such Original Delivery Date, so long as the aggregate number of Shares and other securities so delivered on or prior to such Original Delivery Date is equal to the number required to be delivered on such Original Delivery Date.

14. Early Termination. In the event that (a) an Early Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) occurs or is designated with respect to any Transaction or (b) any Transaction is cancelled or terminated upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (except as a result of a Nationalization, an Insolvency or a Merger Event in which the consideration or proceeds to be paid to holders of Shares consists solely of cash), if either party would owe any amount to the other party pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement (any such amount, a Payment Amount), then, in lieu of any payment of such Payment Amount, Counterparty may, no later than the Early Termination Date or the date on which such Transaction is terminated, elect to deliver or for Dealer to deliver, as the case may be, to the other party a number of Shares (or, in the case of a Merger Event, a number of units, each comprising the number or amount of the securities or property that a hypothetical holder of one Share would receive in such Merger Event (each such unit, an Alternative Delivery Unit and, the securities or property comprising such unit, Alternative Delivery Property)) with a value equal to the Payment Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent (and the parties agree that, in making such determination of value, the Calculation Agent may take into account a number of factors, including the market price of the Shares or Alternative Delivery Property on the date of early termination and, if such delivery is made by Dealer, the prices at which Dealer purchases Shares or Alternative Delivery Property on any Calculation Date in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to fulfill its delivery obligations under this Section 14); provided that in determining the composition of any Alternative Delivery Unit, if the relevant Merger Event involves a choice of consideration to be received by holders, such holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive the maximum possible amount of cash; providedfurther that Counterparty may make such election only if Counterparty represents to Dealer in writing on the date it notifies Dealer of such election that, as of such date, Counterparty is not aware of any material non-public information concerning the Shares and is making such election in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the federal securities laws. If such delivery is made by Counterparty, paragraphs 2 through 7 of Annex A hereto shall apply as if such delivery were a settlement of the Transaction to which Net Share Settlement applied, the Cash Settlement Payment Date were the Early Termination Date and the Forward Cash Settlement Amount were zero (0) minus the Payment Amount owed by Counterparty. If delivery of Shares or Alternative Delivery Property, as the case may be, is to be made by Dealer pursuant to this Section 14, the parties agree that such purchases shall be made solely on Calculation Dates for the relevant Transaction.

15. Calculations and Payment Date upon Early Termination. The parties acknowledge and agree that in calculating a Close-out Amount pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement or a Cancellation Amount pursuant to Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions, Dealer may (but need not) determine losses and gains without reference to actual losses and gains incurred or realized but based on expected losses and gains assuming a commercially reasonable (including without limitation with regard to reasonable legal and regulatory guidelines and taking into account the existence and size, at such time, of any Other Specified Repurchase Agreements) risk bid were used to determine loss or gain to avoid awaiting the delay associated with closing out any commercially reasonable hedge or related trading position in a commercially reasonable manner prior to or sooner following the designation of an Early Termination Date or other date of cancellation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6(d)(ii) of the Agreement or Section 12.8 of Equity Definitions, all amounts calculated as being due in respect of an Early Termination Date in respect of a Transaction under Section 6(e) of the Agreement or Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions will be payable on the day that notice of the amount payable is effective; provided that if Counterparty elects to receive Shares or Alternative Delivery Property in accordance with Section 14 above, such Shares or Alternative Delivery Property shall be delivered on a date selected by Dealer as promptly as practicable.

17

16. Maximum Share Delivery. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Master Confirmation, in no event shall Dealer be required to deliver any Shares, or any Alternative Delivery Units, in respect of any Transaction in excess of the Maximum Number of Shares set forth in the Supplemental Confirmation for such Transaction.

17. Automatic Termination Provisions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6 of the Agreement, if a Termination Price is specified in any Supplemental Confirmation, then an Additional Termination Event with Counterparty as the sole Affected Party and the Transaction to which such Supplemental Confirmation relates as the Affected Transaction will automatically occur without any notice or action by Dealer or Counterparty if, on two consecutive Exchange Business Days, the closing price of the Shares on the Exchange is below such Termination Price, and the Exchange Business Day following such second consecutive Exchange Business Day will be the Early Termination Date for purposes of the Agreement.

18. Delivery of Cash. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Master Confirmation shall be interpreted as requiring Counterparty to deliver cash in respect of the settlement of the Transactions contemplated by this Master Confirmation following payment by Counterparty of the relevant Prepayment Amount, except in circumstances where the required cash settlement thereof is permitted for classification of the contract as equity by ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity, as in effect on the relevant Trade Date (including, without limitation, where Counterparty so elects to deliver cash or fails timely to elect to deliver Shares or Alternative Delivery Property in respect of the settlement of such Transactions).

19. Claim in Bankruptcy. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that this Master Confirmation is not intended to convey to it rights with respect to the Transactions that are senior to the claims of common stockholders in the event of Counterpartys bankruptcy.

20. Tax. The parties agree that Indemnifiable Tax as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement shall not include (i) any tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a FATCA Withholding Tax) or (ii) any tax imposed on amounts treated as dividends from sources within the United States under Section 871(m) of the Code (or the United States Treasury Regulations or other guidance issued thereunder). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of the Agreement.

21. Amendments to the Equity Definitions.

(a) Section 11.2(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the words a diluting or concentrative with the words a material economic and (ii) adding the phrase or such Transaction at the end thereof;

(b) Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the words a diluting or concentrative with the words a material economic in the fifth line thereof, (ii) adding the phrase or such Transaction immediately following the word Shares in the sixth line thereof, (iii) replacing the words dilutive or concentrative in the sixth to last line thereof with the words material economic and (iv) replacing the phrase (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) with the phrase (and, for the avoidance of doubt, adjustments may be made solely to account for changes in volatility, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share); and

(c) Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the words a diluting or concentrative with the words a material economic and (ii) adding the phrase or the relevant Transaction at the end thereof.

22. [__]

18

23. Governing Law. The Agreement, this Master Confirmation, each Supplemental Confirmation and all matters arising in connection with the Agreement, this Master Confirmation and each Supplemental Confirmation shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its choice of laws doctrine other than Title 14 of Article 5 of the New York General Obligations Law (the General Obligations Law)).

24. Offices.

(a) The Office of Dealer for each Transaction is: [__]

(b) The Office of Counterparty for each Transaction is: Not Applicable. Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party. 

25. General Obligations Law of New York. With respect to each Transaction, (i) this Master Confirmation, together with the related Supplemental Confirmation, is a qualified financial contract, as such term is defined in Section 5-701(b)(2) of the General Obligations Law; and (ii) this Master Confirmation, together with the related Supplemental Confirmation, constitutes a prior written contract as set forth in Section 5-701(b)(1)(b) of the General Obligations Law, and each party hereto intends and agrees to be bound by this Master Confirmation and the related Supplemental Confirmation.

26. Submission to Jurisdiction. Section 13(b) of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits for itself and its property in any suit, legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and/or any Transaction, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof (each, Proceedings), to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in New York County, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof. Nothing in the Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation or this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction if (A) the courts of the State of New York or the United States of America for the Southern District of New York lack jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter of the Proceedings or declines to accept the Proceedings on the grounds of lacking such jurisdiction; (B) the Proceedings are commenced by a party for the purpose of enforcing against the other partys property, assets or estate any decision or judgment rendered by any court in which Proceedings may be brought as provided hereunder; (C) the Proceedings are commenced to appeal any such courts decision or judgment to any higher court with competent appellate jurisdiction over that courts decisions or judgments if that higher court is located outside the State of New York or Borough of Manhattan, such as a federal court of appeals or the U.S. Supreme Court; or (D) any suit, action or proceeding has been commenced in another jurisdiction by or against the other party or against its property, assets or estate and, in order to exercise or protect its rights, interests or remedies under this Agreement, the Master Confirmation or any Supplemental Confirmation, the party (1) joins, files a claim, or takes any other action, in any such suit, action or proceeding, or (2) otherwise commences any Proceeding in that other jurisdiction as the result of that other suit, action or proceeding having commenced in that other jurisdiction.

27. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THE AGREEMENT, THIS MASTER CONFIRMATION, EACH SUPPLEMENTAL CONFIRMATION, THE TRANSACTIONS HEREUNDER AND ALL MATTERS ARISING IN CONNECTION HEREWITH AND THEREWITH. EACH PARTY (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF SUCH A SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THE TRANSACTIONS, AS 

19

APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN.

28. Counterparts. This Master Confirmation may be executed and delivered in any number of counterparts (including by e-mail transmission of an attached counterpart in pdf (portable document format)), all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Master Confirmation by signing and delivering one or more counterparts.

29. CARES Act. Counterparty represents that it and any of its wholly-owned subsidiarieshas not applied, and throughout the term of any Transaction shall not apply, for a loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act)) or other investment, or to receive any financial assistance or relief (howsoever defined) under any program or facility that (a) is established under applicable law (whether in existence as of the Trade Date for such Transaction or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other pronouncement thereunder), as a condition of such loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in the CARES Act), investment, financial assistance or relief, that Counterparty agree, attest, certify or warrant that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, repurchased, or will not repurchase, any equity security of Counterparty, and that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, made a capital distribution or will not make a capital distribution. Counterparty further represents that the Prepayment Amount for any Transaction is not being paid, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with funds received under or pursuant to any program or facility, including the U.S. Small Business Administrations Paycheck Protection Program, that (a) is established under applicable law (whether in existence as of the Trade Date for such Transaction or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under such applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other pronouncement of a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility) that such funds be used for specified or enumerated purposes that do not include the purchase of Shares pursuant to any Transaction (either by specific reference thereto or by general reference to transactions with the attributes thereof in all relevant respects).

30. Designation by Dealer. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Master Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities to or from Counterparty, Dealer may designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities and otherwise to perform Dealer obligations in respect of any Transaction hereunder and any such designee may assume such obligations. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Counterparty solely to the extent of any such performance.

31. Electronic Delivery. This Master Confirmation and any Supplemental Confirmation hereunder may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Master Confirmation and any Supplemental Confirmation hereunder by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. Counterparts may be delivered via e-mail (including any electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., DocuSign and AdobeSign (any such signature, an Electronic Signature)) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in the Agreement, this Master Confirmation, any Supplemental Confirmation hereunder or in any other certificate, agreement or document related thereto shall include any Electronic Signature, except to the extent electronic notices are expressly prohibited thereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, either party may deliver to the other party a notice relating to any Event of Default or Termination Event by e-mail.

32. [__]

20

Counterparty hereby agrees (a) to check this Master Confirmation carefully and immediately upon receipt so that errors or discrepancies can be promptly identified and rectified and (b) to confirm that the foregoing (in the exact form provided by Dealer) correctly sets forth the terms of the agreement between Dealer and Counterparty with respect to any particular Transaction to which this Master Confirmation relates, by manually signing this Master Confirmation or this page hereof as evidence of agreement to such terms and providing the other information requested herein and immediately returning an executed copy to Dealer.

Yours faithfully,

[__]

By: ________________________ 

Authorized Signatory: 

[Signature page to the Master Confirmation]

Agreed and Accepted By:

PVH CORP.

By: ________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to the Master Confirmation]

SCHEDULE A

SUPPLEMENTAL CONFIRMATION

To: PVH Corp.

285 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10017

From: [__]

Subject: Accelerated Stock Buyback 

Ref. No: [Insert Reference No.] 

Date: [ ]

The purpose of this Supplemental Confirmation,dated as of [], 2025, and entered into at [] p.m., New York City time, on such date, is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction entered into between [__] (Dealer) and PVH Corp. (Counterparty) (together, the Contracting Parties) on the Trade Date specified below. This Supplemental Confirmation is a binding contract between Dealer and Counterparty as of the relevant Trade Date for the Transaction referenced below.

1. This Supplemental Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to the Master Confirmation dated as of [], 2025 (the Master Confirmation) between the Contracting Parties, as amended and supplemented from time to time. All provisions contained in the Master Confirmation govern this Supplemental Confirmation except as expressly modified below.

2. The terms of the Transaction to which this Supplemental Confirmation relates are as follows:

Trade Date: [__________] 

Forward Price Adjustment Amount: USD [ ]

Calculation Period Start Date: [ ] 

Calculation Dates: Any date that is (i) both an Exchange Business Day and is set forth below and (ii) every other Scheduled Trading Day following the last Calculation Date set forth below, subject to the limitations set forth in Valuation Disruption in the Master Confirmation.

[insert date] 

[insert date] [insert date]

Scheduled Termination Date: [ ] 

First Acceleration Date: [ ] 

A-1

Prepayment Amount: USD [ ] 

Prepayment Date: [_________], 2025

Initial Shares: [ ] Shares; provided that if, in connection with the Transaction, Dealer is unable, after using good faith, commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow or otherwise acquire a number of Shares equal to the Initial Shares for delivery to Counterparty on the Initial Share Delivery Date, the Initial Shares delivered on the Initial Share Delivery Date shall be reduced to such number of Shares that Dealer is able to so borrow or otherwise acquire; provided that (i) if the Initial Shares are reduced as provided in the preceding proviso, then Dealer shall use good faith, commercially reasonable efforts to borrow or otherwise acquire an additional number of Shares equal to the shortfall in the Initial Shares delivered on the Initial Share Delivery Date and shall deliver such additional Shares as promptly as practicable, and all Shares so delivered shall be considered Initial Shares, and (ii) if fewer than [____] Initial Shares are so delivered in the aggregate on or prior to the fifteenth Exchange Business Day following the Initial Share Delivery Date, then (A) the Prepayment Amount shall be reduced by an amount equal to (x) [____] minus (y)(I) the aggregate number of Initial Shares so delivered on or prior to such fifteenth Exchange Business Day multiplied by (II) USD [______], such product then divided by (III) [______], and (B) Dealer shall return to Counterparty on such fifteenth Exchange Business Day the amount by which the Prepayment Amount is so reduced.

Initial Share Delivery Date: [_________], 2025

Maximum Number of Shares: [ ]

Ordinary Dividend Amount: USD [___] per Share. 

Scheduled Ex Dividend Dates: [_________], 2025

Termination Price: USD [ ]

Additional Relevant Day: The Exchange Business Day immediately following the Calculation Period.

Designated OMR Threshold: [__]% of the ADTV (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(1)). 

3. Counterparty represents to Dealer that neither it nor any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act) of it has made any purchases of blocks pursuant to the proviso in Rule 10b-18(b)(4) under the Exchange Act during either (i) the four full calendar weeks immediately preceding the Trade Date or (ii) during the calendar week in which the Trade Date occurs.

4. This Supplemental Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Supplemental Confirmation by signing and delivering one or more counterparts.

A-2

Counterparty hereby agrees (a) to check this Supplemental Confirmation carefully and immediately upon receipt so that errors or discrepancies can be promptly identified and rectified and (b) to confirm that the foregoing (in the exact form provided by Dealer) correctly sets forth the terms of the agreement between Dealer and Counterparty with respect to the Transaction to which this Supplemental Confirmation relates, by manually signing this Supplemental Confirmation or this page hereof as evidence of agreement to such terms and providing the other information requested herein and immediately returning an executed copy to Dealer.

Yours sincerely,

[__]

By: ________________________________ 

Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to the Supplemental Confirmation]

Agreed and Accepted By:

PVH CORP.

By: ________________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to the Supplemental Confirmation]

ANNEX A

COUNTERPARTY SETTLEMENT PROVISIONS

1. The following Counterparty Settlement Provisions shall apply to the extent indicated under the Master Confirmation:

Settlement Currency: USD.

Settlement Method Election: Applicable; provided that (i) Section 7.1 of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the word Physical in the sixth line thereof and replacing it with the words Net Share and (ii) the Electing Party may make a settlement method election only if the Electing Party represents to Dealer in writing on the date it notifies Dealer of its election that, as of such date, the Electing Party is not aware of any material non-public information concerning the Shares and is electing the settlement method in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the federal securities laws.

Electing Party: Counterparty.

Settlement Method Election Date: The earlier of (i) the Scheduled Termination Date and (ii) the second Exchange Business Day immediately following the Accelerated Termination Date (in which case the election under Section 7.1 of the Equity Definitions shall be made no later than 10 minutes prior to the open of trading on the Exchange on such second Exchange Business Day), as the case may be.

Default Settlement Method: Cash Settlement.

Forward Cash Settlement Amount: The Number of Shares to be Delivered multipliedby the Settlement Price.

Settlement Price: The average of the VWAP Prices for the Calculation Dates in the Settlement Valuation Period, subject to Valuation Disruption as specified in the Master Confirmation.

Settlement Valuation Period: A number of Calculation Dates required for Dealer to unwind its commercially reasonable Hedge Position with respect to the Transaction in a commercially reasonable manner, beginning on the Calculation Date immediately following the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Termination Date or (ii) the Calculation Date immediately following the Termination Date. Dealer shall notify Counterparty of the last Calculation Date of the Settlement Valuation Period on or prior to the Exchange Business Day immediately following such last Calculation Date.

Cash Settlement: If Cash Settlement is applicable, then Buyer shall pay to Seller the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash Settlement Payment Date. 

Cash Settlement Payment Date: The date one Settlement Cycle following the last day of the Settlement Valuation Period. 

Net Share Settlement Procedures: If Net Share Settlement is applicable, Net Share Settlement shall be made in accordance with paragraphs 2 through 7 below. 

2. Net Share Settlement shall be made by delivery on the Cash Settlement Payment Date of a number of Shares satisfying the conditions set forth in paragraph 3 below (the Registered Settlement Shares), or a number of Shares not satisfying such conditions (the Unregistered Settlement Shares), in either case with a value equal 

Annex A 1

to the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount, with such Shares value determined by the Calculation Agent (which value shall, in the case of Unregistered Settlement Shares, take into account a customary, commercially reasonable illiquidity discount), in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. If all of the conditions for delivery of either Registered Settlement Shares or Unregistered Settlement Shares that are within the control of Counterparty have not been satisfied, Cash Settlement shall be applicable in accordance with paragraph 1 of the above, notwithstanding the Default Settlement Method of Net Share Settlement.

3. Counterparty may only deliver Registered Settlement Shares pursuant to paragraph 2 above if:

(a) a registration statement covering public resale of the Registered Settlement Shares by Dealer (the Registration Statement) shall have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act and been declared or otherwise become effective on or prior to the date of delivery, and no stop order shall be in effect with respect to the Registration Statement; a printed prospectus relating to the Registered Settlement Shares (including any prospectus supplement thereto, the Prospectus) shall have been delivered to Dealer, in such quantities as Dealer shall reasonably have requested, on or prior to the date of delivery;

(b) the form and content of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (including, without limitation, any sections describing the plan of distribution) shall be reasonably satisfactory to Dealer;

(c) as of or prior to the date of delivery, Dealer and its agents shall have been afforded a reasonable opportunity to conduct a due diligence investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for underwritten offerings of equity securities by issuers of comparable size to Counterparty and in the same industry as Counterparty and the results of such investigation are reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, in its good faith discretion, subject to customary confidentiality undertakings on the part of such party; and

(d) as of the date of delivery, an agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) shall have been entered into with Dealer in connection with the public resale of the Registered Settlement Shares by Dealer substantially similar to underwriting agreements customary for underwritten offerings of equity securities by issuers of comparable size to Counterparty and in the same industry as Counterparty, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, which Underwriting Agreement shall include, without limitation, provisions substantially similar to those contained in such underwriting agreements relating, without limitation, to the indemnification of, and contribution in connection with the liability of, Dealer and its affiliates and the provision of customary opinions, accountants comfort letters and lawyers negative assurance letters.

4. If Counterparty delivers Unregistered Settlement Shares pursuant to paragraph 2 above:

(a) all Unregistered Settlement Shares shall be delivered to Dealer (or any affiliate of Dealer designated by Dealer) pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof;

(b) as of or prior to the date of delivery, Dealer and any potential purchaser of any such shares from Dealer (or any affiliate of Dealer designated by Dealer) identified by Dealer shall be afforded a commercially reasonable opportunity to conduct a due diligence investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for private placements of equity securities by issuers of comparable size to Counterparty and in the same industry as Counterparty (including, without limitation, the right to have made available to them for inspection all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and other information reasonably requested by them), subject to customary confidentiality undertakings on the part of such party;

(c) as of the date of delivery, Counterparty shall enter into an agreement (a PrivatePlacement Agreement) with Dealer (or any affiliate of Dealer designated by Dealer) in connection with the private placement of such shares by Counterparty to Dealer (or any such affiliate) and the private resale of such shares by Dealer (or any such affiliate), substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities by issuers of comparable size to Counterparty and in the same industry as Counterparty, in form and substance commercially reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, which Private Placement Agreement shall include, 

Annex A 2

without limitation, provisions substantially similar to those contained in such private placement purchase agreements relating, without limitation, to the indemnification of, and contribution in connection with the liability of, Dealer and its affiliates and the provision of customary opinions (but shall not require the delivery of accountants comfort letters or lawyers negative assurance letters); provided, that the Private Placement Agreement shall not require that Counterparty use more than commercially reasonable efforts to provide customary opinions and letters. The Private Placement Agreement shall provide for the payment by Counterparty of all commercially reasonable out of pocket fees and expenses in connection with such resale, including all commercially reasonable fees and actual, documented out-of-pocket commercially reasonable expenses of outside counsel for Dealer, and shall contain customary representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Counterparty reasonably necessary or advisable to establish and maintain the availability of an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act for such resales; and

(d) in connection with the private placement of such shares by Counterparty to Dealer (or any such affiliate) and the private resale of such shares by Dealer (or any such affiliate), Counterparty shall, if so requested by Dealer, prepare, in cooperation with Dealer, a private placement memorandum in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer.

5. Dealer, itself or through an affiliate (the Selling Agent) or any underwriter(s), will sell, in a commercially reasonable manner, all, or such lesser portion as may be required hereunder, of the Registered Settlement Shares or Unregistered Settlement Shares and any Makewhole Shares (as defined below) (together, the Settlement Shares) delivered by Counterparty to Dealer pursuant to paragraph 6 below as promptly as reasonably practicable commencing on the Cash Settlement Payment Date and continuing until the date on which the aggregate Net Proceeds (as such term is defined below) of such sales, as determined by Dealer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is equal to the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount (such date, the Final Resale Date). If Counterparty is prohibited by law or by contract from disclosing all material information known to Counterparty with respect to Counterparty and the Shares to any potential purchasers of such Settlement Shares, then the sale of such Settlement Shares shall not be required to commence or may be suspended until Counterparty is able to so disclose such information; provided that (x) Counterparty shall, no later than the date that is five months following the Cash Settlement Payment Date, disclose all such information to potential purchasers of such Settlement Shares reasonably identified by Dealer and (y) during the pendency of such period, interest shall accrue on the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount at the rate of interest for Counterpartys long term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the proceeds of any sale(s) made by Dealer, the Selling Agent or any underwriter(s), net of any commercially reasonable and documented fees and commissions (including, without limitation, underwriting or placement fees) customary for similar transactions by issuers of similar size and in the same industry under the circumstances at the time of the offering, together with commercially reasonable carrying charges and expenses incurred in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares (including, but without limitation to, the covering of any over-allotment or short position (syndicate or otherwise)) (the Net Proceeds) exceed the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount, Dealer will refund, in USD or in Shares, at Counterpartys election, such excess to Counterparty on the date that is three (3) Currency Business Days following the Final Resale Date, and, if any portion of the Settlement Shares remains unsold, Dealer shall return to Counterparty on that date such unsold Shares.

6. If the Calculation Agent determines that the Net Proceeds received from the sale of the Registered Settlement Shares or Unregistered Settlement Shares or any Makewhole Shares, if any, pursuant to this paragraph 6 are less than the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount (the amount in USD by which the Net Proceeds are less than the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount being the Shortfall and the date on which such determination is made, the Deficiency Determination Date), Counterparty shall on the Calculation Date next succeeding the Deficiency Determination Date (the Makewhole Notice Date) deliver to Dealer, through the Selling Agent, a notice of Counterpartys election that Counterparty shall either (i) pay an amount in cash equal to the Shortfall on the day that is two (2) Currency Business Days after the Makewhole Notice Date, or (ii) deliver additional Shares. If Counterparty elects to deliver to Dealer additional Shares, then Counterparty shall deliver additional Shares in compliance with the terms and conditions of paragraph 3 or paragraph 4 above, as the case may be (the Makewhole Shares), on the second Clearance System Business Day which is also a Calculation Date following the Makewhole Notice Date in such number as the Calculation Agent determines would have a market 

Annex A 3

value on that Calculation Date equal to the Shortfall. Such Makewhole Shares shall be sold by Dealer in accordance with the provisions above; provided that if the sum of the Net Proceeds from the sale of the originally delivered Shares and the Net Proceeds from the sale of any Makewhole Shares is less than the absolute value of the Forward Cash Settlement Amount then Counterparty shall, at its election, either make such cash payment or deliver to Dealer further Makewhole Shares until such Shortfall has been reduced to zero.

7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the aggregate number of Settlement Shares and Makewhole Shares be greater than the Reserved Shares minus the amount of any Shares actually delivered by Counterparty under any other Transaction(s) under this Master Confirmation (the result of such calculation, the Capped Number). Counterparty represents (which shall be deemed to be repeated on each day that a Transaction is outstanding) that the Capped Number is equal to or less than the number of Shares determined according to the following formula:

A B

Where A = the number of authorized but unissued shares of Counterparty that are not reserved for future issuance on the date of the determination of the Capped Number; and 

B = the maximum number of Shares required to be delivered to third parties if Counterparty elected Net Share Settlement of all transactions in the Shares (other than Transactions in the Shares under this Master Confirmation) with all third parties that are then currently outstanding and unexercised.

Reserved Shares means initially, [ ] Shares. The Reserved Shares may be increased or decreased in a Supplemental Confirmation.

Annex A 4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>pvh-20250401.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>pvh-20250401_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>pvh-20250401_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

4.125% Senior Notes due 2029 
4.125% Senior Notes Due 2029 [Member] 
4.125% Senior Notes Due 2029 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Cover Page [Line Items] 
Cover Page [Line Items] 
Cover Page 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Common Stock , $1.00 par value 
Common Stock [Member] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Cover Page [Abstract] 
Cover Page [Abstract] 
Cover Page [Abstract] 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Cover Page [Table] 
Cover Page [Table] 
Cover Page 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pvh-20250401_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information Document

Apr. 01, 2025

Cover Page [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 01, 2025

Entity Registrant Name PVH CORP.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-07572

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-1166910

Entity Address, Address Line One 285 Madison Avenue,

Entity Address, City or Town New York,

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10017

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 381-3500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000078239

Amendment Flag false

Common Stock , $1.00 par value 

Cover Page [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $1.00 par value

Trading Symbol PVH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

4.125% Senior Notes due 2029 

Cover Page [Line Items] 

Title of 12(b) Security 4.125% Senior Notes due 2029

Trading Symbol PVH29

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover Page+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: pvh_CoverPageLineItems

Namespace Prefix: pvh_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=pvh_A4.125SeniorNotesDue2029Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
22 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Document 
Sheet 
http://www.pvh.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformationDocument 
Document and Entity Information Document 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

pvh-20250401.htm 
pvh-20250401.xsd 
pvh-20250401_def.xml 
pvh-20250401_lab.xml 
pvh-20250401_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000078239-25-000021-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>pvh-20250401_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000078239 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0000078239 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0000078239 

pvh:A4.125SeniorNotesDue2029Member 

2025-04-01 
2025-04-01 

0000078239 
false 
8-K 
2025-04-01 
PVH CORP. 
DE 
001-07572 
13-1166910 
285 Madison Avenue, 
New York, 
NY 
10017 
212 
381-3500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 par value 
PVH 
NYSE 
4.125% Senior Notes due 2029 
PVH29 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>