<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-027880.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-027880.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226165646
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-027880
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAAR SURGICAL CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000718937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPHTHALMIC GOODS [3851]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				953797439
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1227

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11634
		FILM NUMBER:		25671060

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1911 WALKER AVE
		CITY:			MONROVIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6263037902

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1911 WALKER AVE
		CITY:			MONROVIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>staa-20250226.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2025

STAAR Surgical Company

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 

0-11634 

95-3797439

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

25510 Commercentre Drive

Lake Forest, California 

92630

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 626-303-7902

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common 

STAA 

NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1 933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 26, 2025, STAAR Surgical Company (the Company) announced that the Companys Board of Directors (the Board) appointed Stephen C. Farrell to succeed Thomas G. Frinzi as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective February 26, 2025 (the Effective Date). In addition, the Company announced that the Board elected Director Elizabeth Yeu, M.D., to serve as Board Chair, effective as of the Effective Date.

Mr. Farrell, age 59, has served on the Companys Board since 2016, and since January 2023, he has served as Lead Independent Director. Since February 2024, Mr. Farrell has been working as a consultant to private companies focused on improving financial performance and operating efficiencies. From February 2011 to February 2024, Mr. Farrell served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Convey Health Solutions, a technology-enabled healthcare business process outsourcer. Also, from 2012 to 2020 he served as a member of the Board of Directors of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, formerly known as BioTime, Inc., a clinical stage biotechnology company focused in the field of regenerative medicine. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Farrell served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Stream Global Services, a business process outsourcer. From 1999 to 2007, Mr. Farrell served in multiple executive roles, including CFO, COO, and President, at PolyMedica Corporation, a publicly traded provider of diabetes supplies that was acquired by Medco Health Solutions in 2007. From 2007 to 2014, he served as a member of the Board of Directors of Questcor Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company that was acquired by Mallinckrodt PLC in 2014. Mr. Farrell spent five years as a Senior Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1994 to 1999, and was a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). He received his B.A. from Harvard University and earned an M.B.A. at the University of Virginia, Darden School of Business.

Mr. Farrell has no family relationship to the Company nor to any of its directors or executive officers, and there are no transactions in which Mr. Farrell has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Farrell and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Farrell was appointed as an officer of the Company.

In connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Farrell entered into an employment agreement (the Farrell Agreement) pursuant to which Mr. Farrell will receive the following compensation: (i) base salary at an annual rate of $725,000, (ii) participation in the Companys annual cash bonus program with a target bonus of 100% of his base salary, (iii) a sign-on equity award comprised of (x) an award of restricted stock units for 200,000 shares of the Companys common stock, a third of which will vest on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of employment and (y) an award of performance stock units for a target number of 200,000 shares of the Companys common stock, which vest as to 0%-200% of target in up to five tranches based on the Companys financial performance relative to revenue performance targets during the performance period ending December 31, 2027. In addition, Mr. Farrell will be eligible for reimbursement of up to $250,000 for travel, temporary lodging and relocation expenses incurred during 2025. Mr. Farrell will also participate in all other elements of the Companys executive compensation and benefits plans. The Farrell Agreement also provides for customary restrictive and confidentiality covenants. Mr. Farrell will not receive any compensation as a director during his tenure as Chief Executive Officer.

Effective as the Effective Date, Mr. Frinzi has agreed to step down at the request of the Board from his positions as President and Chief Executive Officer, and he will cease to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and Board Chair and all other positions with the Company and its subsidiaries. In accordance with Mr. Frinzis Employment Agreement with the Company, effective as of January 1, 2023 (the Frinzi Agreement), Mr. Frinzi will be eligible to receive certain Accrued Benefits and Severance Benefits (as each such term is defined in the Frinzi Agreement), including payment of the equivalent of eighteen (18) months of Mr. Frinzis base salary for a period of eighteen (18) months, subject to the execution by Mr. Frinzi of a separation agreement and general release.

To facilitate a smooth transition in leadership, Mr. Frinzi has agreed to serve as an advisor to Mr. Farrell, the Board and the executive management team through January 26, 2026. The Company has entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Frinzi (the Consulting Agreement), which provides for compensation at a rate of $45,000 per month.

The summary herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to Mr. Farrells Employment Agreement and Mr. Frinzis Consulting Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 26, 2025, the Company issued a press release (the Press Release) announcing that the Companys Board appointed Stephen C. Farrell to succeed Thomas G. Frinzi as President and Chief Executive Officer. The Press Release also announced that the Board elected Director Elizabeth Yeu, M.D., to serve as Board Chair. A copy of the Press Release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

In connection with the Boards appointment of Mr. Farrell as President and Chief Executive Officer, the Board also approved changes to the Companys Board leadership. In addition to serving as the Lead Independent Director of the Companys Board, Mr. Farrell also currently serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Effective as of the Effective Date, Mr. Farrell will remain on the Board, but he will cease to serve as Lead Independent Director or serve on any Board Committee. Effective as of the Effective Date, the Board approved the separation of the offices of Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair, and the Board elected Dr. Yeu to serve as Board Chair. Further, the Board determined that Director Lilian Zhou, a current member of the Audit Committee, is financially sophisticated as that term is used in Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(2)(A) and an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, and appointed Ms. Zhou as Chair of the Audit Committee.

In addition, Effective as of the Effective Date, the Board approved a reduction in the size of the Board from seven (7) to six (6) members.

The information furnished herewith pursuant to Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in Items 7.01 of this Current Report shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Current Report, regardless of any general incorporation language in the filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement, effective February 26, 2025, by and between the Company and Stephen C. Farrell.

10.2 

Consulting Agreement, effective February 26, 2025, by and between the Company and Thomas G. Frinzi.

99.1 

Press release of the Company dated February 26, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

STAAR Surgical Company

February 26, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Patrick Williams

Patrick Williams

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>staa-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (Agreement) is entered into and effective as of February 26, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between STAAR Surgical Company, a Delaware corporation on behalf of itself and any and all affiliated entities (together, the Company) and Stephen C. Farrell (Executive).

RECITALS

A. The Company is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of phakic implantable lenses used in refractive surgery and accessory delivery systems related thereto (the Business).

B. The Company wishes to employ Executive to serve as its Chief Executive Officer.

C. Executive wishes to be employed by the Company and to serve in such capacity under the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.

Position and Duties.

(a) During the term of this Agreement, Executive will be employed by the Company to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, reporting to the Companys Board of Directors (Board). As Chief Executive Officer, Executive will, subject to the supervision and direction of the Board, be responsible for: (i) implementing goals, operating plans, policies and objectives for the Company; (ii) performing the duties and responsibilities customarily expected to be performed by a Chief Executive Officer; and (iii) performing such other duties and functions as are reasonably required and/or as may be reasonably prescribed by the Board from time-to-time. Upon Executive's cessation of service as Chief Executive Officer, unless otherwise agreed between Executive and the Board in writing, Executive will be deemed to have voluntarily resigned as a member of the Board and the board of any Company subsidiary of which Executive is then a member and as an officer of the Company and any Company subsidiary of which Executive is an officer, effective immediately, and if so requested, Executive shall execute and deliver one or more resignation letters with respect thereto.

(b) The location of Executives employment will be the Companys headquarters offices in Lake Forest, CA, but Executive from time to time may be required to travel to other geographic locations in connection with the performance of his duties. Executive shall be permitted to work remotely consistent with Company policies.

2. Standards of Performance. Executive will at all times faithfully, industriously and to the best of his ability, experience and talents perform all of the duties required of and from him pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Executive will devote his full business energies and abilities and all of his business time to the performance of his duties hereunder and will not, without the Companys prior written consent, render to others any service of any kind (whether or not for compensation) that, in the Companys sole but reasonable judgment, would interfere with the full performance of his duties hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive is permitted to spend reasonable amounts of time to manage his personal financial and legal affairs and, with the Companys consent which will not be unreasonably withheld, to serve on civic, charitable, not-for-profit, industry or corporate boards or advisory committees, providedthat such activities, individually and collectively, do not materially interfere with the performance of Executives duties hereunder. Further, Executive is permitted to spend reasonable amounts of time, with the Companys consent which will not be unreasonably withheld, to serve on for-profit boards of not more than two (2) companies (other than the Company). Notwithstanding

the foregoing, any proposed service on a public company Board will be subject to review and approval by the Board in advance thereof. In no event will Executive engage in any activities that could reasonably create a conflict of interest or the appearance of a conflict of interest. Executive shall be subject to the Companys policies, procedures and approval practices, as generally in effect from time to time.

3. Term. Executive will be employed for no specific term and until terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Company and Executive shall each have a right to terminate this Agreement as provided in Section 5, below.

4. Compensation, Benefits and Policies.

(a) Base Salary. As an annual base salary (Base Salary) for all services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, Executive will be paid an initial Base Salary in the gross amount of seven hundred twenty-five thousand dollars ($725,000) calculated on an annualized basis, less necessary withholdings and authorized deductions, and payable pursuant to the Companys regular payroll practices at the time. The Base Salary is subject to periodic review and adjustment not less frequently than annually within the first three (3) months after the end of each fiscal year, in the sole discretion of the Board.

(b) Performance Bonus. During Executives employment under this Agreement, Executive will be eligible for an annual performance bonus, subject to the terms and conditions of the bonus plan applicable to senior executives of the Company, if any, established by the Board. The target amount of the annual bonus is one hundred percent (100%) of Executives annual Base Salary. However, payment of the bonus will be conditioned on the Companys achievement of financial objectives established by the Board and individual performance objectives to be established annually by the Board, and the bonus may be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, the performance bonus will be payable only if financial and performance objectives established by the Board are achieved. To encourage continued tenure with the Company, Executive must be employed by the Company as of the payment date to be eligible for a performance bonus for the year to which the bonus relates. Performance bonuses will be paid out according to the terms of the applicable bonus plan, if any, but in no event later than the end of the first quarter of the year that immediately follows the fiscal year to which the bonus relates.

(c) Long Term Incentive Compensation. Executive will be eligible to participate in the long term incentive plans applicable to senior executives of the Company as may be established by the Board from time to time, commencing with the 2026 equity grant cycle to management, subject to the terms and conditions of any such plans. The incentive awards may vary from year to year, and may consist of restricted stock units (RSUs), performance stock units (PSUs), stock options or other forms of cash and equity-based incentive awards, or a combination of more than one type of award. Subject to full execution of this Agreement and approval of the Board, Executive will be granted the following sign-on equity incentive awards: (i) RSUs for two hundred thousand (200,000) shares of the Companys common stock; and (ii) PSUs for a target number of two hundred thousand (200,000) shares of the Companys common stock. The grant date for such incentive awards will be February 26, 2025, provided that is Executives first day of employment and this Agreement is fully executed. The RSUs will vest in increments of one third on the first year anniversary, one third on the second year anniversary, and one third on the third year anniversary, subject to continuous employment through each vesting date. The PSUs will vest as to 0%-200% of target in up to five tranches based on the Companys financial performance relative to revenue performance targets during the performance period ending December 31, 2027, and further subject to continuous employment through each vesting date. The terms of the RSUs and PSUs will be evidenced by the Companys applicable form of incentive award agreements therefor, the terms and conditions of which shall control in the event of any conflict with this Agreement.

2

(d) Paid Time Off and Benefits. Executive is entitled to participate in any plans regarding benefits of employment, including pension, profit sharing, group health, disability insurance and other employee pension and welfare benefit plans now existing or hereafter established to the extent that Executive is eligible under the terms of such plans and if the other executive officers of the Company generally are eligible to participate in such plan. The Company may, in its sole discretion and from time-to-time, establish additional senior management benefit plans as it deems appropriate. Executive understands that any such plans may be modified or eliminated in the Companys sole discretion in accordance with applicable law, provided that no such modification or elimination shall result in reducing or eliminating any benefits in which Executives right has vested.

(e) Reimbursement of Business Expenses. The Company will promptly reimburse to Executive his reasonable, customary and documented out-of-pocket business expenses in connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement, and in accordance with the policies and procedures established by the Company. If such expense qualifies hereunder for reimbursement, then the Company will reimburse Executive for that expense in accordance with the Companys policy.

(f) Reimbursement of Travel, Temporary Lodging and Moving Expenses. The Company will promptly reimburse Executive for his reasonable, customary and documented out-of-pocket expenses for travel, temporary lodging and moving expenses incurred during the 2025 calendar year in connection with his relocation to the Lake Forest, CA area, up to an aggregate of two-hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000).

(g) Sarbanes-Oxley Act Loan Prohibition.To the extent that any Company benefit, program, practice, arrangement or this Agreement would or might otherwise result in Executives receipt of an illegal loan (the Loan), the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Executive with a substitute for the Loan that is lawful and of at least equal value to Executive. If this cannot be done, or if doing so would be significantly more expensive to the Company than making the Loan, the Company need not make the Loan to Executive or provide him a substitute for it.

5. Termination of Employment.

(a) By Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate Executive's employment without Cause (as defined in this Agreement) at any time and without prior notice, written or otherwise. In the event the Company terminates Executive's employment for other than Cause, Incapacity (as defined in this Agreement) or death, and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to:

(i) continued coverage under the Companys insurance benefit plans through the termination date and such other benefits to which he may be entitled pursuant to the Companys benefit plans (other than any severance plan);

(ii) payment of all earned but unpaid compensation (including accrued unpaid vacation) through the effective date of termination, payable on or before the termination date; and

(iii) reimbursements incurred on or before the termination date in accordance with Sections 4(e) and (f), above; plus

(iv) payment of the equivalent of the Base Salary he would have earned over the next eighteen (18) months following the termination date (less necessary withholdings and authorized deductions) at his then current Base Salary rate (the Severance Payment), payable in equal monthly

3

installments over the eighteen (18) months following the termination date (the Severance Period), subject to Section 16, below; and

(v) at Executives option, and subject to the Executives timely election for such coverage, reimbursement of insurance premiums payable to retain group health coverage as of the termination date for himself and his eligible dependents pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) for eighteen (18) months (or, if shorter, until such time as Executive ceases to be eligible for such coverage or becomes eligible for coverage under a subsequent employers health plan); provided that the Company shall have no obligation under the foregoing clause (v) to the extent that making such payments or reimbursements would result in unintended tax or other consequences (e.g., under Section 105(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) for the Company.

The payments and benefits set forth in Sections 5(a)(i)-(iii) shall be referred to as the Accrued Benefits, and the payments and benefits set forth in Sections 5(a)(iv)-(v) shall be referred to as the Severance Benefits. Executive shall not receive the Severance Benefits unless Executive executes a separation agreement and general release substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A, and the same becomes effective pursuant to its terms within thirty (30) days following Executives termination date.

(b) By Company With Cause. The Company may terminate Executives employment at any time and without prior notice, written or otherwise, for Cause. As used in this Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following conduct by Executive: (i) material breach of this Agreement, or of a Company policy or of a law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or its operations; (ii) demonstrated and material neglect of duties, or failure or refusal to perform the material duties of his position, or the failure to follow the reasonable and lawful instructions of the Board; (iii) dishonesty, self-dealing, fraud, misrepresentation, gross negligence or serious misconduct; or (iv) conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to any felony crime. Termination pursuant to Section 5(b)(ii) shall be effective only if such failure continues after Executive has been given written notice thereof and fifteen (15) business days thereafter in which to present his position to the Board or to cure the same, unless the Board reasonably determines that the reason(s) for termination are not capable of being cured. In the event of termination for Cause, Executive will be entitled only to the Accrued Benefits through the termination date, which will be the date on which the notice is given. The Company will have no further obligation to pay any compensation of any kind (including without limitation any bonus or portion of a bonus that otherwise may have become due and payable to Executive with respect to the year in which such termination date occurs), or severance payment of any kind nor to make any payment in lieu of notice.

(c) Incapacity or Death.

(i) Incapacity means that Executive is (A) unable to perform the essential functions of his position, with or without reasonable accommodation, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (B) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, and is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering the Company's employees, or (C) determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration, as interpreted by the Company in its discretion, or (D) deemed to be disabled in accordance with the applicable disability insurance program of the Company, provided that the definition of "disability" applied under such disability insurance program complies with the requirements of this subsection, as determined by the Company in its discretion. A determination of Incapacity shall not be arbitrary or unreasonable and the Company, in making such determination, shall take into consideration the opinion of Executive's personal physician, if reasonably available, and any other physician deemed appropriate by the Company, but such

4

determination by the Company shall be final and binding on the parties hereto. The Company will provide all applicable legally-required leaves to Executive, which shall be provided on an unpaid basis unless pay is otherwise required under applicable law. This provision shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with all applicable laws, including laws regarding workers' compensation, reasonable accommodation of disability, and family and medical leave laws. The Company has the right to terminate Executives employment for Incapacity on fifteen (15) days written notice. In the event of termination of employment for Incapacity, Executive will be entitled to receive the Accrued Benefits. In addition, in such event, the Company agrees that all stock options and RSUs, and other time-based equity incentive compensation awards of Executive that are outstanding at the time of such termination and that have not previously become exercisable, payable or free from restrictions shall immediately become exercisable, payable or free from restrictions, as the case may be, in their entirety, and that, the exercise period of any stock option shall continue for the length of the exercise period specified in the grant of the award determined without regard to the Executives termination of employment. Further, in such event, the Company agrees that all PSUs, and other performance-based equity incentive compensation awards of Executive that are outstanding at the time of such termination for which the applicable performance conditions have been measured or are measurable as of such time of termination, but which have not vested, issued or paid, shall become vested, issued and payable based on actual performance relative to such performance conditions.

(ii) Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement shall be immediately terminated without notice by the Company upon the death of Executive. If Executive dies while actively employed pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will pay the Accrued Benefits to his estate or designated beneficiaries within sixty (60) days. In addition, in such event, the Company agrees that all stock options and RSUs, and other time-based equity incentive compensation awards of Executive that are outstanding at the time of such termination and that have not previously become exercisable, payable or free from restrictions shall immediately become exercisable, payable or free from restrictions, as the case may be, in their entirety, and that, the exercise period of any stock option shall continue for the length of the exercise period specified in the grant of the award determined without regard to the Executives termination of employment. Further, in such event, the Company agrees that all PSUs, and other performance-based equity incentive compensation awards of Executive that are outstanding at the time of such termination for which the applicable performance conditions have been measured or are measurable as of such time of termination, but which have not vested, issued or paid, shall become vested, issued and payable based on actual performance relative to such performance conditions.

(d) Resignation for Good Reason. Executive may resign and terminate this Agreement for Good Reason (as defined below) by giving written notice of resignation to the Company. As used in this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean any one of the following: (i) a material reduction in Executives Base Salary and/or a material failure to provide the benefits required in Section 4, (ii) any action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Company of this Agreement; (iii) a material diminution in Executives authority, duties or responsibilities such that they are materially inconsistent with his position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company; and (iv) relocation of the Companys headquarters to a location that is 50 miles or more away from the current location in Lake Forest, CA. Resignation for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied: (A) Executive has given the Company written notice (pursuant to Section 11 below) within thirty (30) days of the initial occurrence of any of the above-specified events or conditions constituting the Good Reason and has requested a specific reasonable cure, (B) the Company has failed to cure the occurrence within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice from Executive (the Cure Period), and (C) Executive provides written notice of a resignation date that is after the expiration of the Cure Period but no more than ninety (90) days after the initial occurrence of the event giving rise to the resignation for Good Reason. In the event of a resignation for Good Reason, Executive will be entitled to the Accrued Benefits and the Severance Benefits, on the same conditions set forth in the final paragraph of Section 5(a), specifically including, but

5

not limited to, the signing of the severance agreement and general release document, attached hereto as Exhibit A except that any Severance Payment shall in no event be less than the Executive Base Salary set forth in paragraph 4(a) above.

(e) Resignation or Termination Following a Change in Control. Executive may resign and terminate this Agreement following a Change in Control (as defined below) if the successor to the Company fails to offer or maintain Executive in the position of Chief Executive Officer of the successor company reporting to the Board of the successor to the Company, with compensation and benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Executive immediately preceding the Change in Control for a period of eighteen (18) months following the Change in Control. Resignation following a Change in Control shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied: (A) Executive has given the Company written notice (pursuant to Section 11 below) within thirty (30) days of the change in position and/or compensation and benefits and has requested a specific reasonable cure, (B) the Company has failed to restore Executives position and/or compensation and benefits within thirty (30) days of receiving written notice from Executive, and (C) Executive provides written notice of a resignation date that is after the time for the Company to restore Executives position and/or compensation and benefits has expired, but no more than ninety (90) days after the change in position and/or compensation and benefits. In the event of Executives resignation following a Change in Control in accordance with this subsection, or if the Company terminates Executive without Cause within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, subject to the same conditions set forth in the final paragraph of Section 5(a), specifically including, but not limited to, the signing of the severance agreement and general release document, attached hereto as Exhibit A, Executive will be entitled to the (i) Accrued Benefits, and (ii) the Severance Benefits, provided that the Severance Payment shall be the equivalent of twenty-four (24) months of Base Salary and paid over twenty-four (24) months and eligibility for reimbursement of insurance premiums under COBRA shall continue for twenty-four (24) months, plus (iii) an amount equal to his bonus, if any, for the year prior to his resignation or termination and (iv) an amount equal to his target bonus for the year in which his resignation or termination occurs. In no event will any Severance Payment be less than the Executive Base Salary set forth in paragraph 4(a) above. In such event, the Company agrees that all stock options, RSUs, PSUs, and other incentive compensation awards of the Executive that are outstanding at the time of such termination and that have not previously become exercisable, payable or free from restrictions shall immediately become exercisable, payable or free from restrictions, as the case may be, in their entirety (based on, with respect to PSUs, the greater of target or actual level of performance), and that, the exercise period of any stock option shall continue for the length of the exercise period specified in the grant of the award determined without regard to the Executives termination of employment (collectively, the Change in Control Benefits).

As used in this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean any of the following events:

(i) any person, including a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act), but excluding Broadwood Partners, L.P. or a group of which it is a member, becomes the beneficial owner of stock of the Company with respect to which twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total number of votes for the election of the Board may be cast;

(ii) as a result of, or in connection with, any cash tender offer, exchange offer, merger or other business combination, sale of assets or contested election, or combination of the foregoing, persons who were directors of the Company just prior to such event shall cease to constitute a majority of the Board;

(iii) the stockholders of the Company approve an agreement providing either for a transaction in which the Company will cease to be an independent publicly owned corporation or for a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of the Company;

6

(iv) acquisition in a single or series of related transactions, including without limitation a tender offer or exchange offer, by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or by a Company-sponsored employee benefit plan), of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the 1934 Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Company's outstanding securities; or

(v) any other event that a majority of the incumbent Board in its sole discretion determines to be a Change in Control.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the formation of a holding company for the Company in which the stockholdings of the holding company after its formation are substantially the same as for the Company prior to the holding company formation does not constitute a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement.

(f) Voluntary Resignation without Good Reason. Executive may terminate this Agreement without Good Reason effective on sixty (60) days written notice, unless the Company in its sole discretion accepts the resignation earlier. In the event that Executive resigns without Good Reason as defined above in Section 5(d), Executive will be entitled only to the Accrued Benefits through the termination date. The Company will have no further obligation to pay any compensation of any kind (including without limitation any bonus or portion of a bonus that otherwise may have become due and payable to Executive with respect to the year in which such termination date occurs), or severance payments of any kind.

6. Proprietary Information Obligations.

(a) Proprietary Information and Confidentiality. Both before and during the term of Executives employment, Executive will have access to and become acquainted with certain confidential and/or proprietary information regarding the Company and its Business, including, without limitation, all of the following materials and information (whether or not reduced to writing and whether or not patentable or protected by copyright): trade secrets; inventions; processes; formulae; programs; technical data; products; sales and marketing plans; financial information; Company-developed software; engineering designs and documentation; customer proposals, specifications and requirements; identities, lists and confidential information about customers, prospects, suppliers, vendors and key employees; personal information relating to the Companys employees; mailing and e-mail lists (collectively, Proprietary Information). Executive will not disclose any of the Proprietary Information directly or indirectly, or use it in any way, either during his employment pursuant to this Agreement or at any time thereafter, except as reasonably required or specifically requested in the course of his employment with the Company or as authorized in writing by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Proprietary Information does not include information that is otherwise publicly known or available, provided it has not become public as a result of a breach of this Agreement, or any other agreement Executive has or may have to keep information confidential. It is not a breach of this Agreement for Executive to disclose Proprietary Information that Executive is required to disclose by applicable law, regulation, recognized subpoena power, any governmental authority or agency or any other legal process (provided that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, regulation, recognized subpoena power, any governmental authority or agency or any other legal process, Executive provides the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperate with the Company at its expense in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information). Further, the Company acknowledges and agrees that pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act: (i) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (ii) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable

7

under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (iii) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(b) Inventions Agreement and Assignment.

(i) Executive hereby agrees to disclose promptly to the Company (or any persons designated by it) all developments, designs, creations, improvements, original works of authorship, formulas, processes, know-how, techniques and/or inventions (collectively, the Inventions) (A) which are made or conceived or reduced to practice by Executive, either alone or jointly with others, in performing his duties during the period of Executives employment by the Company, that relate to or are useful in the business of the Company; or (B) which result from tasks assigned to Executive by the Company, or from Executives use of the premises or other resources owned, leased or contracted by the Company.

(ii) Executive agrees that all such Inventions which the Company in its discretion determines to be related to or useful in its business or its research or development, or which result from work performed by Executive for the Company, will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company and its assigns, and the Company and its assigns will have the right to use and/or to apply for patents, copyrights or other statutory or common law protections for such Inventions in any and all countries. Executive further agrees to assist the Company in every reasonable way (but at the Companys expense) to obtain and from time to time enforce patents, copyrights and other statutory or common law protections for such Inventions in any and all countries. To that end, Executive will execute all documents for use in applying for and obtaining such patents, copyrights and other statutory or common law protections therefor and enforcing the same, as the Company may desire, together with any assignments thereof to the Company or to persons or entities designated by the Company. Should the Company be unable to secure Executives signature on any document necessary to apply for, prosecute, obtain, or enforce any patent, copyright or other right or protection relating to any Invention, whether due to his mental or physical incapacity or any other cause, Executive hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and each of its duly authorized officers and agents as Executives agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in his behalf and stead, to execute and file any such document, and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution, issuance, and enforcement of patents, copyrights or other rights or protections with the same force and effect as if executed and delivered by Executive. Executives obligations under this Section 6(b)(ii) will continue beyond the termination of Executives employment with the Company, but the Company will compensate Executive at a reasonable rate after such termination for time actually spent by Executive at the Companys request in providing such assistance.

(iii) Executive hereby acknowledges that all original works of authorship which are made by Executive (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of Executives employment which are protectable by copyright are works for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. section 101).

(iv) Any provision in this Agreement requiring Executive to assign Executives rights in any Invention to the Company will not apply to any invention that is exempt under the provisions of California Labor Code section 2870, which provides:

(a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the

8

employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either: (1) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employers business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the employer; or (2) result from any work performed by the employee for the employer. (b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

(c) [Intentionally omitted.]

(d) Non-Solicitation of Employees. Executive recognizes the substantial expenditure of time and effort which the Company devotes to the recruitment, hiring, orientation, training and retention of its employees. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending twelve (12) months after termination of Executives employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, Executive shall not use any Proprietary Information, directly or indirectly, for himself or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit, offer employment to, hire or otherwise retain the services of any employee of the Company in a position classified as exempt from overtime pay requirements. For purposes of the foregoing, employee of the Company shall include any person who was an employee of the Company at any time within six (6) months prior to the prohibited conduct.

(e) Company Property and Materials.

(i) All files, records, documents, computer-recorded or electronic information, drawings, specifications, equipment, and similar items relating to Company business, whether prepared by Executive or otherwise coming into his possession, will remain the Companys exclusive property and will not be removed from Company premises under any circumstances whatsoever without the Companys prior written consent, except when, and only for the period, necessary to carry out Executives duties hereunder

(ii) In the event of termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive will promptly deliver to the Company all Company equipment (including, without limitation, any laptop and/or tablet computers, cellular phones or other devices, and computer hardware and software) and all originals and electronic or physical copies of all documents, including without limitation, all books, customer lists, forms, documents supplied by customers, records, product lists, writings, manuals, reports, financial documents and other documents or property in Executives possession or control, which relate to the Companys business in any way whatsoever, and in particular to customers of the Company, or which may be considered to constitute or contain Proprietary Information as defined above, and Executive will neither retain, reproduce, nor distribute copies thereof (other than a copy, prepared or reviewed and approved by the Company, of Executives contacts in Outlook or similar electronic or physical copy address and telephone directory).

(f) Remedies for Breach. Executive acknowledges that any breach by Executive of this Section 6 would cause the Company irreparable injury and damage for which monetary damages are inadequate. Accordingly, in the event of a breach or a threatened breach of this Section 6, the Company will be entitled to an injunction restraining such breach. In addition, in the event of a breach of this Section 6, the Companys obligation to pay any unpaid portion of the Severance Payment or other benefits as set forth in Sections 5(a), (d) and (e) of this Agreement will be extinguished. Nothing contained herein will be construed as prohibiting the Company from pursuing any other remedy available to the Company for such breach or such threatened breach. Executive has carefully read and considered these restrictions and agrees they are fair and reasonable restrictions on Executive and are reasonably required for the protection of the interests of the Company. Executive agrees not to circumvent the spirit of these

9

restrictions by attempting to accomplish indirectly what Executive is otherwise restricted from doing directly. Executive agrees that the restrictions in this Section 6 are reasonable and necessary to protect the Companys Proprietary Information, and they do not prevent Executive from working in the medical device industry. To the extent that any of the provisions in this Section 6 are held to be overly broad or otherwise unenforceable at the time enforcement is sought, Executive agrees that the provision shall be reformed and enforced to the greatest extent permissible by law. Executive further agrees that if any portion of this Section 6 is held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Section 6 shall be enforced as written.

7. Interpretation, Governing Law and Exclusive Forum. The validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (excluding any that mandate the use of another jurisdictions laws). Any arbitration (unless otherwise mutually agreed), litigation or similar proceeding with respect to such matters only may be brought within the County of Orange, state of California, and all parties to this Agreement consent to Californias jurisdiction.

8. Entire Agreement. All oral or written agreements or representations, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement are set forth in this Agreement.

9. Severability. In the event that one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement are held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such holding shall not impair the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions herein.

10. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, Executive and his estate, but Executive may not assign or pledge this Agreement or any rights arising under it, except to the extent permitted under the terms of the benefit plans in which he participates. No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except that the Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, reorganization, sale, transfer of stock, consideration or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company means the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets (by merger, purchase or otherwise as provided in this Section 10) which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this Section 10 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. In the event that any successor refuses to assume the obligations hereunder, the Company as hereinbefore defined shall remain fully responsible for all obligations hereunder.

11. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery, electronic mail, facsimile, telecopy, overnight courier service, or by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Each such notice, request, demand or other communication shall be effective (i) if delivered by hand or by overnight courier service, when delivered at the address specified in this Section 11; (ii) if given by electronic mail, when such electronic mail is transmitted tothe electronic mail address specified in this Section 11 and confirmation is received if during normal business hours on a business day, and otherwise, on the next business day; and (iii) if given by certified or registered mail, three (3) days after the mailing thereof. Notices shall be addressed to the parties as follows (or at such other address or email address as either party may from time to time specify in writing by giving notice as provided herein):

If to the Company: 

STAAR Surgical Company

25510 Commercentre Drive

10

Lake Forest, California 92630

Attn: Board of Directors

If to Executive: 

Stephen C. Farrell

[Address on file]

12. Indemnification. The Company will indemnify Executive to the fullest extent permitted and required by the laws of the State of California.

13. Dispute Resolution. The parties agree that all disputes, claims or controversies between them and between Executive and the Company and its successor, including any dispute, claim or controversy arising from or otherwise in connection with this Agreement and/or Executives employment with the Company, will be resolved as follows:

(a) Prior to initiating any other proceeding, the complaining party will provide the other party with a written statement of the claim identifying any supporting witnesses or documents and the requested relief. The responding party shall within forty-five (45) days furnish a statement of the relief, if any, that it is willing to provide, and identify supporting witnesses or documents.

(b) If the matter is not resolved by the exchange of statements of claim and statements of response as provided herein, within thirty (30) days from the responding partys response, the parties shall submit the dispute to non-binding mediation, the cost of the mediator to be paid by the Company, before a mediator and/or service to be jointly selected by the parties. Each party will bear his or its own attorneys fees and witness fees.

(c) If the parties cannot agree on a mediator and/or if the matter is not otherwise resolved by mediation, any controversy or claim between Executive and the Company and any of its current or former directors, officers and employees, including any arising out of or relating to this Agreement or breach thereof, shall be settled by final and binding arbitration in Orange County, California by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Employment Dispute Rules of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), unless the parties to the dispute agree to another arbitration service or independent arbitrator. The parties may conduct discovery to the extent permitted in a court of law pursuant to the California Code of Civil Procedure; the arbitrator will render an award together with a written opinion indicating the bases for such opinion; and the arbitrator will have full authority to award all remedies that would be available in court. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Each party shall bear its own attorneys fees and costs, unless the claim is based on a statute that provides otherwise. The Company will pay the arbitrators fees and any administrative charges of the arbitration service,

(d) EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT THIS ARBITRATION PROCEDURE IS SUBJECT TO AND ENFORCEABLE UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT (9 U.S.C. SECTIONS 1 ET SEQ.), AND WILL BE THE EXCLUSIVE MEANS OF REDRESS FOR ANY DISPUTES RELATING TO OR ARISING FROM EXECUTIVES EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY OR TERMINATION THEREFROM, INCLUDING DISPUTES OVER UNPAID WAGES, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT, VIOLATION OF PUBLIC POLICY, RIGHTS PROVIDED BY FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL STATUTES, REGULATIONS, ORDINANCES, AND COMMON LAW, LAWS THAT PROHIBIT DISCRIMINATION BASED ON ANY PROTECTED CLASSIFICATION, AND ANY OTHER STATUTES OR LAWS RELATING TO AN EXECUTIVES

11

RELATIONSHIP WITH THE COMPANY. THE FOREGOING NOTWITHSTANDING, CLAIMS FOR WORKERS COMPENSATION BENEFITS OR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE, OR ANY OTHER CLAIMS WHERE MANDATORY ARBITRATION IS PROHIBITED BY LAW, ARE NOT COVERED BY THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AND AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATORS AWARD SHALL BE FINAL AND BINDING ON BOTH PARTIES. THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION IS TO BE CONSTRUED AS BROADLY AS IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

14. Representations. Each person executing this Agreement hereby represents and warrants on behalf of himself and of the entity/individual on whose behalf he is executing the Agreement that he is authorized to represent and bind the entity/individual on whose behalf he is executing the Agreement. Executive specifically represents and warrants to the Company that he reasonably believes (a) he is not under any contractual or other obligations that would prevent, limit or impair Executives performance of his obligations under this Agreement and (b) that entering into this Agreement will not result in a breach of any other agreement to which he is a party.

15. Amendments and Waivers. No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged except by a written document signed by Executive and a duly authorized Company officer. Thus, for example, promotions, commendations, and/or bonuses shall not, by themselves, modify, amend, or extend this Agreement. A waiver of any conditions or provisions of this Agreement in a given instance shall not be deemed a waiver of such conditions or provisions at any other time.

16. Taxes.

(a) Withholdings. The Company may withhold from any compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city and other taxes or amounts as shall be determined by the Company to be required to be withheld pursuant to applicable laws, or governmental regulations or rulings. Executive shall be solely responsible for the satisfaction of any taxes (including employment taxes imposed on employees and penalty taxes on nonqualified deferred compensation).

(b) Section 280G. In the event that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive pursuant to this Agreement or under any other agreement, contract, award, arrangement, etc. (collectively, the Payments) would result in a parachute payment as described in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any successor provision), notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, or any other agreement, contract, award, arrangement, etc., such Payments shall not, in the aggregate, exceed the Reduced Amount (as defined below). The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payments that would result in no portion of the Payments (after reduction) being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax) or (y) the full amount of the Payments, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executives receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax, as determined in good faith by the Companys independent advisors. If any benefits must be cut back pursuant to this subsection (b), they shall be cut back in the following order: (A) cash payments; (B) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards other than stock options (with the latest vesting reduced first), and (C) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options (with the latest vesting reduced first). If an amount in excess of the Reduced Amount is paid to Executive, he shall repay the excess amount to the Company on demand, with interest at the rate provided for in Internal Revenue Code Section 1274(b)(2)(B) (or any successor provision). The Company and Executive agree to cooperate with each other in connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the existence or amount of golden parachute penalties.

12

(c) Section 409A Compliance.

(i) Section 409A Six-Month Delay Rule. If any amounts that become due under Section 5 of this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any successor provision), payment of such amounts shall not commence until Executive incurs a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). If, at the time of Executives separation from service, Executive is a specified employee (under Section 409A), any benefit as to which Section 409A penalties could be assessed that becomes payable to Executive on account of his separation from service (including any amounts payable pursuant to the preceding sentence) will not be paid until after six months and one day after Executives separation from service (the 409A Suspension Period), or, if earlier, until the date of Executives death. Within fourteen (14) calendar days after the end of the 409A Suspension Period, Executive shall be paid a lump sum payment in cash equal to any payments delayed because of the preceding sentence. Thereafter, Executive shall receive any remaining benefits as if there had not been an earlier delay.

(ii) Interpretation. This Agreement is intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A, and the Company shall have complete discretion to interpret and construe this Agreement and any associated documents in any manner that establishes an exemption from (or otherwise conforms them to) the requirements of Section 409A. To the extent that any regulations or other guidance issued under Section 409A (after application of the previous sentence) would result Executive being subject to the payment of interest or any additional tax under Section 409A, the parties agree, to the extent reasonably possible, to amend this Agreement in order to avoid the imposition of any such interest or additional tax under Section 409A, which such amendment shall have the minimum economic effect necessary and be reasonably determined in good faith by Executive and the Company, provided it does not increase the overall expense to the Company in providing the benefits.

17. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Executive agrees to timely file all documents required by the Department of Homeland Security to verify his identity and lawful employment in the United States.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument.

19. Executives Acknowledgement.

EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ALL UNDERSTANDINGS AND AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND HE RELATING TO THE SUBJECTS COVERED IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE CONTAINED IN IT (INCLUDING THE AGREEMENTS SET FORTH AS EXHIBITS) AND THAT HE HAS ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY AND NOT IN RELIANCE ON ANY PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY OTHER THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

EXECUTIVE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THE AGREEMENTS SET FORTH AS EXHIBITS), THAT HE UNDERSTANDS ALL OF SUCH AGREEMENTS, AND THAT HE HAS BEEN GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO DISCUSS SUCH AGREEMENTS WITH HIS PRIVATE LEGAL COUNSEL AND HAS AVAILED HIMSELF OF THAT OPPORTUNITY TO THE EXTENT HE WISHED TO DO SO. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT GIVE UP THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL ON MATTERS COVERED BY THEM.

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

EXECUTIVE

COMPANY

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY

/s/ Stephen C. Farrell 

/s/ Nathaniel Sisitsky

Stephen C. Farrell 

Nathaniel Sisitsky

General Counsel

14

Exhibit A

FORM OF SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

This Separation Agreement and General Release (this Agreement) is hereby entered into by and between Stephen C. Farrell, an individual (Executive), and STAAR Surgical Company, a Delaware corporation, on behalf of itself and any and all affiliated entities (collectively, the Company).

Recitals

A. Executive has been employed by the Company pursuant to an employment agreement by and between the Company and Executive effective as of [date] (the Employment Agreement), and currently is serving as Chief Executive Officer;

B. Executives employment with the Company and any of its parents, direct or indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, or related entities (collectively referred to herein as the Company and its Related Entities) will be ended on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Agreement

In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Effective Date. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall be effective on the eighth day after it has been executed by both of the parties (the Effective Date).

2. End of Employment. Executives employment with the Company and its Related Entities has ended or will end, effective as of ___________ Pacific Time, on _________________ (the Termination Date).

3. Continuation of Benefits After the Termination Date. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or in the plan documents governing the Companys employee benefit plans, after the Termination Date, Executive will no longer be eligible for, receive, accrue, or participate in any other benefits or benefit plans provided by the Company and its Related Entities, including, without limitation, medical, dental and life insurance benefits, and the Companys 401(k) retirement plan; provided, however, thatnothing in this Agreement shall waive Executives right to any vested benefits, including vested amounts in the Companys 401(k) retirement plan, which amounts shall be handled as provided in the plan.

4. Payments Upon Termination. Executive will be entitled to receive payment of the following: (i) all earned but unpaid compensation (including accrued unpaid vacation) through the effective date of termination, payable on or before the termination date; and (ii) reimbursement, made in accordance with Section 4(e) of the Employment Agreement, of any monies advanced or incurred by Executive in connection with his employment for reasonable and necessary Company-related expenses incurred on or before the Termination Date. The provisions of this Agreement shall not waive or terminate any rights to compensation or vested benefits as required by law, or to indemnification Executive may have under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or separate indemnification agreement, as applicable.

5. Insurance. Executive will be provided continued coverage under the Companys medical, dental and vision insurance benefit plans through the Termination Date, and thereafter, the Company shall

15

reimburse Executive for the cost of continuation of such group insurance coverage for himself and his eligible dependents under the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) for eighteen (18) months after the Termination Date. [for Change in Control resignation or termination, change to twenty-four (24) months]

6. Severance Payment [and Change in Control Benefits]. In return for Executives promises in this Agreement, the Company will provide Executive with a severance payment in an amount equal to the Base Salary Executive would have earned over the next eighteen (18) months (less necessary withholdings and authorized deductions) at his then current Base Salary rate (the Severance Payment) The Base salary shall be in an amount no less than the Executive Base Salary set forth in paragraph 4 (a) of Executives Employment Agreement dated February 26, 2025. [for Change in Control resignation or termination, change to twenty-four (24) months and add: plus an amount equal to Executives bonus, if any, for the year prior to the end of his employment and an amount equal to Executives target bonus for the year in which her employment ends], which will be paid in equal monthly installments over the twenty-four (24) months following the Termination Date (the Severance Period) [OR, at the option of the Board: in a lump sum within two business days after the Effective Date].

7. Effect of Revocation or Subsequent Employment.

(a) If Executive properly revokes this Agreement in accordance with Section 13 below, Executive shall not be entitled to receive the payments and benefits under Sections 5 and 6, above, except that Executives rights under COBRA will continue.

(b) The Companys obligation to reimburse the premiums for Executives continuation insurance coverage will be extinguished as of the date Executives coverage begins under the group health plan of any new employer. Executive shall promptly provide written notice to the Company after he learns he will be eligible for such insurance coverage. If Executive violates the restrictions in Section 16, below, the Companys obligation to pay premiums for insurance under COBRA or otherwise will be immediately extinguished, and the other remedies specified in Section 16, below, shall apply.

8. Acknowledgement of Total Compensation and Indebtedness. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the cash payments under Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement extinguish any and all obligations for monies, or other compensation or benefits that Executive claims or could claim to have earned or claims or could claim is owed to him as a result of his employment by the Company and its Related Entities through the Termination Date, under the Employment Agreement or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Section 8 shall not terminate any rights Executive has under Section 3 or to other payments Executive may have, and to any indemnification Executive may have under the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws or separate indemnification agreement, as applicable.

9. Status of Related Agreements and Future Employment.

(a) Agreements Between Executive and the Company. [Agreements to be scheduled at time].

(b) Employment Agreement. The parties agree that the Employment Agreement shall be terminated as of the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the termination of the Employment Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge that certain rights and obligations set forth in the Employment Agreement extend beyond the Termination Date.In the event that any provision of this Agreement conflicts with Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, the terms and provisions of the section(s) providing the greatest protection to the Company and its Related Entities shall control.

16

10. Release by Executive.

(a) Except for any obligations or covenants of the Company pursuant to this Agreement and as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, Executive, for himself and his heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, successors and agents (collectively, the Executives Affiliates) hereby fully and without limitation releases and forever discharges the Company and its Related Entities, and each of their respective agents, representatives, shareholders, owners, officers, directors, employees, consultants, attorneys, auditors, accountants, investigators, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, the Company Releasees), both individually and collectively, from any and all rights, claims, demands, liabilities, actions, causes of action, damages, losses, costs, expenses and compensation, of whatever nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which Executive or any of Executives Affiliates has or may have or may claim to have against the Company Releasees by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of time to the Effective Date (Claims), arising out of, based upon, or relating to his employment or the termination of his employment with the Company and its Related Entities and/or his service as an officer of any of the Company Releasees, any agreement or compensation arrangement between Executive and any of the Company Releasees, to the maximum extent permitted by law.

(b) Executive specifically and expressly releases any Claims arising out of or based on: the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the National Labor Relations Act and the Equal Pay Act, as the same may be amended from time to time; the California common law on fraud, misrepresentation, negligence, defamation, infliction of emotional distress or other tort, breach of contract or covenant, violation of public policy or wrongful termination; state or federal wage and hour laws, and other provisions of the California Labor Code, to the extent these may be released herein as a matter of law; or any other state or federal law, rule, or regulation dealing with the employment relationship.

(c) Nothing contained in this Section 10 or any other provision of this Agreement shall release or waive any right that Executive has to indemnification and/or reimbursement of expenses by the Company and its Related Entities with respect to which Executive may be eligible as provided in California Labor Code section 2802, the Companys and its Related Entities Certificates of Incorporation, Bylaws and any applicable directors and officers, errors & omissions, umbrella or general liability insurance policies, any indemnification agreements, including the Employment Agreement; or any other applicable source, nor prevent Executive from cooperating in an investigation of the Company by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). Further, nothing in this Agreement prohibits or restricts Executive (A) from filing a charge or complaint with, or cooperating in any investigation with, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or any other governmental agency, entity or authority (each, a Government Agency), (B) from reporting violations of U.S. federal or state laws or regulations to a Government Agency, (C) from making disclosures that are protected under U.S. federal and state whistleblower laws and regulations, or (D) from accepting any monetary reward in connection therewith. This Agreement does not limit Executives right to receive an award for information provided to a Government Agency. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from discussing or disclosing information regarding unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment, discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful.

17

11. Waiver of Civil Code Section 1542.

(a) Executive understands and agrees that the release provided herein extends to all Claims released above whether known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which may be released as a matter of law. Executive expressly waives and relinquishes any and all rights he may have under California Civil Code section 1542, which provides as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

(b) Executive expressly waives and releases any rights and benefits which he has or may have under any similar law or rule of any other jurisdiction. It is the intention of each party through this Agreement to fully, finally and forever settle and release the Claims as set forth above. In furtherance of such intention, the release herein given shall be and remain in effect as a full and complete release of such matters notwithstanding the discovery of any additional Claims or facts relating thereto.

12. Release of Federal Age Discrimination Claims by Executive. Executive hereby knowingly and voluntarily waives and releases all rights and claims, known or unknown, arising under the Age Discrimination In Employment Act of 1967, as amended, which he might otherwise have had against the Company or any of the Company Releasees regarding any actions which occurred prior to the date that Executive signed this Agreement, except that Executive is not prevented from cooperating in an investigation by the EEOC or from filing an EEOC charge other than for personal relief.

13. Review and Revocation Rights. Executive hereby is advised of the following:

(a) Executive has the right to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement and is encouraged by the Company to do so;

(b) Executive has twenty-one (21) days from his receipt of this Agreement to consider it; and

(c) Executive has seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke this Agreement, and this Agreement will not be effective until that revocation period has expired without revocation. Executive agrees that in order to exercise his right to revoke this Agreement within such seven (7) day period, he must do so in a signed writing delivered to the Companys Board of Directors of the Company (Board) before the close of business on the seventh calendar day after he signs this Agreement.

14. No Filings. Executive represents that he has not filed any waivable lawsuits, claims, charges or complaints, which are pending as of the date hereof, against the Company Releasees with any local, state or federal agency or court from the beginning of time to the date of execution of this Agreement and that, if any such agency or court ever assumes jurisdiction over any such lawsuit, claim, charge or complaint and/or purports to bring any legal proceeding, in whole or in part, on behalf of Executive based upon events occurring prior to the execution of this Agreement, Executive will request such agency or court to withdraw from and/or to dismiss the lawsuit, claim, charge or complaint with prejudice.

15. Confidential and Proprietary Information. Executive acknowledges that certain information, observations and data obtained by him during the course of orrelated to his employment with the Company and its Related Entities (including, without limitation, projection programs, business plans, business matrix programs (i.e., measurement of business), strategic financial projections, certain financial information, shareholder information, product design information, marketing plans or proposals,

18

personnel information, customer lists and other customer information) are the sole property of the Company and its Related Entities and constitute Proprietary Information as defined in Section 6 of the Employment Agreement. Executive represents and warrants that he has returned all files, customer lists, financial information and other property of the Company and its Related Entities that were in Executives possession or control without retaining copies thereof. Executive further represents and warrants that he does not have in his possession or control any files, customer lists, financial information or other property of the Company and its Related Entities. In addition to his promises in Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, Executive agrees that he will not disclose to any person or use any such information, observations or data without the written consent of the Board. If Executive is served with a deposition subpoena or other legal process calling for the disclosure of such information, or if he is contacted by any third person requesting such information, he will notify the Board as soon as is reasonably practicable after receiving notice and will reasonably cooperate with the Company and its Related Entities in minimizing the disclosure thereof; provided, that nothing in this Agreement will affect Executives obligations to testify truthfully in response to any subpoena or other legally required discovery proceeding. Further if any such cooperation requires Executives participation in any legal proceeding, Company will reimburse Executive for his time commensurate with his hourly rate at the time he was employed with Company. In the event Executive requires legal representation in connection with such cooperation, Company will pay for Executives legal fees.Further, the Company acknowledges and agrees that pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act: (i) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (ii) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (iii) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

16. Prohibited Activities.

(a) [Intentionally omitted].

(b) Non-Solicitation of Employees. Executive recognizes the substantial expenditure of time and effort which the Company devotes to the recruitment, hiring, orientation, training and retention of its employees. Accordingly, Executive agrees that, for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending twelve (12) months after termination of Executives employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, Executive shall not use any Proprietary Information, directly or indirectly, for himself or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit, offer employment to, hire or otherwise retain the services of any employee of the Company in a position classified as exempt from overtime pay requirements. For purposes of the foregoing, employee of the Company shall include any person who was an employee of the Company at any time within six (6) months prior to the prohibited conduct.

(c) Scope of Restrictions. Executive agrees that the restrictions in Sections 16 (a) and (b), above, are reasonable and necessary to protect the Companys trade secrets. To the extent that any of the provisions in this Section 16 are held to be overly broad or otherwise unenforceable at the time enforcement is sought, Executive agrees that the provision shall be reformed and enforced to the greatest extent permissible by law. Executive further agrees that if any portion of this Section 16 is held to be unenforceable, that the remaining provisions of it shall be enforced as written.

19

17. Remedies. Executive acknowledges that any misuse of Proprietary Information belonging to the Company and its Related Entities, or any violation of Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, and any violation of Sections 15, 16 and 18 of this Agreement, will result in irreparable harm to the Company and its Related Entities, and therefore, the Company and its Related Entities shall, in addition to any other remedies, be entitled to immediate injunctive relief. To the extent there is any conflict between Section 6 of the Employment Agreement and this Section 17, the provision providing the greatest protection to the Company and its Related Entities shall control. In addition, in the event of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by Executive, including Sections 15, 16 and 18, Executive shall forfeit, and the Company and its Related Entities may cease paying, any unpaid installments of the Severance Payment and providing any further medical insurance benefits under Sections 5 and 6, above.

18. Cooperation Clause.

(a) To facilitate the orderly conduct of the Company and its Related Entities businesses, for the Severance Period, Executive agrees to cooperate, at no charge, with the Company and its Related Entities reasonable requests for information or assistance related to the time of his employment.

(b) For the Severance Period, Executive agrees to cooperate, at no charge, with the Companys and its Related Entities and its or their counsels reasonable requests for information or assistance related to (i) any investigations (including internal investigations) and audits of the Companys and its Related Entities managements current and past conduct and business and accounting practices and (ii) the Companys and its Related Entities defense of, or other participation in, any administrative, judicial, or other proceeding arising from any charge, complaint or other action which has been or may be filed relating to the period during which Executive was employed by the Company and its Related Entities. The Company will promptly reimburse Executive for his reasonable, customary and documented out-of-pocket business expenses in connection with the performance of his duties under this Section 20. Except as required by law or authorized in advance by the Board of Directors of the Company, Executive will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with any third party other than Executives legal counsel or his own legal counsel, including any person or representative of any group of people or entity who is suing or has indicated that a legal action against the Company and its Related Entities or any of their directors or officers is being contemplated, concerning the management or governance of the Company and its Related Entities, the operations of the Company and its Related Entities, the legal positions taken by the Company and its Related Entities, or the financial status of the Company and its Related Entities. If asked about any such individuals or matters, Executive shall say: I have no comment, and shall direct the inquirer to the Company. Executive acknowledges that any violation of this Section 20 will result in irreparable harm to the Company and its Related Entities and will entitle the Company and its Related Entities to injunctive relief.

19. No Future Employment. Executive understands that his employment with the Company and its Related Entities will irrevocably end as of the Termination Date and will not be resumed at any time in the future. Executive agrees that he will not apply for, seek or accept employment by the Company and its Related Entities at any time, unless invited to do so by the Company and its Related Entities.

20. Tax Issues. The parties agree that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement, and all other contracts, arrangements or programs that apply to him, shall be subject to Section 16 of the Employment Agreement.

21. Non-disparagement. Executive agrees not to criticize, denigrate, or otherwise disparage the Company and its Related Entities, or any of their directors, officers, products, processes, experiments, policies, practices, standards of business conduct, or areas or techniques of research. The Company agrees not to authorize or condone denigrating or disparaging statements about Executive to any third

20

party, including by press release or other formally released announcement. Factually accurate statements in legal or public filings shall not violate this provision. In addition, nothing in this Section 21 shall prohibit Executive or the Company or the Board, or any of their employees or members from complying with any lawful subpoena or court order or taking any other actions affirmatively authorized by law.

22. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.

23. Dispute Resolution. The parties hereby agree that all disputes, claims or controversies arising from or otherwise in connection with this Agreement (except for injunctive relief sought by either party) between them and between Executive and any of the Companys affiliated entities and the successor of all such entities, and any director, shareholder or employee of the Company will be resolved in accordance with Section 13 of the Employment Agreement, except for its attorneys fee provision.

24. Attorneys Fees. Except as otherwise provided herein, in any action, litigation or proceeding between the parties arising out of or in relation to this Agreement, including any purported breach of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to an award of its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees.

25. Non-Admission of Liability. The parties understand and agree that neither the payment of any sum of money nor the execution of this Agreement by the parties will constitute or be construed as an admission of any wrongdoing or liability whatsoever by any party.

26. Severability. If any one or more of the provisions contained herein (or parts thereof), or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions hereof will not be in anyway impaired or affected, it being intended that all of the rights and privileges shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

27. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the sole and entire agreement among the parties and, except as expressly stated herein, supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations and discussions among the parties with respect to the subject matters contained herein.

28. Waiver. No waiver by any party hereto at any time of any breach of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by any other party hereto may be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same time or at any prior or subsequent time.

29. Amendment. This Agreement may be modified or amended only if such modification or amendment is agreed to in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto, which writing expressly states the intent of the parties to modify this Agreement.

30. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original as against any party that has signed it, but both of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

31. Assignment. This Agreement inures to the benefit of and is binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, but Executives rights under this Agreement are not assignable, except to his estate.

21

32. Notice. All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) if personally delivered or delivered by overnight courier; (b) if sent by electronic mail, telecopy or facsimile (except for legal process); or (c) if mailed by overnight or by first class, United States certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, and properly addressed as follows:

If to the Company:

STAAR Surgical Company

25510 Commercentre Drive

Lake Forest, California 92630

Attn: Board of Directors

If to Executive:

Stephen C. Farrell

[address on file]

Email: [email on file]

Such addresses may be changed, from time to time, by means of a notice given in the manner provided above. Notice will conclusively be deemed to have been given when personally delivered (including, but not limited to, by messenger or courier); or if given by mail, on the third business day after being sent by first class, United States certified or registered mail; or if given by Federal Express or other similar overnight service, on the date of delivery; or if given by electronic mail during normal business hours on a business day, when confirmation of transmission is indicated by the senders machine; or if given by electronic mail at any time other than during normal business hours on a business day, the first business day following when confirmation of transmission is indicated by the senders machine. Unless otherwise agreed, notices, requests, demands and other communications delivered to legal counsel of any party hereto, whether or not such counsel shall consist of in-house or outside counsel, shall not constitute duly given notice to any party hereto.

33. Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a) The parties represent that they have read this Agreement and fully understand all of its terms; that they have conferred with their attorneys, or have knowingly and voluntarily chosen not to confer with their attorneys about this Agreement; that they have executed this Agreement without coercion or duress of any kind; and that they understand any rights that they have or may have, and they are signing this Agreement with full knowledge of any such rights.

(b) Both parties have participated in the drafting of this Agreement with the assistance of counsel to the extent they desired. The language in all parts of this Agreement must be in all cases construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any party. Whenever the context requires, all words used in the singular must be construed to have been used in the plural, and vice versa, and each gender must include any other gender. The captions of the Sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and must not affect the construction or interpretation of any of the provision herein.

(c) Each provision of this Agreement to be performed by a party hereto is both a covenant and condition, and is a material consideration for the other partys performance hereunder, and any breach thereof by the party will be a material default hereunder. All rights, remedies, undertakings, obligations, options, covenants, conditions and agreements contained in this Agreement are cumulative and no one of them is exclusive of any other. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Agreement.

22

(d) Each party acknowledges that no representation, statement or promise made by any other party, or by the agent or attorney of any other party, except for those in this Agreement, has been relied on by him or it in entering into this Agreement.

(e) Unless expressly set forth otherwise, all references herein to a day are deemed to be a reference to a calendar day. All references to business day mean any day of the year other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public or bank holiday in Orange County, California. Unless expressly stated otherwise, cross-references herein refer to provisions within this Agreement and are not references to any other document.

(f) Each party to this Agreement will cooperate fully in the execution of any and all other documents and in the completion of any additional actions that may be necessary or appropriate to give full force and effect to the terms and intent of this Agreement.

EACH OF THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE/IT HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDS IT AND IS VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO IT, AND THAT IT INCLUDES A WAIVER OF THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, AND, WITH RESPECT TO EXECUTIVE, HE UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN CLAIMS.

[SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

23

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.

EXECUTIVE

COMPANY

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY

Stephen C. Farrell 

24
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>staa-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

This Consulting Agreement (Agreement) is entered into an effective as of February 26, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between STAAR Surgical Company, a Delaware corporation on behalf of itself and any and all affiliated entities (together, the Company) and Thomas G. Frinzi (the Consultant).

RECITALS

A.The Company is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of phakic implantable lenses used in refractive surgery and accessory delivery systems related thereto (the Business).

B. The Consultant is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company with expertise is a wide range of leadership, strategic, and operational matters regarding the Company.

C. The Consultants employment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company terminated on the Effective Date.

D. The Company wishes to retain the Consultant, and the Consultant wishes to be retained by the Company on the terms set forth in this Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date, such that Consultants service hereunder is continuous with his service as Chief Executive Officer.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises stated above, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Consultant agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1. Term. The Company retains the Consultant and the Consultant accepts this appointment with the Company for a period beginning as of 12:00 p.m. Pacific Time on the Effective Date and ending January 26, 2026 (such period, the Term). The parties agree that the commencement of the Consultants service on the Effective Date shall occur simultaneously with the Consultants termination of employment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, such that Consultants service pursuant to this Agreement is continuous with his service as Chief Executive Officer.

2. Duties of the Consultant. The Consultant agrees to perform the services described in Exhibit A to this Agreement. The Consultant will determine the method, details and means of performing the services.

3. Compensation. The Company shall pay to the Consultant, as compensation for the services performed pursuant to this Agreement, the amount of forty-five thousand dollars per month ($45,000), to be paid on the last day of each month during the Term of this Agreement after the performance of the services to be performed in that monthly period.

4. Nondisclosure and Noncompetition.

4.1. Access to Confidential Information. The Consultant acknowledges that during the Term of this Agreement, the Consultant will have access to, view, make use of and add value to confidential proprietary information of the Company, which includes, without limitation, trade secrets, systems, designs, methods, formulae, specifications, proprietary techniques, documentation, manuals, files, records, computer software programs, white papers, other confidential reports and communications and lists of and information relating to suppliers, customers and prospects, whether provided by the Company

or developed by the Consultant (Confidential Information). The Consultant further acknowledges that any information and materials received by the Company from third parties in confidence (including materials so received by the Consultant on behalf of the Company) shall be included in the definition of Confidential Information.

4.2. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information. The Consultant agrees to hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence, and agrees not to directly or indirectly disclose, divulge, reveal, report, publish or transfer, for any purpose whatsoever, any Confidential Information to any person or entity. The Consultant acknowledges that the Company holds all right, title, and interest in and to all tangible and intangible incidents of the Confidential Information, including, without limitation, all trade secrets, copyrights, patent rights and derivative works pertaining thereto, and that this agreement conveys to the Consultant only a limited right to use the Confidential Information in the course of performing this Agreement. Such right is fully revocable in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Consultant further agrees that, except for such right of use, it shall not assert any right, title, or interest in or to the Confidential Information. The Consultant agrees to return all Confidential Information in the Consultant's possession or under the Consultant's control at the request of the Company or, in the absence of such a request, upon the termination of this Agreement.

4.3. No Unfair Use by the Consultant. The Consultant agrees that the Consultant shall not use Confidential Information in any way or at any time except as required in the course of the Consultants business relationship with the Company, nor will the Consultant appropriate Confidential Information for the Consultants own use or the use of any other party. The Consultant agrees that any use, appropriation or disclosure of Confidential Information not in accordance with this Agreement constitutes unfair competition. The Consultant promises and agrees not to engage in any unfair competition with the Company.

4.4. Right of Injunction. As any breach by the Consultant of its covenants and agreements in this section may cause irreparable injury to the Company that cannot be redressed by the payment of monies, the Company shall be entitled to enjoin any such threatened or continuing violation.

4.5. Excluded Information. Confidential Information shall not include information which is or becomes publicly available without breach of (i) this Agreement, (ii) any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or a beneficiary or (iii) any duty owed to the Company by the Consultant or any third party; provided, however, that the Consultant hereby acknowledges and agrees that if the Consultant shall seek to disclose, divulge, reveal, report, publish, transfer or use any Confidential Information to any third party, the Consultant shall bear the burden of proving that any such information shall have become publicly available without any such breach. Disclosure of Confidential Information shall not be prohibited if such disclosure is directly pursuant to a valid and existing order of a court or other governmental body or agency; provided, however, that (i) the Consultant shall first have given prompt notice to the Company of any such possible or prospective order (or proceeding pursuant to which any such order may result) and (ii) the Company shall have been afforded a reasonable opportunity to prevent or limit any such disclosure. Further, the Company acknowledges and agrees that pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act: (i) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (ii) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (iii) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the

court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

5. Ownership of Information.

5.1. Property Belonging to the Company. The Consultant agrees that all right, title and interest in any findings, reports, inventions, writings, disclosures, discoveries, computer code, developments and improvements written, invented, made or conceived by the Consultant and relating to implantable devices, instruments or equipment for ophthalmic surgery or related procedures (inventions) in the course of or arising out this Agreement and with the Companys equipment, supplies, facilities or confidential proprietary information shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company and shall be work made for hire. The Consultant agrees to disclose all such inventions to the Company.

5.2. Further Acts.The Consultant agrees that, both during and after the Consultant's engagement by the Company, upon the request of the Company and without further compensation, but at no expense to the Consultant, the Consultant shall execute any instruments and to do all other things reasonably requested by the Company, including the giving of testimony, that in the opinion of the Company, its successors or assigns, may be necessary or desirable in order to obtain, sustain, reissue and renew, and in order to enforce, perfect, record and maintain the Companys rights to its inventions, including without limitation patent applications and United States and foreign patents on the Companys inventions, and copyright registrations on the Companys inventions.

6. Termination Without Cause.

6.1. Termination Due to Death. This Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of the Consultant and no further payments shall be made pursuant to its terms.

6.2. Termination Due to Disability. The Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately after the Consultant suffers any physical or mental disability that, in the Companys sole determination, would prevent the performance of the Consultants duties under this Agreement. A termination pursuant to this section shall be effected by giving ten days written notice of termination to the Consultant.

6.3. Termination Not For Cause. Termination of this Agreement under this Section 6 shall not be considered for cause.

7. Termination for Cause.

7.1. Termination for Cause. The Company reserves the right to immediately terminate this Agreement if the Consultant breaches this Agreement or habitually neglects the duties that he or she is required to perform hereunder, or if he commits acts of dishonesty, fraud, or misrepresentation, misuses or misappropriates Confidential Information, or engages in unfair competition with the Company as contemplated by Section 4 above. The Company reserves the right to immediately terminate this Agreement if the Consultant fails to promptly and faithfully comply with all present and future policies, requirements, directions, requests and rules and regulations of the Company or fails to conform to all laws and regulations or commits any act or becomes involved in any situation or occurrence tending to bring the Company into public scandal or ridicule or which will reflect unfavorably on the reputation of the Company.

7.2. Notice of Termination/No Election of Remedies.If the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1 above, the Company shall give written notice of termination to the Consultant without prejudice to any other remedy to which the Company may be entitled, either at law or in equity, under this Agreement.

7.3. Termination For Cause.Termination of this Agreement under this section shall be considered termination for cause.

8. Termination by Notice. With the exception of the obligations set forth in Section 10, either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty days written notice to the other party.

9. Survival of Obligations. The Consultants obligations under Sections 4, 5, 15 and 16 represent a continuing obligation of the Consultant and shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

10. Status of the Consultant. The Consultant understands and agrees that he is not an employee of the Company and that he shall not be entitled to receive employee benefits from the Company, including, but not limited to, sick leave, vacation, retirement, death benefits, an automobile, stock in the Company and/or participation in profits earned by the Company. The Consultant shall be responsible for providing, at the Consultants expense and in the Consultants name, disability, workers compensation or other insurance as well as licenses and permits usual or necessary for conducting the services hereunder. Furthermore, the Consultant shall pay, when and as due, any and all taxes incurred as a result of the Consultants compensation hereunder, including estimated taxes, and shall provide the Company with proof of said payments, upon demand. The Consultant hereby indemnifies the Company for any claims, losses, costs, fees, liabilities, damages or injuries suffered by the Company arising out of the Consultants breach of this section. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that any restricted stock units granted to the Consultant by the Company that were outstanding as of the Effective Date and that had not previously become vested, payable or free from restrictions as of the Effective Date shall continue to vest during the Term of this Agreement in accordance with the terms of the applicable incentive award agreements therefor as if the Consultant had remained continuously employed by the Company. The parties also agree that Consultants continued service hereunder shall not extend the exercise period for any stock options held by Consultant, and that in accordance with the Separation Agreement and General Release between the parties executed as of the date hereof, Consultants rights to exercise any stock options held by Consultant that are unexercised as of the date hereof will be terminated and forfeited effective as of the Effective Date.

11. Representations by the Consultant. The Consultant represents that the Consultant has the qualifications and ability to perform the services in a professional manner, without the advice, control, or supervision of the Company.

12. Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse the Consultant for all reasonable travel, supplies, and business expenses incurred by the Consultant during the Term of this Agreement, provided that each such expenditure qualifies as a proper deduction on the Companys federal and state income tax return. Each such expenditure shall be reimbursable only if the Consultant furnishes to the Company adequate records and other documentary evidence required by federal and state statutes and regulations issued by the appropriate taxing authorities for the substantiation of that expenditure as an income tax deduction. The Consultant may not incur any single business expense in an amount exceeding one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) without the express prior written consent of the Company. The Company shall, in its sole discretion, reimburse the Consultant or not, for any business expense which exceeds such amount and which is incurred by the Consultant without the prior written consent of the Company.

13. Notices. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all notices or other communications (collectively and severally called Notices) required or permitted to be given under this Agreement, shall be in writing, and shall be given by: (A) personal delivery (which form of Notice shall be deemed to have been given upon delivery), (B) by telegraph or by private airborne/overnight delivery service (which forms of Notice shall be deemed to have been given upon confirmed delivery by the delivery agency), or (C) by electronic mail or facsimile or telephonic transmission, provided the receiving party has a compatible device or confirms receipt thereof (which forms of Notice shall be deemed delivered upon confirmed transmission or confirmation of receipt). Notices shall be addressed to the address set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement, or to such other address as the receiving party shall have specified most recently by like Notice, with a copy to the other party.

14. Choice of Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed according to the laws of the state of California. Venue for any legal or equitable action between the Company and the Consultant which relates to this Agreement shall be in the courts of the State of California in the County of Los Angeles and the Central District of California of the United States District Court.

15. Indemnification. The Consultant hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, and the Companys officers, directors, and shareholders from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, costs, expenses, obligations, liabilities, damages, recoveries, and deficiencies, including, without limitation, interest, penalties, and reasonable attorney fees and costs, that the Company may incur or suffer and that arise, result from, or are related to any breach or failure of the Consultant to perform any of the representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement.

16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with respect to the services to be rendered by the Consultant to the Company, and contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to the services to be rendered by the Consultant to the Company in any manner whatsoever. The parties agree that Consultants Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2023 is terminated, effective February 26, 2025. Each party to this agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, that are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.

17. Independent Contractor. The Consultant shall at all times be an independent contractor hereunder, and not a co-venturer, agent, employee or representative of the Company, and no act, action or omission to act of the Consultant shall in any way be binding upon or obligate the Company. No change in the Consultant's duties as a consultant of the Company shall result in, or be deemed to be, a modification of the terms of this Agreement. The Company shall not be treated as an employee for federal tax purposes. The Consultant hereby represents and warrants to the Company that the Consultant is an independent contractor for federal, state and local tax purposes. Further, the Consultant hereby covenants and agrees to pay any and all federal, state and local taxes required by law to be paid by an independent contractor, including, without limitation, any taxes imposed by the Self Employment Contribution Act.

18. Arbitration. The parties hereby agree that all controversies, claims and matters of difference shall be resolved by binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (the AAA) located in Los Angeles County, California according to the rules and practices of the AAA from time-to-time in force; provided however that the parties hereto reserve their rights to seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, without waiving the right to compel such arbitration pursuant to this section. The arbitrator shall apply California law in rendering a decision.

19. Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the term of this Agreement, then and, in that event: (A) the performance of the offending term or provision (but only to the extent its application is invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be excused as if it had never been incorporated into this Agreement, and, in lieu of such excused provision, there shall be added a provision as similar in terms and amount to such excused provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable, and (B) the remaining part of this Agreement (including the application of the offending term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not be affected thereby and shall continue in full force and effect to the fullest extent provided by law.

20. Amendment or Waiver. No amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by both parties hereto. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same is in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced; moreover, no valid waiver of any provision of this Agreement at any time shall be deemed a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement at such time or shall be deemed a valid waiver of such provision at any other time.

21. Preparation of Agreement. It is acknowledged by each party that such party either had separate and independent advice of counsel or the opportunity to avail itself or himself of same. In light of these facts it is acknowledged that no party shall be construed to be solely responsible for the drafting hereof, and therefore any ambiguity shall not be construed against any party as the alleged draftsman of this Agreement.

22. Data Privacy. The Company and Consultant each acknowledge and agree that where a party processes personal data under or in connection with this Agreement it alone determines the purposes and means of such processing as a data controller. To the extent Consultant discloses, provides or otherwise makes available, personal data to Company under or in connection with the Agreement (Shared Personal Data), Consultant acknowledges that Company and its agents may process such Shared Personal Data for any purpose related to this Agreement, including for any purpose necessary to comply with applicable law. In connection with the Shared Personal Data, Consultant warrants that it: (a) has provided adequate notices to, and obtained valid consents from, the relevant individuals, in each case, to the extent necessary for Company or its agents to process the Shared Personal Data in connection with this Agreement which may include the transfer of the Shared Personal Data to Company outside of the European Economic Area (EEA); and (b) shall not, by act or omission, cause Company to violate any Data Protection Laws, notices provided to, or consents obtained from, data subjects as result of processing the Shared Personal Data in connection with this Agreement. In addition, Consultant agrees to comply with applicable data protection and data privacy laws.

23. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed manually or by facsimile signature in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Consulting Agreement on the date first written above.

CONSULTANT

COMPANY

STAAR SURGICAL COMPANY

/s/ Tom Frinzi 

/s/ Nathaniel Sisitsky

Thomas G. Frinzi 

Nathaniel Sisitsky

General Counsel

EXHIBIT A

DUTIES OF CONSULTANT

Consultant shall provide advisory services in connection with the transition of his role, as requested from time to time by the Companys CEO, members of the Board of Directors, and members of the Executive Management Team, which may include, without limitation, advice regarding corporate strategy, operations, and personnel.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>staa-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

STAAR Surgical Announces Leadership Transition

Stephen C. Farrell appointed CEO to succeed Tom Frinzi

Elizabeth Yeu, M.D. elected Board Chair

LAKE FOREST, CA, February 26, 2025 --- STAAR Surgical Company (NASDAQ: STAA), the global leader in phakic IOLs with the EVO family of Implantable Collamer Lenses (EVO ICL) for vision correction, today announced a leadership transition. Stephen C. Farrell, current Lead Independent Director of the STAAR Board of Directors, has been appointed President and CEO, effective February 26, 2025. Tom Frinzi, STAARs current President and CEO, will remain with the Company in an advisory role through January 2026 to support the leadership transition and build upon STAARs strong relationships in the ophthalmic community.

We are pleased to have a veteran healthcare executive of Steves caliber leading STAAR as we work to navigate current global macroeconomic challenges, said Wei Jiang, Chair of the Boards Nominating and Governance Committee. Steve brings a keen understanding of the healthcare industry and an excellent history of successfully and profitably growing global businesses while maintaining strong financial discipline. His knowledge of STAAR, gained from nine years of service on the board, including the last two as Lead Independent Director, will help him transition rapidly in this new role. With his attention to detail, rigorous analytical skills, and broad operating expertise, we are confident that Steve is the right leader to drive the next phase of STAARs growth.

I am excited to join STAAR as CEO at this critical time, said Mr. Farrell. We have a best-in-class product, a strong network of surgeons, and a clear path to continued market share gains in a market that we expect to grow substantially over time. I have long believed in the advantages of the EVO ICL and its potential to transform refractive surgery. The building blocks for STAARs success are in place, and I will be looking at opportunities for improvement, optimization, and efficiency. Although the past few years have been challenging for our business and our investors, we are well positioned to deliver strong returns as the refractive surgery market stabilizes and resumes its historic growth. I look forward to working with STAAR team members and customers around the world as we continue to deliver upon our promise to be the first choice for surgeons and patients seeking visual freedom.

Mr. Farrell brings to STAAR a long track record of operating and financial success, including over 20 years as both a CEO and CFO of global healthcare businesses. From 2011 to February 2024, he served as CEO of Convey Health Solutions, a technology-enabled healthcare business process outsourcer, which was acquired by TPG Capital in 2022. Previously, he served as President of PolyMedica Corporation, a publicly traded provider of diabetes supplies that grew rapidly for many years and then was acquired by Medco Health Solutions in 2007.

Mr. Jiang continued, On behalf of the entire Board, I want to thank Tom for his contributions to help drive the global adoption of STAARs EVO ICL technology. We are grateful for his efforts and appreciate that he will continue to support our team in an advisory role.

Mr. Frinzi said, It has been an honor to lead STAAR these last two years. We have steadily advanced the companys clinical and commercial capabilities and increased the awareness of the EVO ICL throughout the world. I am proud of what we have accomplished at STAAR, and I thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. I look forward to supporting Steve and the team, helping to ensure a smooth leadership transition, and continuing to collaborate with ophthalmologists to further drive EVO ICL adoption.

Dr. Yeu Elected Board Chair

The Company also announced today that Elizabeth Yeu, M.D., who has served as a member of the Board since 2021, has been elected by the Board to serve as Board Chair.

Mr. Jiang concluded, In keeping with our commitment to evolving, enhancing, and improving STAARs Board and governance, the Board has decided to separate the roles of CEO and Board Chair. Liz is a renowned ophthalmic surgeon who has made numerous contributions to STAAR during her tenure as a director. I know we will benefit from her leadership in the boardroom, as well as in the ophthalmic community.

Dr. Yeu said, As an ophthalmologist, I have seen first-hand the life-changing impact that EVO ICL can have on patients. The global myopia epidemic shows no sign of abating, and I believe that the future is bright for STAAR and EVO ICL. As we focus on growing the business and creating shareholder value, I look forward to working with Steve, the leadership team, and our valued surgeon partners.

In connection with Mr. Farrells transition to CEO, the Board has appointed Director Lilian Zhou as Chair of the Audit Committee. Ms. Zhou has served with Mr. Farrell on the Audit Committee since December 2023 and brings more than two decades of financial analysis, capital markets, and investment experience to the role.

About Stephen C. Farrell

Since February 2024, Mr. Farrell has been working as a consultant to private companies focused on improving financial performance and operating efficiencies. From February 2011 to February 2024, Mr. Farrell served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Convey Health Solutions, a technology-enabled healthcare business process outsourcer. Also, from 2012 to 2020, he was a member of the Board of Directors of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, formerly known as BioTime, Inc., a clinical stage biotechnology company focused in the field of regenerative medicine. From 2008 to 2009, Mr. Farrell served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Stream Global Services, a private equity owned business process outsourcer. From 1999 to 2007, Mr. Farrell served in multiple executive roles, including CFO, COO, and President, at PolyMedica Corporation, a publicly traded provider of diabetes supplies that was acquired by Medco Health Solutions in 2007. From 2007 to 2014, he served as a member of the Board of Directors of Questcor Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company that was acquired by Mallinckrodt PLC in 2014. Mr. Farrell spent five years as a Senior Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1994 to 1999, and was a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). He received his B.A. from Harvard University and earned an M.B.A. at the University of Virginia, Darden School of Business.

2

About Dr. Elizabeth Yeu

Dr. Yeu has been a Partner at Virginia Eye Consultants since 2014. She has served as an Assistant Professor of Ophthalmology at the Eastern Virginia Medical School since 2012. Dr. Yeu was President of the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery (ASCRS) from 2023 to 2024, and serves on the ASCRS Executive Board. Dr. Yeu has authored hundreds of medical journal articles and is a frequent lecturer nationally and internationally in the areas of refractive cataract surgery, anterior segment reconstruction, ocular surface disease management and the surgical management of astigmatism. Dr. Yeu was voted to The Ophthalmologist's Power List as follows: Global Top 100 Power List 2022 and 2020, Top 100 Women in Ophthalmology in 2021, Emerging Leader in 2019, Rising Stars in 2017 and Top 40 Under 40 in 2015. Dr. Yeu received the Women in Medicines Top Ophthalmologist Award in 2021, the inaugural Clinical Rising Star award in 2018 by the Ophthalmic Innovations Summit (OIS), was recognized as a Castle Connelly Top Doc 2016-2022 and received their Exceptional Women in Medicine Award in 2017-2018, earned the Best Doctors Award by her peers from 2013-2016, the Millennial Eye Award in 2015, and was recognized as Top 40 Under 40 through Virginias Inside Business Journal. Since December 2021, Dr. Yeu has served on the board of directors of Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutic candidates to address a prevalent disease with limited treatment options. Since November 2024, she has served as Chief Medical Officer of Tarsus.

Dr. Yeu earned her medical degree through an accelerated and combined undergraduate/medical school program at the University of Florida College of Medicine. She completed her Ophthalmology residency at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, where she served as Chief Resident (2006-2007). Dr. Yeu completed a fellowship in cornea, anterior segment, and refractive surgery at Baylor College of Medicines Cullen Eye Institute from 2007-2008, and she served as an Assistant Professor after her fellowship training.

About Lilian Zhou

Ms. Zhou has more than two decades of experience in corporate finance, capital markets, capital allocation and investment management. After a decade of working at prominent financial institutions such as Citadel, Kelusa Capital (an investment advisory firm backed by Tiger Management, L.L.C.) and Bear Stearns in investing and research roles, Ms. Zhou founded Yulan Capital Management LLC (Yulan), a global investment firm focused on publicly listed companies. Under her leadership, Yulan grew into a globally respected franchise from 2013 through June 2023 with offices in New York and Shanghai. Yulans institutional shareholder base included Tiger Management, L.L.C. as well as leading endowments, pension funds and insurance companies. Ms. Zhou started her career in investment banking at Credit Suisse. Ms. Zhou holds dual BA, Summa Cum Laude, in Economics and Mathematics- Statistics from Columbia University. She also holds an MBA in Finance and General Management from the Wharton School where she graduated as a Palmer Scholar. She is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Charter holder and received National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD) Directorship certification.

About STAAR Surgical

STAAR, which has been dedicated solely to ophthalmic surgery for over 40 years, designs, develops, manufactures and markets implantable lenses for the eye. These lenses are intended to provide visual freedom for patients, lessening or eliminating the reliance on glasses or contact lenses. All of these lenses are foldable, which permits the surgeon to insert them through a small incision. STAARs lens used in refractive surgery is called an Implantable Collamer Lens or ICL, which includes the EVO ICL product line. More than 3,000,000 ICLs have been sold to date and STAAR markets these lenses in over 75 countries. To learn more about the ICL go to: EVOICL.com. Headquartered in Lake Forest, CA, the

3

company operates manufacturing and packaging facilities in Aliso Viejo, CA, Monrovia, CA and Nidau, Switzerland. For more information, please visit the Companys website at www.staar.com.

CONTACT: Investors & Media

Brian Moore

Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Development

(626) 303-7902, Ext. 3023

bmoore@staar.com

Investors - Asia

Niko Liu, CFA

Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Development - Asia

+852-6092-5076

nliu@staar.com

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>img177331332_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>