<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000929638-25-000228.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0000929638-25-000228.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122135048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000929638-25-000228
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250122
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001836995
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001175215
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Other

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Verizon ABS II LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001836995
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				232259884
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-253034
		FILM NUMBER:		25545082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VERIZON WAY
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-395-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VERIZON WAY
		CITY:			BASKING RIDGE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07920

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Verizon Master Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844964
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				866471965
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-253034-01
		FILM NUMBER:		25545083

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WILMINGTON TRUST, NA
		STREET 2:		1100 NORTH MARKET STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19890-1605
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-829-1928

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WILMINGTON TRUST, NA
		STREET 2:		1100 NORTH MARKET STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19890-1605
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>vzmt2025-1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO

SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 22, 2025

VERIZON MASTER TRUST

(Exact name of Issuing Entity as specified in its charter)

Commission File Numbers: 333-253034-01; 333-278415-01

Central Index Key: 0001844964

VERIZON ABS II LLC

(Exact name of Depositor/Registrant as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key: 0001836995

Delaware 

333-253034; 333-278415 

23-2259884

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation of Registrant) 

(Commission File Numbers of Registrant) 

(IRS Employer Identification No. of Registrant)

CELLCO PARTNERSHIP

(Exact name of Sponsor as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key: 0001175215

One Verizon Way

Basking Ridge, New Jersey 

07920

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (212) 395-1000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

[ ] 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Not applicable 

Not applicable 

Not applicable

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company[ ]

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act. 

[ ]

Item 8.01 

Other Events.

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP and Morris James LLP have been retained by Verizon ABS II LLC as counsel for its registration statement on Form SF-3 (Commission File Nos. 333-278415 and 333-278415-01)
in connection with various transactions. Legal opinions by Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP and Morris James LLP to be incorporated into the registration statement are attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1, Exhibit 5.2 and Exhibit 8.1.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) 

Not applicable.

(b) 

Not applicable.

(c) 

Not applicable.

(d) 

Exhibits:

Exhibit No. 

Description

5.1 

Opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP as to legality (including consent of such firm).

5.2 

Opinion of Morris James LLP with respect to Delaware law (including consent of such firm).

8.1 

Opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP as to certain tax matters (including consent of such firm).

23.1 

Consent of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 and Exhibit 8.1).

23.2 

Consent of Morris James LLP (included in Exhibit 5.2).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

VERIZON ABS II LLC

By: 

/s/ Jon Ransegnola 

Name: 

Jon Ransegnola

Title: 

Assistant Treasurer

Date: January 22, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP AS TO LEGALITY
<TEXT>
Exhibits 5.1 and 23.1

[Letterhead of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP]

January 22, 2025

Verizon ABS II LLC

One Verizon Way

Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920

Re: 

Verizon Master Trust, Series 2025-1

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Verizon ABS II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor) and Verizon Master Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust) in connection with the offering and sale of $534,600,000
aggregate principal amount of 4.71% Asset Backed Notes, Class A (the Class A Notes), $40,872,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.94% Asset Backed Notes, Class B (the Class B Notes) and $24,528,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.09% Asset Backed Notes, Class C (the Class C
Notes, and together with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes) issued by the Trust. The Notes will be offered and sold to the Underwriters
(as defined below) by the Trust pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025(the Underwriting
Agreement), by and among the Trust, Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless, and each of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as
representatives of the several underwriters identified therein (collectively, the Underwriters).

In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Depositor has prepared a prospectus dated January 15, 2025 (together with any documents and
other information incorporated therein by reference, each in the form prepared for use by the Underwriters in confirming sales of the Notes, are together called the Prospectus). The Trust was formed pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated as
of February 3, 2021, between the Depositor and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, as amended, between
the Depositor and the Owner Trustee.

The Depositor has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form SF-3 (Registration Nos. 333278415 and 333-278415-01), as amended by
Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 thereto, for the registration of the Notes and certain other securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 
In this opinion letter, the foregoing registration statement, as so amended, at its effective date, including any documents and other information incorporated therein by reference, is called the Registration Statement. As set forth in the Prospectus, the Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2025 (the Indenture),
between the Trust and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee) and note paying agent.

This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. No opinion is
expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus other than as to the entitlement of the Notes to the benefits of the Indenture and their enforceability against the Trust in accordance with
their terms.

As such counsel, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies of such corporate records, documents, agreements or other instruments of the
Depositor as we consider appropriate. As to all matters of fact, we have entirely relied upon certificates of officers of the Depositor and of public officials, and have assumed, without independent inquiry, the accuracy of those certificates. In
connection with this opinion, we have also examined and relied upon the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us
as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form, and the legal competence of each individual executing any document.

Each opinion set forth below relating to the binding effect of the Notes is subject to the following general qualifications:

(i) 

the enforceability of any obligation of the Trust or otherwise may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, marshalling or other laws and rules affecting the enforcement generally of
creditors rights and remedies (including such as may deny giving effect to waivers of debtors or guarantors rights); and

(ii) 

the enforcement of any rights may in all cases be subject to an implied duty of good faith and general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

This opinion letter is limited solely to the internal, substantive laws of the State of New York as applied by courts located in New York without regard
to choice of law.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Notes, when duly authorized by all requisite statutory trust action on the part of the Trust,
executed by the Owner Trustee and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, when delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor as described in the Underwriting Agreement, will be entitled to the benefits of
the Indenture and will constitute the binding obligations of the Trust, enforceable against the Trust in accordance with their terms.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the references to this firm under the heading
Legal Opinions in the Prospectus. In rendering the foregoing opinions and giving such consent, we do not admit that we are experts within the meaning of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF MORRIS JAMES LLP WITH RESPECT TO DELAWARE LAW
<TEXT>
Exhibits 5.2 and 23.2

[Letterhead of Morris James LLP]

January 22, 2025

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

Re: 

Verizon Master Trust

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special Delaware counsel to Verizon Master Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust), solely for purposes of
delivering this letter in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Trust Agreement of the Trust, dated as of February 3, 2021 (the Original Trust Agreement), by and between Verizon ABS II LLC (the Depositor) and Wilmington Trust,
National Association, as Owner Trustee, as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, as amended by the Second Omnibus Amendment (the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, and together with the
Original Trust Agreement, the Trust Agreement), between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee. This opinion letter is being delivered to you pursuant to Section 7(i) of the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Underwriting
Agreement), by and among the Trust, Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless (Cellco), and each of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., each on its own
behalf and as representatives of the several underwriters identified therein. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned thereto in the Trust Agreement, except that reference herein to any document means such
document as in effect on the date hereof.

For purposes of this letter, our review of documents has been limited to the review of originals or copies furnished to us of the
following documents:

(a) 

the Trust Agreement;

(b) 

the Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2025 (the Indenture), by and between the Trust and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee (the
Indenture Trustee) and Note Paying Agent;

(c) 

the Master Collateral Agency and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, as amended by the Omnibus Amendment, the Second Omnibus Amendment and the Third
Amendment (the Master Collateral Agreement), among the Trust, U.S. Bank Trust

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 2

Company, National Association as Master Collateral Agent (the Master Collateral Agent), Cellco as Servicer and each Creditor Representative from time to time party
thereto;

(d) 

the Administration Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021 (the Administration Agreement), by and between the Trust and Cellco (the Administrator);

(e) 

the Account Control Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021 (the Account Control Agreement), by and among the Trust, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as
Secured Party and U.S. Bank National Association, as Financial Institution;

(f) 

the Series 2025-1 Account Control Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025 (the Series 2025-1 Account Control Agreement), by and among the Trust, U.S. Bank Trust
Company, National Association, as Secured Party and U.S. Bank National Association, as Financial Institution;

(g) 

the Second Amended and Restated Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2024 (the Asset Representations Review Agreement) among the Trust,
Cellco and Pentalpha Surveillance LLC, as Asset Representations Reviewer;

(h) 

the Underwriting Agreement;

(i) 

the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, as amended by the Omnibus Amendment (the Transfer and Servicing Agreement), among the Trust, the
Depositor and Cellco, as custodian, servicer and marketing agent (the Indenture, the Master Collateral Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, the Series 2025-1 Account Control Agreement, the Asset
Representations Review Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, collectively, the Related Documents);

(j) 

specimens of the Series 2025-1 Class A Notes, the Series 2025-1 Class B Notes and the Series 2025-1 Class C Notes being issued by the Trust on the date hereof (the
Notes);

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 3

(k) 

the Certificate of Trust of the Trust, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the Secretary of State) on February 3, 2021 (the Certificate
of Trust);

(l) 

a Certificate of Good Standing for the Trust, dated a recent date (the Good Standing Certificate), obtained from the Secretary of State;

(m) 

one or more certificates of the Owner Trustee, dated as of the date hereof, certifying as to certain matters and/or documents attached thereto;

(n) 

the UCC-1 financing statement naming the Trust as debtor and the Indenture Trustee as secured party to be filed in the Office of the Secretary of State (the
Financing Statement);

(o) 

the Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 4, 2021 (the Omnibus Amendment), amending, among other agreements, the Master Collateral Agreement and the
Transfer and Servicing Agreement;

(p) 

the Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 11, 2022 (the Second Omnibus Amendment), amending the Master Collateral Agreement and the Trust Agreement; and

(q) 

Amendment No. 3, dated as of August 30, 2024 (the Third Amendment), amending the Master Collateral Agreement.

For purposes of this letter, we have not reviewed any documents other than the documents referenced in paragraphs (a) through (q)
above and certain written statements of governmental authorities and others referenced in this paragraph. In particular, we have not reviewed and express no opinion as to any other document that is referred to in, incorporated by reference into, or
attached (as an exhibit, schedule, or otherwise) to any of the documents reviewed by us unless specifically identified herein. The opinions in this letter relate only to the documents specified in such opinions, and not to any exhibit, schedule,
or other attachment to, or any other document referred to in or incorporated by reference into, any of such documents. We have assumed that there exists no provision in any document that we have not reviewed that bears upon or is inconsistent with
or contrary to the opinions in this letter. We have conducted no factual investigation of our own, and have relied solely upon the documents reviewed by us, the statements and information set forth in such documents, certain statements of

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 4

governmental authorities and others (including, without limitation, the Good Standing Certificate), and the additional matters recited or assumed in this
letter, all of which we assume to be true, complete, and accurate and none of which we have independently investigated or verified.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, exceptions, qualifications, and limitations in this letter,
it is our opinion that:

1.The Trust has been duly formed and is validly existing in good standing as a
statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801 et seq. (the Act).

2.The Trust Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of each of
the parties thereto, enforceable against each of such parties in accordance with its terms.

3.The Trust has power and authority under the Trust Agreement and the Act to
execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Related Documents, to grant the Series 2025-1 Collateral (as defined in the Indenture) to the Indenture Trustee as security for the Notes and to issue the Notes pursuant to
the Indenture.

4.The Trusts execution and delivery of, and performance of its obligations under,
the Related Documents and the Trusts issuance of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture have been duly authorized by the Trust, each of the Related Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Trust and each of the Notes has been duly
executed and delivered by the Trust.

5.No consent, approval, or authorization of, registration or filing with, or
notice to, any governmental authority or administrative agency of the State of Delaware is required to be obtained, made, or given by the Trust for the Trusts execution and delivery of, and the performance of its obligations under, the Notes and
the Related Documents, other than the filing of the Certificate of Trust with the Secretary of State.

6.Under Section 3805(b) of the Act, no creditor of a Certificateholder in its capacity as the beneficial owner of the Trust shall have any right to obtain possession of, or
otherwise exercise legal or equitable remedies with respect to, the property of the Trust, except in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement.

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 5

7.Under Section 3805(c) of the Act, except to the extent otherwise provided in the
Trust Agreement, a Certificateholder as the beneficial owner of the Trust has no interest in specific statutory trust property of the Trust.

8.Pursuant to Section 3808(a) of the Act, the Trust may not be terminated or
revoked by a Certificateholder or other person except in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement.

9.Pursuant to Section 3808(b) of the Act, the dissolution, termination or
bankruptcy of a Certificateholder or any other beneficial owner of a Trust shall not result in the termination or dissolution of such Trust.

10.To the extent that Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the
State of Delaware, 6 Del. C. 9-101, et
seq. (Delaware Article 9), is applicable (without regard to conflict of laws principles), and assuming the due creation and attachment of the security interests in the collateral described in the Financing Statement and assuming that
the Financing Statement on Form UCC-1 has been filed in the Office of the Secretary of State, the Indenture Trustee has a perfected security interest in the related collateral to the extent that such security interest may be perfected by the
filing of a financing statement in the State of Delaware.

11.Under Section 3801(i) of the Act, the Trust is a separate legal entity.

12.Under the Act and the Trust Agreement, assuming that the Depositor, pursuant to
the provisions of the Trust Agreement, conveys good title to the Trust Property to the Trust as a true sale and not as a security arrangement, the Trust rather than the Certificateholder will hold whatever title to the Trust Property as may be so
conveyed to the Trust from time to time pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, except to the extent that the Trust has taken action to dispose of or otherwise transfer or encumber any part of the Trust Property.

13.Assuming that the Trust will not be characterized as an association taxable as a
corporation (or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation) for United States federal income tax purposes, neither the Trust nor any of its assets will be subject to income taxation by the State of Delaware or any political subdivision
or taxing authority thereof or therein (other than filing fees payable to the Secretary of State).

14.The Trusts execution and delivery of, and performance of its obligations under,
the Related Documents: (a) are not prohibited by the Trust Agreement or the Certificate of Trust; and (b) do not violate the Act.

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 6

The foregoing opinions are subject to the following exceptions, qualifications, limitations, and assumptions in addition to those
above:

A.The opinions in this letter are limited to the laws of the State of Delaware,
other than (i) tax laws and securities laws of the State of Delaware, and rules, regulations, orders, and decisions relating thereto, and (ii) laws, rules, regulations, orders, and decisions applicable to the particular nature of the property or
activities of the Trust, and we have not considered and express no opinion on the effect of, concerning matters involving, or otherwise with respect to any other laws of any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, federal laws of the United
States of America), or rules, regulations, orders, or decisions relating thereto.

B.We have assumed: (i) except as stated in numbered paragraph 1 above, the due
incorporation or due formation, as the case may be, due organization, and valid existence in good standing under the laws of all relevant jurisdictions of each of the parties to the documents reviewed by us; (ii) except as stated in numbered
paragraph 4 above, the due authorization, execution, authentication, and delivery of each of such documents by each of such parties; (iii) except as stated in numbered paragraph 3 above, that each of such parties had and has the power and
authority to execute, deliver, and perform each of such documents; and (iv) the legal capacity of all relevant natural persons.

C.We have assumed that: (i) all signatures on all documents reviewed by us are
genuine; (ii) all documents furnished to us as originals are authentic; (iii) all documents furnished to us as copies or specimens conform to the originals thereof; (iv) all documents furnished to us in final draft or final or execution form have
not been and will not be terminated, rescinded, altered, or amended, are in full force and effect, and conform to the final, executed originals of such documents; and (v) each document reviewed by us constitutes the entire agreement among the
parties thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we have assumed that the Trust Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties thereto with respect to the subject matter
thereof, including, without limitation, with respect to the creation, operation, and termination of the Trust. We have also assumed that the Trust derives no income from or connected with sources within the State of Delaware and has no assets,
activities (other than having a Delaware trustee as required by the Act and filing documents with the Secretary of State) or employees in the State of Delaware, and that no beneficial owner of the Trust is subject to taxation in the State of
Delaware. We have further assumed that the Indenture, the Notes, the Underwriting Agreement and the Series 2025-1 Account Control Agreement constitute Series Related Documents as such term is defined in the Master Collateral Agreement.

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 7

D.The opinions in numbered paragraphs 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 12 above are subject
to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, receivership, fraudulent conveyance, preferential transfer, liquidation, and similar laws relating to or affecting rights and remedies of creditors generally, (ii) principles of equity
(regardless of whether considered and applied in a proceeding in equity or at law), including, without limitation, applicable law relating to fiduciary duties, (iii) standards of good faith, fair dealing, course of dealing, course of performance,
materiality, and reasonableness that may be applied by a court, considerations of public policy, and the exercise of judicial discretion, and (iv) federal or state securities law and public policy considerations relating to indemnification or
contribution.

E.We have assumed that the Financing Statement (i) sufficiently indicates the
related collateral; (ii) provides the name of and a mailing address for the secured party of record; and (iii) provides the name of and a mailing address for the debtor. In addition, we express no opinion (i) as to the ownership of or title to
any property, (ii) as to the creation or attachment of any lien, pledge, mortgage, or security interest, (iii) except as stated in paragraph 10 above, as to the perfection of any lien, pledge, mortgage, or security interest, (iv) as to the
priority of any lien, pledge, mortgage, or security interest, (v) as to or concerning the effect of (a) any security interest perfected other than solely by the filing in the Office of the Secretary of State of the Financing Statement, or (b) any
subordination agreement by the Indenture Trustee, (vi) as to the perfection or priority of any security interest in (x) proceeds, except for identifiable proceeds of the collateral subject to the limitations of Section 9-315 of Delaware Article
9, and (y) as-extracted collateral (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(6) of Delaware Article 9), timber to be cut, and goods that are or are to become fixtures (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(41) of Delaware Article 9).

F.We have not participated in the preparation of any offering materials with
respect to the Notes or the Certificates and assume no responsibility for the contents thereof. We do not express any opinion as to whether the transfer of any property to the Trust by the Depositor constitutes a true sale.

G.There are no implied opinions in this letter. The opinions in this letter are
limited to the opinions expressly stated in numbered paragraphs 1 through 14 above, and no opinions shall be inferred beyond the opinions expressly stated in such numbered paragraphs.

This opinion is rendered only to those to whom it is addressed and may not be relied on in connection with any transactions other than
the transactions contemplated in this opinion letter, except that this opinion may be posted on a password-

To The Addressees Listed On

Schedule A Attached Hereto

January 22, 2025

Page 8

protected website maintained on behalf of Cellco pursuant to requirements imposed by each nationally recognized statistical rating organization (each, an
NRSRO) that is engaged to rate any of the Notes, as required by Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may be viewed (but not relied upon) by other NRSROs accessing that website in accordance with Rule 17g-5. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may furnish copies of this opinion to (i) your respective auditors and attorneys, (ii) your bank examiners and other regulatory authorities should they so request, (iii) any court or governmental authority
pursuant to an order of legal process thereof, (iv) any permitted prospective successors, assigns and participants, and (v) any funding source and your permitted actual successors, assigns and participants; provided that none of the foregoing may
rely on this opinion without our prior written consent. Except as set forth in the preceding two sentences, without our prior written consent, this letter may not be furnished or quoted to, or relied upon by, any other person or entity, or relied
upon for any other purpose. There are no implied opinions in this letter. This letter speaks only as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to advise
you of any changes in the foregoing subsequent to the delivery of this letter. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Trusts current report on Form 8-K.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Morris James LLP

RAX/mag

Schedule A

Verizon ABS II LLC

Verizon Master Trust

Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless

Wilmington Trust, National Association

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

BNP Paribas Securities Corp.

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

AmeriVet Securities, Inc.

CastleOak Securities, L.P.

Drexel Hamilton, LLC

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

S&P Global Ratings

Fitch Ratings, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit8-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP AS TO CERTAIN TAX MATTERS
<TEXT>
Exhibits 8.1 and 23.1

[Letterhead of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP]

January 22, 2025

Verizon ABS II LLC

One Verizon Way

Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920

Re: 

Verizon Master Trust, Series 2025-1

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to Verizon ABS II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor) and Verizon Master Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust) in connection with the offering and sale of
$534,600,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.71% Asset Backed Notes, Class A (the Class A Notes), $40,872,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.94% Asset Backed Notes, Class
B (the Class B Notes) and $24,528,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.09% Asset Backed Notes, Class C (the Class
C Notes and together with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes) issued by the Trust. The Notes will be offered and sold to the Underwriters
(as defined below) by the Trust pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), by and among the Trust, Cellco
Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless, and each of Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., as representatives of the several
underwriters identified therein (collectively, the Underwriters).

In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Depositor has prepared a prospectus dated January 15, 2025 (together
with any documents and other information incorporated therein by reference, each in the form prepared for use by the Underwriters in confirming sales of the Notes, are together called the Prospectus). The Trust was formed pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2021, between the Depositor and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, as amended, between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee.

The Depositor has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form SF-3 (Registration Nos.
333278415 and 333-278415-01), as amended by Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 thereto, for the registration of the Notes and certain other securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In this opinion letter, the foregoing registration statement, as so amended, at its effective date, including any documents and other information incorporated therein by reference, is called the
Registration Statement. As set forth in the Prospectus, the Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Trust and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture
Trustee) and note paying agent.

As such counsel, we have relied upon originals or copies of such corporate records, documents, agreements or other instruments of the Depositor as we consider
appropriate. As to various questions of fact material to such opinions, we have relied, to the extent we deemed

appropriate, upon representations, statements and certificates of officers and representatives of the Depositor and others, and
have assumed, without independent inquiry, the accuracy of those representations, statements and certificates. In connection with this opinion, we have also examined and relied upon the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Indenture. In
our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form, and
the legal competence of each individual executing any document.

Attorneys involved in the preparation of this opinion letter are admitted to practice law in the State of New York and we do not
express any opinion herein concerning any law other than the federal tax laws of the United States of America.

Based on the foregoing and consideration of such other matters as we have deemed appropriate, we are of the opinion that as of the
date hereof, the statements in the Prospectus under the headings SummaryTax Status and Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences, insofar as they purport to describe certain provisions of United States federal income
tax law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are correct in all material respects.

Our opinion above is based upon our interpretations of current law, including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
judicial decisions, administrative rulings and existing final and temporary Treasury regulations, which are subject to change both prospectively and retroactively, and upon the facts and assumptions discussed herein. This opinion letter is limited
to the matters set forth herein, and no opinions are intended to be implied or may be inferred beyond those expressly stated herein. In addition, our opinion is based on the assumption that the matter, if litigated, will be properly presented to the
applicable court. Furthermore, our opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not take a contrary position.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the references to this firm in the Prospectus under the headings SummaryTax Status,
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences and Legal Opinions. In rendering the foregoing opinions and giving such consent, we do not admit that we are experts within the meaning of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>