<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000041719-25-000009.txt : 20250131
<SEC-HEADER>0000041719-25-000009.hdr.sgml : 20250131
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250131160242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000041719-25-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241104
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250131
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250131

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Magnera Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000041719
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPER MILLS [2621]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				230628360
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03560
		FILM NUMBER:		25578320

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9335 HARRIS CORNERS PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28269
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-744-7380

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9335 HARRIS CORNERS PKWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28269

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Glatfelter Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200930

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLATFELTER P H CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>magn-20241104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?magn-20241104

0000041719false00000417192024-11-042024-11-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K/A

(Amendment No. 2)

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): 11/4/2024

Magnera Corporation

______________________________________________________________________

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Pennsylvania 001-03560 23-0628360

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

9335 Harris Corners Pkwy, Ste 300, 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28269

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: 

866744-7380

Glatfelter Corporation

4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, North Carolina 28269

______________________________________________________________________

Former name or former address, if changed since last report

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock MAGN New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note

On November 5, 2024, Magnera Corporation (Magnera or the Company), formerly known as Glatfelter Corporation (Glatfelter), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a Current Report on Form 8-K (as amended on November 20, 2024, the Initial 8-K) to disclose that the Company had completed the previously announced transactions contemplated by (i) that certain RMT Transaction Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2024 (the RMT Transaction Agreement), by and among Glatfelter, Berry Global Group, Inc. (Berry), Treasure Merger Sub I, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Glatfelter (First Merger Sub), and Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Glatfelter (Second Merger Sub and together with First Merger Sub, the Merger Subs), and Treasure Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Berry (Spinco), and (ii) certain other agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated by the RMT Transaction Agreement.

Among other things, (i) Berry separated the business, operations and activities that constituted its global nonwovens and hygiene films business (the HHNF Business) from Berrys other businesses pursuant to which certain assets and liabilities constituting the HHNF Business were transferred to Spinco and certain excluded assets and liabilities unrelated to the HHNF Business were transferred to Berry or other non-Spinco subsidiaries of Berry, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Separation Agreement, and (ii) First Merger Sub merged with and into Spinco, with Spinco surviving as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, immediately following which, Spinco merged with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub surviving as a limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the Transactions).

This Current Report on Form 8-K/A amends the Initial 8-K to incorporate by reference certain disclosures from Spincos Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2024 (the Spinco 10-K) into the Companys filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

The disclosures from the Spinco 10-K set forth under Part I, Item1A, Risk Factors and Part II, Item7, Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations filed herewith and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3, respectively, are incorporated by reference herein.

The audited combined balance sheets of Spinco as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related combined statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in parent invested equity for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, the related notes thereto, and the report of independent registered public accounting firm thereon filed as Exhibit 99.4 hereto are incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits attached hereto contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, would, could, seeks, approximately, intends, plans, estimates, projects, outlook, anticipates or looking forward, or similar expressions that relate to strategy, plans, intentions, or expectations. 

These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the Transactions, including future financial and operating results, the combined companys plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, and other statements that are not historical facts. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties outside of their control. Among the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those described in the forward-looking statements are the following: risks that the anticipated tax treatment of the Transactions is not obtained; risks related to litigation brought in connection with the Transactions; the risk that the integration of the combined company is more difficult, time consuming or costly than expected; risks related to financial community and rating agency perceptions of each the parties to the Transactions and their respective business, operations, financial condition and the industry in which they operate; risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the Transactions; failure to realize the benefits expected from the Transactions; effects of the completion of the Transactions on the ability of the parties to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their counterparties, and on their operating results and businesses generally. Actual results may differ materially from those that are expected due to a variety of factors.These risks, as well as other risks associated with the Transactions, are more fully discussed in the proxy statement/prospectus, registration statement on Form S-4 and the registration statement on Form 10 filed with the SEC in connection with the Transactions. Discussions of additional risks and uncertainties are contained in Berry Global Group Inc.s, Spincos and Magnera Corporations filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Neither Magnera Corporation, Spinco, nor Berry Global Group Inc. is under any obligation, and each expressly disclaims any obligation, to update, alter, or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that 

may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

d)Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

23.1 

Consent of Ernst & Young LLP

99.2 

Risk Factors of Spinco and the HHNF Business (incorporated by reference to Spincos Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56679) for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024).

99.3 

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Spinco and the HHNF Business as of and for the fiscal years ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Spincos Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56679) for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024).

99.4 

Audited combined financial statements of Spinco as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and for the three years ended September 28, 2024 and report of independent registered public accounting firm thereon (incorporated by reference to Spincos Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-56679) for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

The information furnished in this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MAGNERA CORPORATION 

January 31, 2025 By: /s/ Jill L. Urey 

Jill L. Urey 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>magn-ex231toform8xkmagne.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-23.1
<TEXT>
magn-ex231toform8xkmagne

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 1) Post-effective Amendment No. 1 (Form S-8 No. 333-12089) pertaining to the Glatfelter 401(k) Savings Plan for Hourly Employees; 2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-26587) pertaining to the P. H. Glatfelter Company 401(k) Savings Plan; 3) Post-effective Amendment No. 1 (Form S-8 No. 333-26587) pertaining to the P. H. Glatfelter Company 401(k) Savings Plan; 4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-217883) pertaining to the P.H. Glatfelter Company Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan; 5) Post-effective Amendment No. 1 (Form S-8 No. 333-264855) pertaining to the Glatfelter Corporation 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan; 6) Post-effective Amendment No. 1 (Form S-8 No. 333-271720) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Glatfelter Corporation 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan; 7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-282991) pertaining to the Magnera Corporation 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan; of our report dated December 23, 2024, with respect to the combined financial statements of Spinco included in this Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Magnera Corporation. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Indianapolis, Indiana January 31, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>magn-ex992toform8xkpostx.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
magn-ex992toform8xkpostx

EXHIBIT 99.2 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Operational Risks Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. Challenging current and future global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. Recent regional and global conflicts have increased volatility in world economies. Current global economic challenges, including relatively high inflation and supply chain constraints may continue to put pressure on our business. When challenging economic conditions exist, our customers may delay, decrease or cancel purchases from us, and may also delay payment or fail to pay us altogether. Suppliers may have difficulty filling our orders and distributors may have difficulty getting our products to customers, which may affect our ability to meet customer demands, and result in a loss of business. Weakened global economic conditions may also result in unfavorable changes in our product prices, product mix and profit margins. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, including through pricing actions and productivity programs, if these actions are not effective our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, there could be a time lag between recognizing the benefit of our mitigating actions and when the inflation occurs and there is no assurance that our mitigating measures will be able to fully mitigate the impact of inflation. Political volatility may also contribute to the general economic conditions and regulatory uncertainty in regions in which we operate. Future unrest and changing policies could result in an adverse impact to our financial condition. Political developments can also disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Raw material inflation or shortage of available materials could harm our financial condition and results of operations. Raw materials are subject to price fluctuations and availability, due to external factors, such as recent regional and global conflict, weather-related events, or other supply chain challenges, which are beyond our control. Temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred in the past, which can lead to increased raw material price volatility. Additionally, our suppliers could experience cost increases to produce raw material due to increases in carbon pricing. Historically we have been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing our selling prices. We have generally been well positioned to capture additional market share as our primarily raw material, polymer resin, is typically a lower cost and more versatile substrate compared to alternatives. However, raw material shortages or our inability to timely pass-through increased costs to our customers may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Weather related events could negatively impact our results of operations. Weather related events could adversely impact our business and the business of our customers, suppliers, and partners. Such events may have a physical impact on our facilities, inventory, suppliers, and equipment and any unplanned downtime at any of our facilities could result in unabsorbed costs that could negatively impact our results of operations for the period in which it experienced the downtime. Longer-term climate change patterns could alter future customer demand, impact supply chains and increase operating costs. However, any such changes are uncertain and we cannot predict the net impact from such events. We may not be able to compete successfully and our customers may not continue to purchase our products. We compete with multiple companies in each of our product lines on the basis of a number of considerations, including price, service, quality, product characteristics and the ability to supply products to customers in a timely manner. Additionally, consumer views on environmental considerations could potentially impact demand for our 

2 products that utilize fossil fuel based materials in their manufacturing. Our competitors may have financial and other resources that are substantially greater than ours and may be better able than us to withstand higher costs. Competition and product preference changes could result in our products losing market share or our having to reduce our prices, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, since we do not have long-term arrangements with many of our customers, these competitive factors could cause our customers to shift suppliers quickly. We may pursue and execute acquisitions or divestitures, which could adversely affect our business. As part of our growth strategy, we consider transactions that either complement or expand our existing business and create economic value. Transactions involve special risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or carving-out divested businesses, which may result in substantial costs, delays or other problems that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we may not realize all of the synergies we expect to achieve from our current strategic initiatives due to a variety of risks. If we are unable to achieve the benefits that we expect to achieve from our strategic initiatives, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of a catastrophic loss of one of our key manufacturing facilities, our business would be adversely affected. While we maintain insurance covering our facilities, including business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our key manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster, pandemic or otherwise, whether short or long-term, could result in future losses. Employee retention or labor cost inflation could disrupt our business. Our relations with employees under collective bargaining agreements remain satisfactory and there have been no significant work stoppages or other labor disputes during the past four years. However, we may not be able to maintain constructive relationships with labor unions or trade councils and may not be able to successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms in the future. Labor is subject to cost inflation, availability and workforce participation rates, all of which could be impacted by factors beyond our control. As a result, there can be no assurance we will be able to recruit, train, assimilate, motivate and retain employees in the future. The loss of a substantial number of these employees or a prolonged labor dispute could disrupt our business and result in future losses. We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, and increased cybersecurity threats, system inadequacies, and failures could disrupt our operations, compromise customer, employee, vendor and other data which could negatively affect our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of information technology systems and networks. These systems and networks are vulnerable to increased threats and more sophisticated computer crime, energy interruptions, telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions. We also maintain and have access to data and information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer controls. Despite our efforts to protect such information, breaches, misplaced or lost data and programming damages could result in a negative impact on the business. While we have not had material system interruptions historically associated with these risks, there can be no assurance from future interruptions that could result in future losses. Financial and Legal Risks Goodwill and other intangibles represent a significant amount of our net worth, and a future write-off could result in lower reported net income and a reduction of our net worth. 

3 We have a substantial amount of goodwill. Future changes in market multiples, cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other external factors, may adversely affect our business and cause our goodwill to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against results of operations to write off goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets for the amount of impairment. For example, in fiscal 2024 as a result of sustained lower market valuation multiples and lower operating performance as a result of continued market softness, we recorded a $171 million non-cash goodwill impairment in our Rest of World segment (see Note 1). If a future write-off is required, the charge could result in significant losses. Our international operations pose risks to our business that may not be present with our domestic operations. We are subject to foreign exchange rate risk, both transactional and translational, which may negatively affect our financial performance. Exchange rates between transactional currencies may change rapidly due to a variety of factors. Translational foreign exchange exposures result from exchange rate fluctuations in the conversion of entity functional currencies to U.S. dollars, our reporting currency, and may affect the reported value of our assets and liabilities and our income and expenses. In particular, our translational exposure may be impacted by movements in the exchange rate of the euro or the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar. Foreign operations are also subject to certain risks that are unique to doing business in foreign countries including shipping delays and supply chain challenges, disruption of energy, changes in applicable laws, including assessments of income and non-income related taxes, reduced protection of intellectual property, inability to readily repatriate cash to the U.S. effectively, and regulatory policies and various trade restrictions including potential changes to export taxes or countervailing and anti-dumping duties for exported products from these countries. Any of these risks could disrupt our business and result in significant losses. We are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws that generally bar bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. We have implemented safeguards, training and policies to discourage these practices by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards, training and policies to assure compliance and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. If employees violate our policies, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in sanctions including fines, debarment from export privileges and penalties and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Current and future environmental and other governmental requirements could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct our business. While we have not been required historically to make significant capital expenditures in order to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, we cannot predict our future capital expenditure requirements because of continually changing compliance standards and environmental technology. Furthermore, violations or contaminated sites that we do not know about (including contamination caused by prior owners and operators of such sites or newly discovered information) could result in additional compliance or remediation costs or other liabilities. In addition, federal, state, local, and foreign governments could enact laws or regulations concerning environmental matters, such as GHG emissions, that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for, packaging products. Additionally, several governmental bodies in jurisdictions where we operate have introduced, or are contemplating introducing, regulatory change to address the potential impacts of climate change and global warming, which may have adverse impacts on our operations or financial results. We believe that any such laws promulgated to date have not had a material adverse effect on us, as we have historically been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing our selling prices. However, there can be no assurance that future legislation or regulation would not have a material adverse effect on us. Changes in tax laws or changes in our geographic mix of earnings could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operation. We are subject to income and other taxes in the many jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws and regulations are complex and the determination of our global provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. We are subject to routine examinations of our income tax returns, and 

4 tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. Our future income taxes could also be negatively impacted by our mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate being different than anticipated given differences in statutory tax rates in the countries in which we operate. In addition, tax policy efforts to raise global corporate tax rates could adversely impact our tax rate and subsequent tax expense. We may not be successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, including our unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, or in avoiding claims that we infringed on the intellectual property rights of others. In addition to relying on patent and trademark rights, we rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and employ various methods, including confidentiality agreements with employees and consultants, customers and suppliers to protect our know-how and trade secrets. However, these methods and our patents and trademarks may not afford complete protection and there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop the know- how and trade secrets or develop better production methods than us. Further, we may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other parties from breaching agreements and misappropriating proprietary information and it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our information and proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that we will not be subject to claims asserting the infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties seeking damages, the payment of royalties or licensing fees and/or injunctions against the sale of our products. Any such litigation could be protracted and costly and could result in significant losses. We may be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, including product liability claims, that could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. In the ordinary course of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings, including product liability claims, which may lead to financial or reputational damages. See Note 5. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies. We may also be subject to inquiries, inspections, investigations, and proceedings by relevant regulatory and other governmental agencies. Given our global footprint, we are exposed to more uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment. The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain, and any such proceedings or claims, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to defend and could divert managements attention and resources. The possible outcomes of these proceedings could include adverse judgments, settlements, injunctions, fines, penalties, or other results adverse to us that could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation and result in significant losses. Even if we are successful in defending ourselves against these actions, the costs of such defense may be significant to us. Transaction Risk The Transactions may not be successful or achieve the anticipated financial and other benefits. Carefully consider the risks described in our most recent Registration Statement on Form 10 and subsequent filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those under the heading Risk Factors and other information contained in this report. Realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>magn-ex993toform8xkpostx.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.3
<TEXT>
magn-ex993toform8xkpostx

EXHIBIT 99.3 Item 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Combined Financial Statements represent the operations of Spinco and have been prepared on a carve-out basis which includes assumptions underlying the preparation that management believes are reasonable. However, the Combined Financial Statements included herein may not necessarily reflect the Spincos results of operations, financial position, and cash flows in the future or what they would have been had Spinco been an independent, stand-alone company during the periods presented. As a result, historical financial information is not necessarily indicative of Spincos future results of operations, financial position or cash flows. The following section is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information in this document, including the Combined Financial Statements and notes thereto. Reverse Morris Trust-Type Transaction On November 4, 2024, Treasure Holdco, Inc., Berry, Magnera, and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Magnera, completed the previously disclosed spinoff and merger transactions contemplated by the RMT Transaction Agreement and certain other agreements in connection with the Transactions. Outlook The Company is affected by general economic and industrial growth, raw material availability, cost inflation, supply chain disruptions, and general industrial production. Our business has both geographic and end market diversity, which reduces the effect of any one of these factors on our overall performance. Our results are affected by our ability to pass through raw material and other cost changes to our customers, improve manufacturing productivity and adapt to volume changes of our customers. Despite global macro-economic challenges in the short-term attributed to continued rising inflation, supply chain disruptions, currency devaluation and general market softness, we continue to believe our underlying long-term demand fundamental in all divisions will remain strong as we focus on delivering protective solutions that enhance consumer safety and by providing advantaged products in targeted markets. Discussion of Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 Business integration expenses consist of restructuring and impairment charges, divestiture related costs, and other business optimization costs. Tables present dollars in millions. Consolidated Overview Fiscal Year 2024 2023 $ Change % Change Net sales $ 2,187 $ 2,275 $ (88 ) (4 )% Operating income (loss) $ (141 ) $ 69 $ (210 ) (304 )% Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling prices of $67 million due to the pass through of lower resin prices and a 1% organic volume decline, partially offset by a $10 million favorable impact from foreign currency. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness. Operating income (loss): The change is primarily attributed to a $171 million goodwill impairment charge, a $30 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, a $6 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense and a $5 million unfavorable impact from volume declines, partially offset by a $7 million decrease in selling, general, administrative and corporate allocations. Americas Fiscal Year 2024 2023 $ Change % Change Net sales $ 1,493 $ 1,531 $ (38 ) (2 )% Operating income $ 51 $ 81 $ (30 ) (37 )% 

2 Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling prices of $9 million due to the pass through of lower resin prices and a 2% organic volume decline. The volume decline is primarily attributed to general market softness. Operating income (loss): The operating income decrease is primarily attributed to a $20 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, a $5 million unfavorable impact from the volume declines and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense. Rest of World Fiscal Year 2024 2023 $ Change % Change Net sales $ 694 $ 744 $ (50 ) (7 )% Operating income (loss) $ (192 ) $ (12 ) $ (180 ) 1,500 % Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling prices of $58 million due to the pass through of lower resin prices, partially offset by an $8 million favorable impact from foreign currency. Operating income (loss): The operating loss increase is primarily attributed to a $171 million goodwill impairment charge and a $10 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread partially offset by a decrease in selling, general, administrative and corporate allocations. Other expense, net Fiscal Year 2024 2023 $ Change % Change Other expense, net $ (9 ) $ (3 ) $ (6 ) 200 % The Other expense decrease is primarily attributed to foreign currency changes related to the remeasurement of non- operating intercompany balances. Comprehensive income (loss) Fiscal Year 2024 2023 $ Change % Change Comprehensive income (loss) $ (151 ) $ 104 $ (255 ) (245 )% The decrease is primarily attributed to a $63 million favorable change in currency translation and a $192 million decrease in net income. Currency translation changes are primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. The change in currency translation was primarily attributed to locations utilizing the euro, Brazilian real, and Chinese renminbi as their functional currency. Liquidity and Capital Resources We manage our global cash requirements considering (i) available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business, (ii) the geographic location of our liquidity needs, and (iii) the cost to access international cash balances. Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $65 million from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 primarily attributed to higher working capital levels. Cash Flows from Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities decreased $49 million from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 primarily due to the settlement of short term marketable securities and lower capital investments. Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

3 Net cash used in financing activities improved $101 million from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 primarily attributed to lower net transfers to Parent. Free Cash Flow We define "free cash flow" as cash flow from operating activities less net additions to property, plant and equipment. Based on our definition, our combined free cash flow is summarized as follows: Fiscal years ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 October 01, 2022 Cash flow from operating activities $ 192 $ 257 324 Additions to property, plant and equipment, net (68 ) (88 ) (104 ) Free cash flow $ 124 $ 169 220 We use free cash flow as a supplemental measure of liquidity as it assists us in assessing our ability to fund growth through generation of cash. Free cash flow may be calculated differently by other companies, including other companies in our industry or peer group, limiting its usefulness. Free cash flow is not a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. Liquidity Outlook At the end of fiscal 2024, our cash balance was $230 million, all of which was located outside the U.S. We believe our existing and future U.S. based cash and cash flow from U.S. operations will be adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity needs. The Company has the ability to repatriate the cash located outside the U.S. to the extent not needed to meet operational and capital needs without significant restrictions. Our unremitted foreign earnings were $374 billion at the end of fiscal 2024. The computation of the deferred tax liability associated with unremitted earnings is not practicable. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We disclose those accounting policies that we consider to be significant in determining the amounts to be utilized for communicating our combined financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the first note to our combined financial statements included elsewhere herein. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our combined financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Goodwill. We complete a quantitative test to evaluate impairment of goodwill in order to determine if the carrying value of any reporting unit exceeded its fair value. This is completed on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter. We utilize a discounted cash flow analysis (income approach) in combination with a comparative company market approach to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. Using the quantitative approach, the Company makes various estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of each reporting unit. Management judgment is involved in estimating these variables, and they include uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. Assumptions inherent in the valuation methodologies include estimates of future projected business results, long- term growth rates, and the weighted-average cost of capital. Significant assumptions utilized in the impairment analysis included the weighted-average cost of capital, ranging between 10.5% and 11.0%, and terminal growth rate of 2.5% for each reporting unit, see Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. After the completion of the quantitative test we recognized a goodwill impairment of $171 million in the Rest of World segment stemming from sustained lower market valuation multiples and lower operating performance as a 

4 result of continued market softness. Future declines in our peer company and our market capitalizations and total enterprise value along with lower valuation market multiples or significant declines in operating performance could impact future impairment tests or may require a more frequent assessment. The Company's fair value and carrying value of our reporting units are as follows: Fair Value July 1, 2024 Carrying Value July 1, 2024 Cushion July 1, 2024 Americas $ 1,770 $ 1,613 $ 157 Rest of World 610 781 (171 ) Deferred Taxes and Effective Tax Rates. We estimate the effective tax rate (ETR) and associated liabilities or assets for each of our legal entities in accordance with authoritative guidance. We utilize tax planning to minimize or defer tax liabilities to future periods. In recording ETRs and related liabilities and assets, we rely upon estimates, which are based upon our interpretation of U.S. and local tax laws as they apply to our legal entities and our overall tax structure. Audits by local tax jurisdictions, including the U.S. Government, could yield different interpretations from our own and cause the Company to owe more taxes than originally recorded. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 5. Income Taxes.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.4
<TEXT>
magn-ex994toform8xkpostx

EXHIBIT 99.4 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Management and the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying combined balance sheets of Spinco (the Company) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related combined statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in parent invested equity for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the combined financial statements). In our opinion, the combined financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the combined financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

2 Valuation of Goodwill Description of the Matter At September 28, 2024, the Company's goodwill was $624 million. As discussed in Note 1 to the combined financial statements, goodwill is evaluated for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the goodwill might be impaired. The Company performed its quantitative goodwill impairment test at July 1, 2024, which resulted in a $171 million pre-tax impairment charge. Auditing management's annual goodwill impairment test was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as changes in the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rates, EBITDA margin, and the terminal growth rate, which are affected by economic and company-specific qualitative factors. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the fair value of the Company's reporting units, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical results, industry and economic trends, and assumptions used in other estimates. We assessed the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. In performing our testing, we utilized our valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the reasonableness of the Company's significant assumptions. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as the Companys auditor since 2024. Indianapolis, Indiana December 23, 2024 

3 Spinco Combined Statements of Operations (in millions of dollars) Fiscal years ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 October 01, 2022 Net sales $ 2,187 $ 2,275 $ 2,803 Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold 1,950 1,995 2,425 Selling, general and administrative 107 110 120 Amortization of intangibles 48 51 53 Goodwill and other impairment 172 - - Restructuring and other activities 30 24 9 Corporate expense allocation 21 26 24 Operating income (loss) (141 ) 69 172 Other (income) expense (9 ) (3 ) 16 Interest expense 3 - 4 Income (loss) before income taxes (135 ) 72 152 Income tax expense 19 34 33 Net income (loss) $ (154 ) $ 38 $ 119 Spinco Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in millions of dollars) Fiscal years ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 October 01, 2022 Net income (loss) $ (154 ) $ 38 $ 119 Currency translation 3 66 (75 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 3 66 (75 ) Comprehensive income (loss) $ (151 ) $ 104 $ 44 See notes to combined financial statements. 

4 Spinco Combined Balance Sheets (in millions of dollars) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 230 $ 185 Short term investments - 29 Accounts receivable, net 359 330 Inventories, net 259 243 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 38 46 Total current assets 886 833 Property, plant and equipment, net 949 998 Goodwill and intangible assets, net 850 1,069 Right-of-use assets 49 52 Other assets 73 75 Total assets $ 2,807 $ 3,027 Liabilities and Parent Invested Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 295 $ 265 Accrued expenses 162 139 Current portion of long-term debt - 2 Total current liabilities 457 406 Deferred income taxes 78 83 Operating lease liabilities 39 41 Other long-term liabilities 94 107 Total liabilities 668 637 Commitments and Contingencies Parent invested equity: Parent investment in Spinco 2,307 2,561 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (168 ) (171 ) Total parent invested equity 2,139 2,390 Total liabilities and parent invested equity $ 2,807 $ 3,027 See notes to combined financial statements. 

5 Spinco Combined Statements of Cash Flows (in millions of dollars) Fiscal years ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 October 1, 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) $ (154 ) $ 38 $ 119 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation 127 118 115 Amortization of intangibles 48 51 53 Non-cash interest expense 5 5 4 Goodwill and other impairment 172 - - Share-based compensation expense 7 7 7 Deferred income tax (9 ) (9 ) (7 ) Other non-cash operating activities, net (3 ) (10 ) 13 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net (27 ) 63 29 Inventories, net (16 ) 49 22 Prepaid expenses and other assets 2 - (6 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities 40 (55 ) (25 ) Net cash from operating activities 192 257 324 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment, net (72 ) (88 ) (104 ) Proceeds from sale of assets 4 - - Other investing activities 29 - - Net cash from investing activities (39 ) (88 ) (104 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repayment of long-term borrowings (2 ) (4 ) (4 ) Net transfers to Parent (107 ) (206 ) (212 ) Net cash from financing activities (109 ) (210 ) (216 ) Effect of currency translation on cash 1 13 (9 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 45 (28 ) (5 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 185 213 218 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 230 185 213 See notes to combined financial statements. 

6 Spinco Combined Statements of Changes in Parent Invested Equity (in millions of dollars) Parent Investment in Spinco Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Balance at October 2, 2021 $ 2,810 $ (162 ) $ 2,648 Net income 119 - 119 Other comprehensive income (loss) - (75 ) (75 ) Transfers to Parent, net (205 ) - (205 ) Balance at October 2, 2022 $ 2,724 $ (237 ) $ 2,487 Net income 38 - 38 Other comprehensive income (loss) - 66 66 Transfers to Parent, net (201 ) - (201 ) Balance at September 30, 2023 $ 2,561 $ (171 ) $ 2,390 Net loss (154 ) - (154 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - 3 3 Transfers to Parent, net (100 ) - (100 ) Balance at September 28, 2024 $ 2,307 $ (168 ) $ 2,139 See notes to combined financial statements. 

7 Spinco Notes to Combined Financial Statements Fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted) 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Berrys Health, Hygiene and Specialties Global Nonwovens and Films business (Spinco or the Company) is a leading global supplier of a broad range of innovative non-woven and related products that services global markets. We sell our products predominantly into stable, consumer-oriented end markets, such as healthcare, personal care and infection prevention. Our customers consist of a mix of leading global, national, and mid-sized regional businesses. For the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 (fiscal 2024), our top customer represented approximately 12% of net sales and our top ten customers represented approximately 43% of net sales. We believe our manufacturing processes, manufacturing footprint and our ability to leverage our scale to reduce costs, positions us as a low-cost manufacturer relative to our competitors. Basis of Presentation and Related Party Transactions The combined financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis derived from the financial statements and accounting records of Berry. Combined financial statements reflect the historical results of operations, financial position and cash flows of Spinco as it was historically managed and adjusted to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). These combined financial statements are presented as if Spinco had operated on a stand-alone basis for fiscal periods ending September 28,2024 ("fiscal 2024"), September 30, 2023 (fiscal 2023), and October 1, 2022 (fiscal 2022). Spinco is primarily comprised of a combination of various subsidiary companies of Berry in certain jurisdictions and separate legal entities. Significant intercompany balances with Berry that are outside the transaction perimeter have been eliminated. The assets and liabilities in the combined financial statements are wholly owned by Berry. As a result, the combined financial statements included herein may not necessarily be indicative of Spincos financial position, results of operations, or cash flows had it operated as a stand-alone entity during the periods presented, nor are they indicative of the financial position or results of operations going forward. All significant transactions between Spinco and Berry have been included in the combined financial statements and are considered to be effectively settled for cash at the time the transaction is recorded. The total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions is reflected in the combined statement of cash flows as a financing activity and in the combined balance sheets as parent invested equity. In the combined statements of changes in parent invested equity, the Transfers to Parent, net is the net of a variety of intercompany transactions including collection of trade receivables, payment of trade payables and accrued liabilities, settlement of charges for various allocated Berry expenses, and payment of taxes on Spincos behalf. The combined financial statements reflect the assets, liabilities and operations of the Spinco business. The Combined Financial Statements also include the recognition of certain assets and liabilities that have historically been recorded at the Berry corporate level but which are specifically identifiable or otherwise attributable to Spinco. Spinco utilizes centralized functions of Berry to support its operations, particularly in the U.S. Such expenses represent costs related, but not limited to, treasury, legal, accounting, insurance, information technology, human resources, and other services. These costs are included within the Corporate expense allocation caption in the Combined Statements of Income. Where it is possible to specifically attribute such expenses to activities of Spinco, these amounts have been charged or credited directly to Spinco without allocation or apportionment. Allocation of all other such expenses is based on a reasonable reflection of the utilization of service provided or benefits received by Spinco during the periods presented on a consistent basis, such as earnings metrics and sales. Spinco management believes the assumptions underlying the combined financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocated expenses, reasonably reflect the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by Spinco during the periods presented. However, these shared expenses may not represent the amounts that would have been incurred had Spinco operated autonomously or independently from Berry. Actual costs that would have been incurred if Spinco had been a stand-alone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure. (See Note 6. Corporate Expense Allocation) 

8 Berry uses a centralized approach to cash management, particularly in the U.S. Accordingly, U.S. cash and cash equivalents are held by Berry at the corporate level and were not attributed to Spinco for any of the periods presented. Cash and cash equivalents in the combined financial statements relate to foreign entities. Transfers of cash, both to and from Berrys centralized cash management system, are reflected as a component of Parent investment in Spinco on the combined balance sheets and as a financing activity within the accompanying combined statement of cash flows. Intercompany transactions between the Company and Parent have been included in these combined financial statements and are forgiven at the time the transaction is recorded. Debt obligations of Berry have not been included in the combined financial statements of Spinco, because Spinco is not a party to the obligation between Berry and the debt holders. The income tax provision in the combined statements of income has been calculated as if Spinco was operating on a stand-alone basis and filed separate tax returns in the jurisdiction in which it operates. Spincos operations have historically been included in the Berry U.S. federal and state tax returns or non-U.S. jurisdictions tax returns. Berrys global tax model has been developed based on its entire portfolio of businesses. Therefore, cash tax payments and items of current and deferred taxes may not be reflective of Spincos actual tax balances prior to or subsequent to Spinco operating as a stand-alone company. Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied, in an amount reflecting the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled. We consider the promise to transfer products to be our sole performance obligation. Generally, our revenue is recognized for standard promised goods at the time of shipment, when title and risk of loss pass to the customer. The Company disaggregates revenue based on geography. See Note 8 Segment and Geographic Data. Accounts receivable are presented net of allowance for credit losses of $7 million and $6 million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company records its current expected credit losses based on a variety of factors including historical loss experience and current customer financial condition. The changes to our current expected credit losses, write-off activity, and recoveries were not material for any of the periods presented. The Parent has entered into various factoring agreements, including customer-based supply chain financing programs, to sell certain receivables to third-party financial institutions. Agreements which result in true sales of the transferred receivables, which occur when receivables are transferred without recourse to the Parent, are reflected as a reduction of trade accounts receivable, net on the combined balance sheets and the proceeds are included in the cash flows from operating activities in the combined statements of cash flows. Research and Development Research and development costs are expensed when incurred. The Company incurred research and development expenditures of $13 million, $15 million, and $16 million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which are included in Selling, general and administrative in the combined statements of income. Share-Based Compensation Spinco employees have historically participated in Berrys stock incentive plans for key employees and directors, primarily in the form of options and restricted stock units. Equity-based compensation expense has been either directly reported by or allocated to Spinco based on the awards and terms previously granted to Berrys employees. These costs were primarily included within the Selling, general and administrative caption of the Combined Statements of Income. Compensation expense for stock incentive plans is generally based on the grant-date fair value over the appropriate vesting period. The fair value for options granted has been estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes model. The fair value of RSU's is based upon the fair value of the shares at the grant date. Foreign Currency 

9 For the non-U.S. subsidiaries that account in a functional currency other than U.S. dollars, assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. Sales and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during the period. Foreign currency translation gains and losses are included as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss within Parent Invested Equity in the combined balance sheets. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in Other (income) expense in the combined statements of income. Cash and Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less from the time of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are valued using the first-in, first-out method. Management periodically reviews inventory balances, using recent and future expected sales to identify slow- moving and/or obsolete items. The cost of spare parts with an expected useful life of less than 5 years is charged to cost of goods sold when purchased. We evaluate our reserve for inventory obsolescence on a quarterly basis and review inventory on-hand to determine future salability. We base our determinations on the age of the inventory and the experience of our personnel. We reserve inventory that we deem to be not salable in the quarter in which we make the determination. We believe, based on past history and our policies and procedures, that our net inventory is salable. Inventory, including reserves of $15 million as of both fiscal 2024 and 2023 was: Inventories: 2024 2023 Finished goods $ 156 $ 145 Raw materials 103 98 $ 259 $ 243 Property, Plant and Equipment and Long-lived Assets Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed primarily by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from 15 to 40 years for buildings and improvements, 2 to 20 years for machinery, equipment, and tooling, and over the term of the agreement for capital leases. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the lease term. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. Property, plant and equipment as of fiscal 2024 and 2023 was: Property, plant and equipment: 2024 2023 Land, buildings and improvements $ 376 $ 383 Equipment and construction in progress 1,543 1,474 1,919 1,857 Less accumulated depreciation (970 ) (859 ) $ 949 $ 998 Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and definite lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Specifically, this process involves comparing an assets carrying value to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows the asset is expected to generate over its remaining life. If this process were to result in the conclusion that the carrying value of a long-lived asset would not be recoverable, a write-down of the asset to fair value would be recorded through a charge to operations. No impairments were recorded in the periods presented. Goodwill The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: 

10 Americas Rest of World Total Balance as of fiscal 2022 $ 584 $ 198 $ 782 Foreign currency translation adjustment 5 7 12 Balance as of fiscal 2023 $ 589 $ 205 $ 794 Goodwill impairment - (171 ) (171 ) Foreign currency translation adjustment (4 ) 5 1 Balance as of fiscal 2024 $ 585 $ 39 $ 624 As part of the carve-out process for fiscal 2024, the Company completed a quantitative test to evaluate impairment of goodwill in order to determine if the carrying value of any reporting unit exceeded its fair value. This was completed on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal 2024. The fair value for each reporting unit is estimated based on a combination of a comparative company market approach and a discounted cash flow analysis (income approach). Our forecasts included a terminal growth rate of 2.5%, modest margin expansion attributed to capital investments and normalization of energy inflation, and discount rates ranging from 10.5% to 11.5% being applied to the forecasted cash flows. Using the quantitative approach, the Company makes various estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of discounted cash flow models and valuations based on earnings multiples for the Companys public peer group. Discounted cash flow models are reliant on various assumptions, including projected business results, long-term growth factors and weighted-average cost of capital. Management judgment is involved in estimating these variables, and they include uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. As a result of our annual impairment evaluations the Company recognized a goodwill impairment of $171 million in the Rest of World segment due to the sustained impact of general market softness, macro-economic conditions and continued lower market valuation multiples. Additionally, future declines in valuation market multiples, sustained lower earnings, or macroeconomic challenges could impact future impairment tests. Intangible Assets Customer Relationships Trademarks Other Intangibles Total Balance as of fiscal 2022 (a) $ 255 $ 27 $ 42 $ 324 Foreign currency translation adjustment 1 - 1 2 Amortization expense (44 ) - (7 ) (51 ) Balance as of fiscal 2023 $ 212 $ 27 $ 36 $ 275 Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - - Amortization expense (41 ) - (7 ) (48 ) Impairment - - (1 ) (1 ) Balance as of fiscal 2024 $ 171 $ 27 $ 28 $ 226 (a) Net of Amortization of: $354 million Customer relationships, $3million Trademarks, $41 million Other Intangibles Customer relationships are being amortized using an accelerated amortization method which corresponds with the customer attrition rates used in the initial valuation of the intangibles over the estimated life of the relationships which range from 10 to 15 years. The Company has trademarks that total $26 million that are indefinite lived and we test annually for impairment on the first day of the fourth quarter. Definite lived trademarks are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets which are not more than 15 years. Other intangibles, which include technology and licenses, are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets which range from 8 to 20 years. We completed the annual impairment test of our indefinite lived trademarks utilizing the qualitative method in 2024, 2023 and 2022 and noted no impairment. Future amortization expense for definite lived intangibles as of fiscal 2024 for the next five fiscal years is $45 million, $40 million, $38 million, $29 million, and $23 million each year for fiscal years ending 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, and 2029, respectively. Leases 

11 The Company leases certain manufacturing facilities, warehouses, office space, manufacturing equipment, office equipment, and automobiles. We recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with original lease terms greater than one year based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term using our incremental borrowing rate on a collateralized basis. Short-term leases, with original lease terms of less than one year, are not recognized on the combined balance sheet. We are party to certain leases, namely for manufacturing facilities, which offer renewal options to extend the original lease term. Renewal options are included in the right-of-use asset and lease liability based on our assessment of the probability that the options will be exercised. See note 3. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies. At September 28, 2024, annual lease commitments were as follows: Fiscal Year Operating Leases Finance Leases 2025 $ 12 $ - 2026 11 - 2027 9 - 2028 7 - 2029 5 - Thereafter 12 - Total lease payments 56 - Less: Interest (6 ) - Present value of lease liabilities $ 50 $ - Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequence of events that have been recognized in the Companys combined financial statements or income tax returns. Income taxes are recognized during the period in which the underlying transactions are recorded. Deferred taxes, with the exception of non-deductible goodwill, are provided for temporary differences between amounts of assets and liabilities as recorded for financial reporting purposes and such amounts as measured by tax laws. If the Company determines that a deferred tax asset arising from temporary differences is not likely to be utilized, the Company will establish a valuation allowance against that asset to record it at its expected realizable value. The Company recognizes uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by relevant taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Companys effective tax rate is dependent on many factors including: the impact of enacted tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Company operates; the amount of earnings by jurisdiction, due to varying tax rates in each country; and the Companys ability to utilize foreign tax credits related to foreign taxes paid on foreign earnings that will be remitted to the U.S. Spinco income taxes as presented are calculated on a separate return basis, although Spincos operations have historically been included in Berrys U.S. federal and state tax returns or non-U.S. jurisdictions tax returns. As Spinco has operations in many jurisdictions are unincorporated commercial units of Berry and its subsidiaries, stand-alone tax returns have not been filed for the operations in these jurisdictions. Accordingly, Spincos tax results as presented are not necessarily reflective of the results that Spinco would have generated on a stand-alone basis. Spincos combined balance sheets reflect assumptions regarding the expected manner of the spin-off of the Company that would result in Berry retaining certain tax attributes in a number of jurisdictions. As a result, the tax attributes that Berry would retain in these jurisdictions have been eliminated from the Spinco combined balance sheets. The income tax expense of these items has been reflected in the combined statements of income, with a corresponding offset to Parent investment in Spinco. See Note 5. Income Taxes Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

12 Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) includes net unrealized gains or losses resulting from currency translations of foreign subsidiaries. The accumulated balances related to each component of other comprehensive income (loss), before reclassifications were as follows: Currency Translation Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance as of fiscal 2021 $ (162 ) $ (162 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) (75 ) (75 ) Balance as of fiscal 2022 $ (237 ) $ (237 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 66 66 Balance as of fiscal 2023 $ (171 ) $ (171 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 3 3 Balance as of fiscal 2024 $ (168 ) $ (168 ) Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make extensive use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of sales and expenses. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Changes in estimates are recorded in results of operations in the period that the event or circumstances giving rise to such changes occur. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No.2023-07 "Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reporting Segment Disclosures." The ASU was issued to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within segment profit and loss. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with earl adoption permitted, and applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU No.2023-09 "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures." The ASU was issued to improve transparency and disclosure requirements for the rate recognition, income taxes paid and other tax disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2023-09 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted, and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 2. Fair Value Measurements Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements The Company has certain assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when impairment indicators are present or when the Company completes an acquisition. The Company adjusts certain long-lived assets to fair value only when the carrying values exceed the fair values. The categorization of the framework used to value the assets is considered Level 3, due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value. Included in the following tables are the major categories of assets and their current carrying values, along with the impairment loss recognized on the fair value measurement for the fiscal years then ended: 

13 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Impairment Indefinite lived trademarks $ - $ - $ 26 $ 26 $ - Goodwill - - 624 624 (171 ) Definite lived intangible assets - - 200 200 (1 ) Property, plant and equipment - - 949 949 - Total $ - $ - $ 1,799 $ 1,799 $ (172 ) 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Impairment Indefinite lived trademarks $ - $ - $ 26 $ 26 $ - Goodwill - - 794 794 - Definite lived intangible assets - - 249 249 - Property, plant and equipment - - 998 998 - Total $ - $ - $ 2,067 $ 2,067 $ - Recurring Fair Value Measurements The Company held short term investments in Argentina which are remeasured at fair value based on level 2 inputs. As of fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023, the investment balance was $0 and $29 million, respectively. At September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the value of the Company's virtual power purchase agreement in Spain was $8 million and $12 million, respectively, and is recorded in Other Assets. Changes in the fair value of the asset are recorded in Cost of goods sold. The categorization of the framework used to value the assets is considered Level 3, based on the use of various unobservable inputs in the forward energy prices, fixed contractual price, and the risk-free rate. 3. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies The Company has various purchase commitments for raw materials, supplies and property and equipment incidental to the ordinary conduct of business. Leases Supplemental lease information is as follows: Leases Classification 2024 2023 Operating leases: Operating lease right-of-use assets Right-of-use asset $ 49 $ 52 Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses 11 11 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Operating lease liability 39 41 Finance leases: Finance lease right-of-use assets Property, plant, and equipment, net $ 6 $ 9 Current finance lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt - 2 Lease Type Cash Flow Classification Lease Expense Category 2024 2023 Operating leases Operating cash flows Lease cost $ 15 $ 12 Finance leases Operating cash flows Interest expense - - Finance leases Financing cash flows - 9 4 Finance leases - Amortization of right-of-use assets 3 3 

14 2024 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 6.5 years 4 years Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases 0 years 1 years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 3.5 % 3.1 % Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 4.5 % 4.5 % Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities were $8 million for fiscal 2024. Litigation The Company is party to various legal proceedings involving routine claims which are incidental to its business. Although the Companys legal and financial liability with respect to such proceedings cannot be estimated with certainty, the Company believes that any ultimate liability would not be material to its combined financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Tax Claims As part of a previous acquisition, the Company acquired a liability related to certain tax claims treated as a deferred purchase price (the Deferred Consideration). The Deferred Consideration accretes at a rate of 9.5% per annum compounded daily, which shall be paid to the selling stockholders of the previous acquisition to the extent certain existing and potential tax claims are resolved. At September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the outstanding balance of the Deferred Consideration was $53 million and $52 million, respectively. If the Company incurs actual tax liability with respect to the tax claims, the amount of the Deferred Consideration owed to the selling stockholders will be reduced by the amount of such actual tax liability. The Company will be responsible for any actual tax liability in excess of the Deferred Consideration. The Deferred Consideration is reflected on the combined balance sheets in Other long-term liabilities as the settlement of existing and potential claims is expected to be greater than one year. 4. Accrued Expenses The following table sets forth the totals included in Accrued expenses as of fiscal year end. 2024 2023 Employee compensation, payroll, and other $ 47 $ 44 Accrued taxes 61 44 Operating lease liabilities 11 11 Other 43 40 $ 162 $ 139 5. Income Taxes The Company is being taxed at the U.S. corporate level as a C-Corporation and has provided U.S. Federal, State and foreign income taxes. Significant components of income tax expense for the fiscal years ended are as follows: 

15 2024 2023 2022 Current U.S. Federal $ 8 $ 12 $ 4 State 1 1 1 Non-U.S. 19 30 35 Total current 28 43 40 Deferred: U.S. Federal (4 ) (5 ) (1 ) State (1 ) (2 ) (1 ) Non-U.S. (4 ) (2 ) (5 ) Total deferred (9 ) (9 ) (7 ) Expense for income taxes $ 19 $ 34 $ 33 U.S. income before income taxes was $18 million, $15 million, and $30 million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Non-U.S. income before income taxes was $(153) million, $57 million, and $122 million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The Company paid cash taxes of $9 million, $29 million, and $52 million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The reconciliation between U.S. Federal income tax expense at the statutory rate and the Companys expense for income taxes for fiscal years ended are as follows: 2024 2023 2022 U.S. Federal income tax expense at the statutory rate $ (28 ) $ 15 $ 32 Adjustments to reconcile to the income tax provision: U.S. state income tax expense - - 1 Federal and state credits (1 ) (1 ) (1 ) Share-based compensation - - (1 ) Withholding taxes 2 6 2 Changes in foreign valuation allowance 11 5 2 Foreign income taxed in the U.S. - 1 2 Rate differences between U.S. and foreign - 3 9 Brazil provision to return - - 3 Foreign intercompany write off - - 3 Foreign restructuring benefit - - (8 ) Brazil ICMS rate reduction (6 ) (2 ) (3 ) Uncertain tax positions (5 ) 2 (12 ) Goodwill impairment 44 - - Other 2 5 4 Expense for income taxes $ 19 $ 34 $ 33 Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and tax purposes. The components of the net deferred income tax liability as of fiscal years ended are as follows: 

16 2024 2023 Deferred tax assets: Accrued liabilities and reserves $ 7 $ 6 Inventories 3 5 Net operating loss carryforward 103 108 Lease liability 12 9 Foreign tax credit carryforward 19 15 Capitalization research and development expenditures 9 6 Other 3 - Total deferred tax assets 156 149 Valuation allowance (36 ) (23 ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 120 126 Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment 68 75 Intangible assets 50 59 Leased asset 12 9 Other 11 12 Total deferred tax liabilities 141 155 Net deferred tax liability $ (21 ) $ (29 ) The Company had $57 million and $54 million of net deferred tax assets recorded in Other assets, and $78 million and $83 million of net deferred tax liabilities recorded in Deferred income taxes on the Combined Balance Sheets as of the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, the Company has recorded deferred tax assets related to federal, state, and foreign net operating losses, interest expense, and tax credits. These attributes are spread across multiple jurisdictions and generally have expiration periods beginning in 2024 while a portion remains available indefinitely. Each attribute has been assessed for realization and a valuation allowance is recorded against the deferred tax assets to bring the net amount recorded to the amount more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets was $36 million and $23 million as of the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the foreign and U.S. federal and state operations. The Company is permanently reinvested except to the extent the foreign earnings are previously taxed or to the extent that we have sufficient basis in our non-U.S. subsidiaries to repatriate earnings on an income tax free basis. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for fiscal years ended: 2024 2023 Beginning unrecognized tax benefits $ 17 $ 16 Gross increases - tax positions in prior periods 2 - Gross increases - current period tax positions - 1 Settlements (1 ) - Lapse of statute of limitations (6 ) - Ending unrecognized tax benefits $ 12 $ 17 As of fiscal year end 2024, the amount of unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate was $12 million and we had $4 million accrued for payment of interest and penalties related to our uncertain tax positions. Our penalties and interest related to uncertain tax positions are included in income tax expense. As a result of global operations, we file income tax returns in the U.S. federal, various state and local, and foreign jurisdictions and are routinely subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world. Excluding potential adjustments to net operating losses, the U.S. federal and state income tax returns are no longer subject to income tax 

17 assessments for years before 2020. With few exceptions, the major foreign jurisdictions are no longer subject to income tax assessments for years before 2017. 6. Corporate Expense Allocation Based on management estimates, $21 million, $26 million, $24 million, of general corporate expenses including information technology, accounting, legal, human resources, and other services were allocated to Spinco during the fiscal years ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022, respectively. Management estimates corporate costs on a standalone basis would have been approximately $17 million to $22 million per year. 7. Restructuring and Other Activities The Company has announced various restructuring plans in the last three fiscal years which included cost savings initiatives, consolidating and rationalizing facilities. In all instances, the majority of the operations from rationalized facilities was transferred to other facilities within the respective reportable segment. During fiscal 2022, 2023, and 2024, the Company did not shut down any facilities with significant net sales. The table below sets forth the significant components of the restructuring transaction and other activities, including supply chain financings activity charges recognized for the fiscal years ended, by reportable segment: 2024 2023 2022 Americas $ 14 $ 17 $ 5 Rest of World 16 7 4 Consolidated $ 30 $ 24 $ 9 The table below sets forth the activity with respect to the restructuring charges and the impact on our accrued restructuring reserves: Restructuring Employee Severance and Benefits Facility Exit Costs Non-cash Impairment Charges Other Activities Total Balance as of fiscal 2021 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - Charges 1 - - 8 9 Cash (1 ) - - (4 ) (5 ) Balance as of fiscal 2022 $ - $ - $ - $ 4 $ 4 Charges 10 1 - 13 24 Cash (10 ) (1 ) - (17 ) (28 ) Balance as of fiscal 2023 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - Charges 13 3 3 11 30 Non-cash asset impairment - - (3 ) - (3 ) Cash (5 ) (3 ) - (11 ) (19 ) Balance as of fiscal 2024 $ 8 $ - $ - $ - $ 8 Since 2022, cumulative costs attributed to restructuring programs total $31 million. 8. Segment and Geographic Data Spincos operations are organized into two reportable segments: Americas and Rest of World. The structure is designed to align us with our customers, provide improved service, and drive future growth in a cost-efficient manner. 

18 Selected information by reportable segment is presented in the following tables: 2024 2023 2022 Net sales Americas $ 1,493 $ 1,531 $ 1,909 Rest of World 694 744 894 Total $ 2,187 $ 2,275 $ 2,803 Operating income (loss) Americas $ 51 $ 81 $ 152 Rest of World (192 ) (12 ) 20 Total $ (141 ) $ 69 $ 172 Depreciation and amortization Americas $ 123 $ 119 $ 121 Rest of World 52 50 47 Total $ 175 $ 169 $ 168 2024 2023 Total assets: Americas $ 2,028 $ 2,037 Rest of World 779 990 Total assets $ 2,807 $ 3,027 2024 2023 Long-lived assets: Americas $ 1,460 $ 1,617 Rest of World 461 577 Total long-lived assets $ 1,921 $ 2,194 Selected information by geographical region is presented in the following tables: 2024 2023 2022 Net sales: United States and Canada $ 991 $ 998 $ 1,190 Latin America 502 533 719 Rest of world 694 744 894 Total net sales $ 2,187 $ 2,275 $ 2,803 Selected information by product line is presented in the following tables: (in percentages) 2024 Net sales: Personal Care 49 % Consumer Solutions 51 Total Net Sales 100 % 9. Subsequent Events On November 4, 2024, Treasure Holdco, Inc. (then a wholly owned subsidiary of Berry), Berry, Magnera, and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Magnera completed the previously disclosed spinoff and merger transactions 

19 contemplated by the RMT Transaction Agreement. As part of the Transactions, Treasure Holdco, Inc. entered into a $785 million term loan due 2031, an $800 million 7.25% senior secured notes due 2031 and a $350 million revolving credit facility.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>magn-20241104.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>magn-20241104_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>magn-20241104_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>magn-ex231toform8xkmagne001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>magn-ex992toform8xkpostx001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>magn-ex992toform8xkpostx002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>magn-ex992toform8xkpostx003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>magn-ex992toform8xkpostx004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>magn-ex993toform8xkpostx001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>magn-ex993toform8xkpostx002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>magn-ex993toform8xkpostx003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>magn-ex993toform8xkpostx004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>magn-ex994toform8xkpostx019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover Page

Nov. 04, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Document Period End Date Nov. 04, 2024

Entity Registrant Name Magnera Corporation

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code PA

Entity File Number 001-03560

Entity Tax Identification Number 23-0628360

Entity Address, Address Line One 9335 Harris Corners Pkwy

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste 300

Entity Address, City or Town Charlotte

Entity Address, State or Province NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 28269

City Area Code 866

Local Phone Number 744-7380

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock

Trading Symbol MAGN

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0000041719

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.magn.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

magn-20241104.htm 
magn-20241104.xsd 
magn-20241104_lab.xml 
magn-20241104_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>0000041719-25-000009-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>magn-20241104_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000041719 

2024-11-04 
2024-11-04 

0000041719 
false 
8-K/A 
2024-11-04 
Magnera Corporation 
PA 
001-03560 
23-0628360 
9335 Harris Corners Pkwy 
Ste 300 
Charlotte 
NC 
28269 
866 
744-7380 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
MAGN 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>