<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000929638-25-000670.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0000929638-25-000670.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250212162013
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000929638-25-000670
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250212
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001136586
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001541188
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250212
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BMW FS SECURITIES LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001136586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-56802
		FILM NUMBER:		25615117

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CHESTNUT RIDGE RD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2013074000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CHESTNUT RIDGE RD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002049336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-262471-04
		FILM NUMBER:		25615118

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CHESTNUT RIDGE RD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2013074000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 CHESTNUT RIDGE RD
		CITY:			WOODCLIFF LAKE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07677
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO

SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 12, 2025

BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A

(Exact name of issuing entity as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key number: 0002049336

BMW FS Securities LLC

(Exact name of depositor/registrant as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key number: 0001136586

BMW Financial Services NA, LLC

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter)

Central Index Key number: 0001541188

Delaware 

333-262471

333-262471-04 

22-2013053

33-6650156

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number of registrant and issuing entity, respectively) 

(Registrants and issuing entitys IRS Employer

Identification No., respectively)

200 BMW Drive, Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 

07677

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (201) 307-4000

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Not applicable 

Not applicable 

Not applicable

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP has been retained by the Registrant as counsel for its Registration Statement on Form SF-3 (Commission
File No. 333-262471) in connection with various transactions. Legal opinions by Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP and Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. to be incorporated into the Registration Statement are attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1, Exhibit
5.2 and Exhibit 8.1.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) 

Not applicable.

(b) 

Not applicable.

(c) 

Not applicable.

(d) 

Exhibits:

5.1 

Opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP as
to legality (including consent of such firm).

5.2 

Opinion of Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.
with respect to due authorization, enforceability and legality (including consent of such firm).

8.1 

Opinion of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP as
to certain tax matters (including consent of such firm).

23.1 

Consent of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1 and Exhibit 8.1).

23.2 

Consent of Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. (included in Exhibit 5.2).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

BMW FS SECURITIES LLC

By: BMW Financial Services NA, LLC,

as Managing Member

By: /s/ Ole Jensen 

Name: Ole Jensen

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance

By: /s/ Helena von Gladiss

Name: Helena von Gladiss

Title: Treasurer

Dated: February 12, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP AS TO LEGALITY (INCLUDING CONSENT OF SUCH FIRM)
<TEXT>
Exhibits 5.1 and 23.1

[LETTERHEAD OF MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP]

February 12, 2025

BMW FS Securities LLC

200 BMW Drive

Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677

Re:BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special counsel to BMW FS Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Depositor), in connection with the
sale by the Depositor and the purchase by the Underwriters (as defined below) of $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.401% Asset Backed Notes, Class A1, $306,250,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.43% Asset Backed Notes, Class A2a,
$306,250,000 aggregate principal amount of Benchmark + 0.30% Asset Backed Notes, Class A-2b, $647,500,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.56% Asset Backed Notes, Class A-3, and $140,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.66% Asset Backed Notes, Class
A-4 (collectively, the Notes), pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of itself and as representative of the several underwriters
named therein (collectively, the Underwriters), BMW Financial Services NA, LLC and the Depositor.

In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Depositor has prepared a prospectus dated February 4, 2025 (together with any
documents and other information incorporated therein by reference, each in the form prepared for use by the Underwriters in confirming sales of the Notes, the Prospectus). BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A (the Issuer) was formed pursuant to a Trust
Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2024, by and between the Depositor and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of February 12,
2025, by and between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee.

The Depositor has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form SF-3 (Registration No. 333-262471),
as amended by pre-effective Amendment No. 1 thereto, for the registration of the Notes and certain other securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In this opinion letter, the foregoing registration statement, as
so amended, at its effective date, including any documents and other information incorporated therein by reference, is called the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement was declared effective on March 28, 2022. As set forth in the
Prospectus, the Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of February 12, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee).

This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. No
opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus other than as to the entitlement of the Notes to the benefits of the Indenture and their enforceability against the Issuer in
accordance with their terms.

As such counsel, we have examined and relied upon originals or copies of such corporate records, documents, agreements or other
instruments of the Depositor as we consider appropriate. As to all matters of fact, we have entirely relied upon certificates of officers of the Depositor and of public officials, and have assumed, without independent inquiry, the accuracy of those
certificates. In connection with this opinion, we have also examined and relied upon the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the conformity to the originals of all
documents reviewed by us as copies, the authenticity and completeness of all original documents reviewed by us in original or copy form, and the legal competence of each individual executing any document.

Each opinion set forth below relating to the binding effect of the Notes is subject to the following general qualifications:

(i) 

the enforceability of any obligation of the Issuer or otherwise may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium, marshalling
or other laws and rules affecting the enforcement generally of creditors rights and remedies (including such as may deny giving effect to waivers of debtors or guarantors rights); and

(ii) 

the enforcement of any rights may in all cases be subject to an implied duty of good faith and general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

This opinion letter is limited solely to the internal, substantive laws of the State of New York as applied by courts located in New York
without regard to choice of law.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the Notes, when duly authorized by all requisite statutory trust
action on the part of the Issuer, executed by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer and authenticated by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, and delivered against payment in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement, will be
entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and constitute binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the references to this firm
under the heading Legal Opinions in the Prospectus. In rendering the foregoing opinions and giving such consent, we do not admit that we are experts within the meaning of the Securities Act.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit5-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF RICHARDS, LAYTON & FINGER, P.A. AS TO DUE AUTHORIZATION, ENFORCEABILITY AND LEGALITY (INCLUDING CONSENT OF SUCH FIRM)
<TEXT>
Exhibits 5.2 and 23.2

[LETTERHEAD OF RICHARDS, LAYTON & FINGER, P.A.]

February 12, 2025

To The Persons Listed

On Schedule A Attached Hereto

Re: 

BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as special Delaware counsel to BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust), in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Trust Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2024, as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2025 (as amended and restated, the Trust Agreement), between Wilmington
Trust, National Association, a national banking association, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), and BMW FS Securities LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as depositor (the Depositor). This opinion is being delivered pursuant to your
request. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in in the Trust Agreement, except that reference herein to any document shall mean such document as in effect on the date hereof.

We have examined originals or copies of the following documents:

(a) 

the Trust Agreement;

(b) 

the Administration Agreement;

(c) 

the Sale and Servicing Agreement;

(d) 

the Indenture;

(e) 

the Asset Representations Review Agreement (the documents in paragraphs (b) through (e) are collectively referred to herein as the Trust Documents);

(f) 

the Notes issued on the date hereof;

(g) 

the Trust Certificates;

To The Persons Listed

On Schedule A Attached Hereto

February 12, 2025

Page 2

(h) 

a certified copy of the certificate of trust (the Certificate of Trust) of the Trust which was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the
Secretary of State) on December 27, 2024; and

(i) 

a Certificate of Good Standing for the Trust, dated February 11, 2025, obtained from the Secretary of State.

We have not reviewed any documents other than the foregoing documents for purposes of rendering our opinions as expressed herein. In
particular, we have not reviewed any document (other than the foregoing documents) that is referred to in or incorporated by reference into any document reviewed by us. We have assumed that there exists no provision of any such other document that
bears upon or is inconsistent with our opinions as expressed herein. We have conducted no independent factual investigation of our own but have relied solely upon the foregoing documents, the statements and information set forth therein and the
additional matters recited or assumed herein, all of which we have assumed to be true, complete and accurate in all material respects.

Based upon the foregoing and upon an examination of such questions of law as we have deemed necessary or appropriate, and subject to the
assumptions, exceptions and qualifications set forth herein, we advise you that, in our opinion:

1.The Trust has been duly formed and is validly existing and in good standing as a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, 12 Del. C. 3801, et seq. (the Act),
and has the power and authority under the Trust Agreement and the Act to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Trust Documents and to issue the Notes and the Trust Certificates.

2.The Trust Documents and the Notes, and the performance by the Trust thereunder, have been duly authorized and the Trust Documents and the Notes have been duly executed and
delivered by the Trust.

3.The Trust Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, enforceable against the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, in accordance with
its terms.

4.Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Trust of the Trust Documents, nor the consummation by the Trust of any of the transactions contemplated thereby, requires
the consent or approval of, the withholding of objection on the part of, the giving of notice to, the filing, registration or qualification with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any governmental authority or agency of the State of
Delaware, other than the filing of the Certificate of Trust and any UCC financing statements with the Secretary of State.

5.Neither the execution, delivery and performance by the Trust of the Trust Documents, nor the consummation by the Trust of the transactions contemplated thereby, is in violation of
the Trust Agreement or of any law, rule or regulation of the State of Delaware applicable to the Trust.

To The Persons Listed

On Schedule A Attached Hereto

February 12, 2025

Page 3

6.Under 3805(b) of the Act, no creditor of any Certificateholder shall have any right to obtain possession of, or otherwise exercise legal or equitable remedies with respect to,
the property of the Trust except in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement.

7.Under the Act, the Trust is a separate legal entity and, assuming that the Sale and Servicing Agreement conveys good title to the Trust property to the Trust as a true sale and
not as a security arrangement, the Trust rather than the holders of the Trust Certificates will hold whatever title to the Trust property as may be conveyed to it from time to time pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except to the extent
that the Trust has taken action to dispose of or otherwise transfer or encumber any part of the Trust property.

8.Under 3805(c) of the Act, except to the extent otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement, a holder of a Trust Certificate (including the Depositor in its capacity as such) has
no interest in specific Trust property.

9.The Trust Certificates have been duly authorized and executed by the Trust, and, when authenticated and delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
the Trust Certificates will be validly issued and entitled to the benefits of the Trust Agreement.

10.Under Section 3808(a) and (b) of the Act, the Trust may not be terminated or revoked by any Certificateholder, and the dissolution, termination or bankruptcy of any
Certificateholder shall not result in the termination or dissolution of the Trust, except to the extent otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement.

The foregoing opinions are subject to the following exceptions, qualifications and assumptions:

A.The foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the State of Delaware currently in effect. We express no opinion with respect to (i) federal laws, including without limitation,
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the United States Corporate Transparency Act or any similar
statute of any other jurisdiction, (ii) state tax, insurance, pension or employee benefit plan, securities or blue sky laws or (iii) laws, rules or regulations relating to the particular nature of the Trust assets.

B.We have assumed (i) except to the extent provided in paragraph 1 above, the valid existence of each party to the documents examined by us under the laws of the jurisdiction
governing its organization, (ii) except to the extent provided in paragraph 1 above, that each party has the power and authority to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, the documents examined by us, (iii) the legal capacity of
natural persons who are signatories to the documents examined by us, (iv) except to the extent provided in paragraphs 2 and 9 above, that each party has duly authorized, executed and delivered the documents examined by us, (v) that each party has
complied and will comply with all of the obligations and has satisfied and will

To The Persons Listed

On Schedule A Attached Hereto

February 12, 2025

Page 4

satisfy all of the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the documents examined by us, (vi) that any amendment or restatement of
any document reviewed by us has been accomplished in accordance with, and was permitted by, the relevant provisions of said document prior to its amendment or restatement from time to time, (vii) that the Trust Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement among the parties thereto with respect to the subject matter thereof, including, without limitation, the creation, operation and termination of the Trust, and that the Trust Agreement and the Certificate of Trust are in full force and effect
and have not been amended, (viii) except to the extent provided in paragraphs 4 and 5 above, that the execution, delivery and performance of the documents examined by us by each of the parties thereto does not require the consent or approval of, the
withholding of objection on the part of, the giving of notice to, the filing, registration or qualification with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any governmental authority or agency applicable to it or any of its property or violate
any agreement, indenture or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or any provision of any law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental authority applicable to it or any of its
property and (ix) that the Trust derives no income from or connected with sources within the State of Delaware and has no assets, activities (other than having a Delaware trustee as required by the Act and the filing of documents with the Secretary of
State) or employees in the State of Delaware. We note that we have been retained to act as special Delaware counsel in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Trust Documents. We are not regular counsel to the Trust and are not generally
informed as to its business affairs. To the extent our opinions set forth in paragraphs 4 and 5 relate to any Delaware law, rule or regulation or any consent of any governmental body of the State of Delaware (a Delaware Governmental Authority), our
opinions relate only to such laws, rules and regulations and the requirements for consents of any Delaware Governmental Authority that are generally applicable to Delaware statutory trusts.

C.The foregoing opinions regarding enforceability and the opinions in paragraphs 6, 7, 8 and 10 above are subject to (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, moratorium,
receivership, reorganization, fraudulent transfer and similar laws or proceedings relating to and affecting the rights and remedies of creditors generally, (ii) principles of equity, including applicable law relating to fiduciary duties (regardless
of whether considered and applied in a proceeding in equity or at law), (iii) applicable public policy with respect to the enforceability of provisions relating to indemnification, exculpation or contribution and (iv) judicial imposition of an
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.

D.We have assumed that all signatures on documents examined by us are genuine, that all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic, and that all documents submitted to us
as copies conform with the originals, which facts we have not independently verified.

E.We express no opinion as to the creation, attachment, perfection or priority of any mortgage or security interest or the nature or validity of title to any property. In addition,
in rendering the opinions set forth above, we have not considered and express no opinion with respect to the applicability or effect of the choice-of-law rules of the Hague Convention on the

To The Persons Listed

On Schedule A Attached Hereto

February 12, 2025

Page 5

Law Applicable to Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary as in effect in the United States of America for matters governed by
Article 2(1) of that Convention.

F.We have not participated in the preparation of any offering materials with respect to the Notes or the Trust Certificates and assume no responsibility for their contents.

G.Notwithstanding any provision in the Trust Agreement or any Trust Documents to the contrary, we note that upon the occurrence of an event of dissolution of the Trust, the Trust
cannot make any payments or distributions to the Certificateholders until creditors claims are either paid in full or reasonable provision for payment thereof has been made.

H.With respect to the Trust Agreement, we express no opinion as to the validity or enforceability of provisions that purport to (i) restrict any right that a party may have to apply
for a judicial dissolution of the Trust, (ii) impose transfer restrictions on the Certificateholders to the extent that a transfer occurs by operation of law or (iii) bind a Person that is not a party to the Trust Agreement.

This opinion may be relied upon by you in connection with the matters set forth herein. Without our prior written consent, this opinion
may not be relied upon by or furnished to any other person or entity for any purpose; provided, however, copies of this opinion may be posted by the Trust, the Depositor or the Administrator to a password protected website accessible by any non-hired
nationally recognized statistical rating organization (a Non-hired NRSRO) that provides to the Trust, the Depositor or the Administrator the certification required by subsection (e) of Rule 17g-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (or any successor provision to such subsection) (Rule 17g-5), and agrees to keep this opinion confidential as contemplated by Rule 17g-5; provided, further, that no such Non-hired NRSRO will be entitled to rely on this opinion, and each such
Non-hired NRSRO, by accessing a copy of this opinion, will be deemed to have agreed to comply with the terms of this sentence and not to provide copies of this opinion to any other person; provided, however, copies of this opinion may be furnished (i)
to any person, not otherwise an addressee hereof, who becomes an assignee of or participant, or any such prospective assignee or participant, (ii) to an auditor or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the addressee, (iii) to any other person
pursuant to court order or judicial process or for the purpose of substantiating the addressee's due diligence defense and (iv) as otherwise required by law, in each case on the condition and understanding that (x) such disclosure is made solely to
enable such person to be informed that an opinion letter has been rendered and to be made aware of its terms, (y) we assume no duty or liability to any person to whom such disclosure is made and (z) none of the foregoing persons is entitled to rely
hereon unless an addressee hereof. We also hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Depositors current report on Form 8-K. In giving the foregoing consents, we do not thereby admit that we come within the category of Persons
whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder.

To The Persons Listed

On Schedule A Attached Hereto

February 12, 2025

Page 6

Very truly yours,

/s/ Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.

DKD/GAK/knp

SCHEDULE A

Wilmington Trust, National Association

BMW FS Securities LLC

BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A

BMW Financial Services NA, LLC

BMW Bank of North America

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

U.S. Bank National Association

S&P Global Ratings

Moodys Investors Service, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

RBC Capital Markets, LLC

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.

Barclays Capital Inc.

HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit8-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP AS TO CERTAIN TAX MATTERS (INCLUDING CONSENT OF SUCH FIRM)
<TEXT>
Exhibits 8.1 and 23.1

[LETTERHEAD OF MORGAN, LEWIS & BOCKIUS LLP]

February 12, 2025

BMW FS Securities LLC

200 BMW Drive

Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677

Re: 

BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to BMW FS Securities LLC (the Depositor), in connection with the issuance by BMW Vehicle Owner Trust 2025-A
(the Trust) of $1,750,000,000 Asset Backed Notes (the Notes). In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes, the Depositor has prepared a prospectus dated February 4, 2025 (the Prospectus).

A Registration Statement on Form SF3 relating to the
Notes (Registration No. 333-262471) was filed by the Depositor with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on February 2, 2022, as amended by pre-effective Amendment No. 1 thereto filed on March 22, 2022 (such registration statement,
as so amended to its effective date, is hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement), pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). The Registration Statement was declared effective on March 28, 2022. As set forth
in the Prospectus, the Notes will be issued under and pursuant to the Indenture dated as of February 12, 2025 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the Indenture), between the Trust and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as
indenture trustee.

As such counsel, we have examined copies of the Prospectus and the Indenture, and originals or copies of such other corporate minutes,
records, agreements and other instruments of the Depositor, certificates of public officials and other documents and have made such examinations of law, as we have deemed necessary to form the basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed. In our
examination of such materials, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all copies submitted to us. As to various questions of fact
material to such opinions, we have relied, to the extent we deemed appropriate, upon representations, statements and certificates of officers and representatives of the Depositor and others.

Attorneys involved in the preparation of this opinion are admitted to practice law in the State of New York and we do not express any
opinion herein concerning any law other than the federal laws of the United States of America, the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

Based on the foregoing and consideration of such other matters as we have deemed appropriate, the discussions in the Prospectus under the
headings Summary of TermsTax Status, Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations and Annex AGlobal Clearance, Settlement and Tax Documentation ProceduresMaterial U.S. Federal Income Tax

Documentation Requirements are our opinion of the law and we are of the opinion that insofar as those discussions describe certain provisions of U.S.
federal income tax law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, they are correct in all material respects.

We hereby consent to the filing of this letter and to the references to this firm under the headings Legal Opinions and Material U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations in the Prospectus, without implying or admitting that we are experts within the meaning of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission issued thereunder, with respect to any part of the
Prospectus.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>