<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-020196.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-020196.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250213200125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-020196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Corsair Gaming, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001743759
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT, NEC [3577]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				822335306
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39533
		FILM NUMBER:		25622452

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 N. MCCARTHY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			MILPITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95035
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5106578747

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 N. MCCARTHY BOULEVARD
		CITY:			MILPITAS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95035
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>crsr-20250210.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001743759Corsair Gaming, Inc.00017437592025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

CORSAIR GAMING, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-39533 

82-2335306

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

115 N. McCarthy Boulevard 

Milpitas, California 

95035

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(510)657-8747

None

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

CRSR 

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 10, 2025, Andrew J. Paul notified Corsair Gaming, Inc. (the Company) of his retirement from his position as Chief Executive Officer and from the board of directors of the Company (the Board), effective July 1, 2025. His retirement is not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or the Board.

Pursuant to a Transition Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, between the Company and Mr. Paul (the Transition Agreement), Mr. Paul will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board through the earlier of (i) June 30, 2025 and (ii) such earlier date as determined by the Company or Mr. Paul (the earliest of such dates, the Transition End Date). Mr. Paul will continue to receive his current annual base salary and his equity awards will continue vesting during such transition period with the Company through the Transition End Date.

Pursuant to the Transition Agreement, in the event Mr. Paul remains employed with the Company through June 30, 2025, then, subject to Mr. Paul executing and not revoking a general release of claims (and abiding by non-disparagement and two year non-solicitation restrictive covenants), (i) the vesting of Mr. Pauls in-the-money stock options and all of his restricted stock units will be fully accelerated, (ii) the post-termination exercise period applicable to all of his stock options will be extended for a period of 24 months, (iii) Mr. Paul will be entitled to receive a pro-rated annual bonus based on actual achievement of performance goals and (iv) Mr. Paul will receive 24 months of COBRA reimbursement.

The foregoing description of the Transition Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Transition Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

On February 11, 2025, the Board appointed Thi La, the Companys current President and Chief Operating Officer, to serve as Chief Executive Officer, effective July 1, 2025 or such other date mutually agreed by the Company and Ms. La (the Effective Date).

Pursuant to an Employment Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, between the Company and Ms. La (the Employment Agreement), Ms. La will assume the role of Chief Executive Officer on the Effective Date for a three-year term. She will receive an annual base salary of $800,000 and will be eligible for an annual bonus with a target amount equal to 120% of her annual base salary. Subject to the approval of the Board, the Company intends to grant Ms. La restricted stock units (RSUs), an option to purchase Company common stock (the Option) and units subject to a performance-based condition (PSUs) having an aggregate target value of $5 million. Subject to the terms of the Companys 2020 Incentive Award Plan and following the Effective Date, (i) the RSUs will vest over four years, with 25% of the RSUs vesting on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and with respect to 1/16th of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to Ms. Las continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, (ii) the shares subject to the Option will vest and become exercisable over four years, with 25% of the shares subject to the Option vesting on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and with respect to 1/48th of the shares subject to the Option on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to Ms. Las continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, and (iii) the PSUs will vest based on such performance metrics and over such performance period as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. In addition, Ms. La also executed our standard change in control and severance agreement, pursuant to which she is eligible to receive certain payment and benefits in the event we terminate Ms. Las employment with us without Cause (as defined therein) or resigns for Good Reason (as defined therein). The severance provided under the severance agreement provides for (a) 12 months of her base salary, (b) 100% of her target annual performance bonus and (c) continued healthcare coverage under our medical plan for up to 12 months. In lieu of such severance, if we terminate Ms. Las employment without Cause or she resigns for Good Reason within 12 months following a Change in Control, the severance agreement provides for (a) a lump sum cash payment equal to 24 months of base salary and 200% of her target annual bonus, (b) continued healthcare coverage under our medical plan for up to 24 months and (c) full acceleration of the vesting of all of her outstanding equity awards (other than any performance-based equity awards). Ms. La must timely execute, and not revoke, a general release of all claims against us and our affiliates to receive the severance payments described above. In addition, if Ms. La materially breaches certain restrictive covenant agreements she will forfeit her severance benefits.

The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the Employment Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Ms. Las biographical information is set forth in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2024, which information is incorporated herein by reference. There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. La and any other person pursuant to which Ms. La will assume the role of Chief Executive Officer, nor are there any family relationships between Ms. La and any other director or executive officer of the Company. Ms. La has no direct or indirect material interest in any related person transaction or proposed transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 12, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the retirement of Mr. Paul and the appointment of Ms. Thi as Chief Executive Officer. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into any registration document or other document filed by the Company.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 

Transition Agreement, by and between Corsair Gaming, Inc. and Andrew J. Paul

10.2 

Employment Agreement, by and between Corsair Gaming, Inc. and Thi La

99.1 

Press Release, dated February 12, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CORSAIR GAMING, INC.

Date: 

February 14, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Michael G. Potter

Michael G. Potter

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>crsr-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

TRANSITION AGREEMENT

This Transition Agreement (the Agreement) by and between Mr. Andrew J. Paul (Employee) and Corsair Gaming, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), is made effective as of the date Employee signs this Agreement (the Effective Date). The purpose of this Agreement is to set forth the terms of Employees transition with the Company.

1.

Transition Period.

(a)

Transition Period. During the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on June 30, 2025, Employee shall serve continue to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on the same terms and conditions as currently in effect and also provide such services to ensure a smooth transition of Employees duties and responsibilities (the Transition Services). During the Transition Period, Employee will devote Employees full working time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company in order to perform Employees duties. 

(b)

Salary, and Benefits Continuation. During the Transition Period, Employee will continue to be paid base salary at the rate in effect on the date of this Agreement (which was $900,000 that became effective as of January 1, 2025) in accordance with the Companys regular payroll procedures, and be eligible for all employee benefit plans available to senior executives of the Company. All payments made to Employee during the Transition Period will be subject to the required withholding taxes and authorized deductions. 

(c)

Equity Awards. As of the Transition Period, Employee holds outstanding equity including but not limited to unexercised options to purchase Company common stock (the Options) and restricted stock units (RSUs). During the Transition Period, all such outstanding equity, including the Options and RSUs, shall continue to vest, in each case, in accordance with their terms.

(d)

End of Employment. Employees last day of employment with the Company shall occur on the earliest to occur of (i) the end of the Transition Period, (ii) the date Employee resigns his employment with the Company for any reason, and (iii) on any date for Cause (as defined below) (the earliest of such dates the Transition End Date). As of the Transition End Date, Employee shall have resigned from all positions that Employee holds as an officer of the Company and as a member of the Companys board of directors. For purposes hereof, Cause shall mean (i) Employees failure substantially to perform Employees duties and responsibilities to the Company or deliberate violation of a Company policy; (ii) Employees commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty or any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the Company; (iii) unauthorized use or disclosure by Employee of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Employee owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of Employees relationship with the Company; or (iv) Employees willful and material breach of any of Employees obligations under this Agreement or any other written agreement or covenant with the Company.

(e)

Protection of Information. During the Transition Period, Employee agrees to remain in compliance with that certain Employee Proprietary Information Agreement entered into between Employee and the Company dated as of May 5, 2004 (the Confidentiality Agreement). Without limiting the foregoing, Employee acknowledges and agrees that, during the Transition Period, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, become employed by or provide assistance to any competitor of the Company. 

(f)

SEC Reporting. Employee acknowledges that to the extent required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), Employee will have continuing obligations under Section 16(a) and 16(b) of the Exchange Act to report matching transactions, if any, in Company common stock for six (6) months following the Transition End Date. Employee further acknowledges that any transactions by Employee involving Company securities will remain subject to securities laws in all respects, including, without limitation, laws regarding trading while in possession of material nonpublic information.

2.

Final Paycheck; Payment of Accrued Wages and Expenses. 

(a)

Final Paycheck. As soon as administratively practicable on or after the Transition End Date, the Company will pay Employee all accrued but unpaid base salary earned through the Transition End Date, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. Employee is entitled to these payments regardless of whether Employee executes this Agreement or the Release of Claims (as defined below).

(b)

Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all outstanding reasonable expenses incurred prior to the Transition End Date that are consistent with the Companys policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Companys requirements with respect to reporting and documenting such expenses. Employee is entitled to these reimbursements regardless of whether Employee executes this Agreement or the Release of Claims. 

3.

Transition Payments and Benefits. Without admission of any liability, fact or claim, the Company hereby agrees, subject to (i) this Agreement becoming effective, (ii) the Transition End Date occurring as a result of subsection 1(d)(i) only; (iii) the delivery to the Company of the release of claims in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release of Claims) that is signed by Employee on or after the Transition End Date and becomes effective and irrevocable within 30 days following the Transition End Date, and (iv) Employees not being in breach of the Confidentiality Agreement, to provide Employee the benefits set forth below. Specifically, the Company and Employee agree as follows: 

(a)

Extended Exercise Period of Options. The post-termination exercise period to exercise Executives options which are vested as of the Transition End Date, inclusive of the Accelerated Options, shall be extended until the earlier to occur of (i) the second anniversary of the Transition End Date or (ii) the original expiration date of the applicable Option, subject to earlier termination upon certain corporate transactions as set forth in the applicable equity incentive plan. Employee acknowledges that upon his signature to this Agreement, each unexercised incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), shall be deemed modified for the purposes of Section 424 of the Code and, to the extent the exercise price thereof is lower than the fair market value of the Companys common stock as of the date Employee signs this Agreement, such Options shall no longer qualify as an incentive stock option and Employee will lose the potentially favorable tax treatment associated with such Options. For all Options that are incentive stock options within the meaning of the Code but have not been disqualified pursuant to the preceding sentence, Employee acknowledges that each unexercised incentive stock option that remains unexercised following the three (3)-month anniversary of the Transition End Date shall no longer qualify as an incentive stock option.

(b)

Pro-Rated Annual Bonus. Employee shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to a pro-rated portion (based on the number of days Employee was employed by the Company during the calendar year in which the Transition End Date occurs) of Employees annual bonus based 

2

on the actual achievement of the applicable performance goals as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion after the conclusion of the relevant year, payable in a cash lump sum, less applicable withholdings, at the same time annual bonuses are paid generally to other executives of the Company for the relevant year, but in no event later than March 15th of the year immediately following that in which the Transition End Date occurs. For purposes of this calculation, Employees target annual bonus shall be 120% of the actually salary paid to you (such that Employees pro-rated target annual bonus through June 30, 2025 shall be $540,000). In addition, the weighting of the performance achievement for the annual bonus shall include (i) 75% with respect to Company performance and (ii) 25% with respect to Employees successful completion of the Transition Services, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.

(c)

Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards. The vesting and, if applicable, exercisability of that number of shares subject to the Options and that number of RSUs shall be accelerated as set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto, effective immediately upon the Transition End Date (the AcceleratedOptions, the AcceleratedRSUs and, together, the Accelerated Equity Awards). Any remaining unvested shares subject to the Options and/or RSUs will terminate as of the Transition End Date for no consideration.

(d)

COBRA. If Employee timely elects to receive continued healthcare coverage pursuant to the provisions of COBRA, the Company shall directly pay, or reimburse Employee for, the premium for Employee and Employees covered dependents through the earlier of (i) the twenty-four (24) month anniversary of the Transition End Date and (ii) the date Employee and Employees covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), or (ii) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Employee under its group health plans without penalty under applicable law (including without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in either case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall thereafter be paid to Employee in substantially equal monthly installments. After the Company ceases to pay premiums pursuant to this Section 3(d), Employee may, if eligible, elect to continue healthcare coverage at Employees expense in accordance with the provisions of COBRA. Employee shall notify the Company immediately if Employee becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent employer.

(e)

Sole Benefit. Employee agrees that the payment and benefits provided by this Section 3 are not required under the Companys normal policies and procedures and are provided solely in connection with this Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the payment referenced in this Section 3 constitutes adequate and valuable consideration, in and of itself, for the promises contained in this Agreement and the Release of Claims. 

4.

Full Payment. Employee acknowledges that the payment and arrangements herein shall constitute full and complete satisfaction of any and all amounts properly due and owing to Employee as a result of Employees employment with the Company and the cessation thereof. Employee further acknowledges that, other than the Confidentiality Agreement, the equity award agreements and Employees indemnification agreement with the Company (the Indemnification Agreement) (collectively, the Surviving Agreements), this Agreement shall supersede each other agreement entered into between Employee and the Company regarding Employees employment, and each such agreement, but not the Surviving Agreements, shall be deemed terminated and of no further effect as of the Effective Date.

5.

Post-Employment Obligations. 

3

(a)

Confidentiality. Employee hereby expressly confirms Employees continuing obligations to the Company pursuant to Employees Confidentiality Agreement with the Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the benefits provided in Section 3 above shall be subject to Employees continued compliance with the Confidentiality Agreement and other provisions of this Section 5. 

(b)

Non-Solicitation. Employee agrees that while Employee serves as an employee of the Company and for two (2) years thereafter, Employee shall not, either directly or through others, solicit or attempt to solicit any employee, independent contractor, consultant or other service provider of the Company to terminate his or her relationship with the Company in order to become an employee, consultant, independent contractor or other service provider to or for any other person or entity.

(c)

Non-Disparagement. Employee agrees that Employee shall not disparage or defame the Company, its affiliates and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, partners, stockholders or employees, either publicly or privately. Nothing in this Section 5(c) shall apply to any evidence or testimony required by any court, arbitrator or government agency; nor shall anything herein prevent Employee from discussing terms and conditions of Employees employment with the Company, as permitted by the National Labor Relations Act and California law, including but not limited to discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Employee has reason to believe is unlawful, or communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice.

(d)

Whistleblower Protections and Trade Secrets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Release of Claims or Confidentiality Agreement, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Employee from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any United States governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation (including the right to receive an award for information provided to any such government agencies). Furthermore, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1833, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) Employee shall not be in breach of this Agreement, and shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (A) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (B) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; and (ii) if Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the trade secret to Employees attorney, and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(e)

Return of Company Property; Related Party Arrangements. Employee warrants and represents that, not later than five (5) business days after the Transition End Date, Employee will turn over to the Company all physical or personal property that are the property of the Company and that Employee had in Employees possession, custody or control. In addition, Exhibit C sets forth all arrangements currently in place between the Company and Employee that shall continue on their current terms and conditions following the Transition End Date, and any other such arrangement shall terminate automatically on the Transition End Date and be of no further force or effect.

4

6.

Employee Representations. Employee warrants and represents that (a) Employee has not filed or authorized the filing of any complaints, charges or lawsuits against the Company or any affiliate of the Company with any governmental agency or court, and that if, unbeknownst to Employee, such a complaint, charge or lawsuit has been filed on Employees behalf, Employee will immediately cause it to be withdrawn and dismissed, (b) Employee has been paid all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and/or benefits to which Employee may be entitled and no other compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions and/or benefits are due to Employee, except as provided in this Agreement, (c) Employee has no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases and has been provided and/or has not been denied any leave requested under the Family and Medical Leave Act or any similar state law, (d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Employee does not and will not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any agreement, contract or instrument to which Employee is a party or any judgment, order or decree to which Employee is subject, and (e) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Employee, this Agreement will be a valid and binding obligation of Employee, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

7.

No Assignment by Employee. Employee warrants and represents that no portion of any of the matters released herein, and no portion of any recovery or settlement to which Employee might be entitled, has been assigned or transferred to any other person, firm or corporation not a party to this Agreement, in any manner, including by way of subrogation or operation of law or otherwise. If any claim, action, demand or suit should be made or instituted against the Company or any other Releasee (as defined in the Release of Claims) because of any actual assignment, subrogation or transfer by Employee, Employee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and all other Releasees against such claim, action, suit or demand, including necessary expenses of investigation, attorneys fees and costs. In the event of Employees death, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of Employee and Employees executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees. None of Employees rights or obligations may be assigned or transferred by Employee, other than Employees rights to payments hereunder, which may be transferred only upon Employees death by will or operation of law. 

8.

Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of California or, where applicable, United States federal law, in each case, without regard to any conflicts of laws provisions or those of any state other than California.

9.

Miscellaneous. This Agreement, together with the Surviving Agreements, comprises the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes, in their entirety, any other agreements between Employee and the Company with regard to the subject matter hereof, including, without limitation, the Prior Agreements. Employee acknowledges that there are no other agreements, written, oral or implied, and that Employee may not rely on any prior negotiations, discussions, representations or agreements. This Agreement may be modified only in writing, and such writing must be signed by both parties containing a recital that it is intended to modify this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which is deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Employee acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall trigger any term to resign Employees employment.

10.

Company Assignment and Successors. The Company shall assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor to all or substantially all of the business or the assets of the Company (by merger or otherwise), and shall cause any such successor to expressly assume its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors, assigns, personnel and legal representatives. 

5

11.

Section 409A of the Code. This Agreement is intended, to the greatest extent permitted under law, to comply with the short-term deferral exemption provided in Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and other interpretative guidance issued thereunder (Section 409A) such that no benefits or payments under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the timing of any payments under this Agreement shall be made consistent with such exemption. Employees right to receive a series of installment payments under this Agreement, if any, shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments. To the extent applicable, this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines that any amounts payable hereunder may be subject to Section 409A, the Company may, to the extent permitted under Section 409A cooperate in good faith to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Company determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A; provided, however, that this Section 11 shall not create an obligation on the part of the Company to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any such other action, nor shall the Company have any liability for failing to do so. To the extent that any reimbursements payable pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the provisions of Section 409A, such reimbursements shall be paid to Employee no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and Employees right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

12.

Employees Cooperation. After the Transition End Date, Employee shall cooperate with the Company and its affiliates, upon the Companys reasonable request, with respect to any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or judicial proceeding involving matters within the scope of Employees duties and responsibilities to the Company or its affiliates during his employment with the Company (including, without limitation, Employee being available to the Company upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Companys reasonable request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, and turning over to the Company all relevant Company documents which are or may have come into Employees possession during his employment); provided, however, that (i) any such request by the Company shall not be unduly burdensome or interfere with Employees personal schedule or ability to engage in gainful employment and (ii) this provision shall not apply to any such investigation or proceeding that arises out of or relates to a dispute between Employee and the Company and/or any of its affiliates. 

(Signature page(s) follow)

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Transition Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date indicated next to their respective signatures below.

DATED: February 10, 2025 

/s/ Andrew J. Paul 

Andrew J. Paul 

DATED: February 11, 2025 

By: /s/ George Majoros 

George Majoros 

Chairman of the Board 

[Signature Page to Transition Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS1

This General Release of Claims (Release) is entered into as of _________________, 2025, between Mr. Andrew J. Paul (Employee) and Corsair Gaming, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and, together with Employee, the Parties), effective as of the eighth (8th) day after the date of Employees signature hereto.

1.

Employees Release of the Company. Employee understands that by agreeing to this Release, Employee is agreeing not to sue, or otherwise file any claim against, the Company or any of its directors, officers, employees, investors or other agents for any reason whatsoever based on anything that has occurred in connection with his employment or other relationship with the Company and the conclusion of that employment or other relationship that the Company as of the date Employee signs this Release.

(a)

On behalf of Employee and Employees heirs, assigns, executors, administrators, trusts, spouse and estate, Employee hereby releases and forever discharges the Releasees hereunder, consisting of the Company and each of its owners, affiliates, subsidiaries, predecessors, successors, assigns, agents, directors, officers, partners, employees, and insurers, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with them, or any of them, of and from any and all manner of action or actions, cause or causes of action, in law or in equity, suits, debts, liens, contracts, agreements, promises, liability, claims, demands, damages, loss, cost or expense, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent (hereinafter called Claims), which Employee now has or may hereafter have against the Releasees, or any of them, by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever from the beginning of time to the date hereof, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Claims arising out of, based upon, or relating to Employees hire, employment, remuneration or resignation by the Releasees, or any of them, Claims arising under federal, state, or local laws relating to employment, Claims of any kind that may be brought in any court or administrative agency, including any Claims arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 2000, et seq.; Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 621, et seq.; Civil Rights Act of 1866, and Civil Rights Act of 1991; 42 U.S.C. 1981, et seq.; Equal Pay Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 206(d); regulations of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance, 41 C.F.R. Section 60, et seq.; the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.; the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.; the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, as amended, Cal. Lab. Code 12940 et seq.; the California Equal Pay Law, as amended, Cal. Lab. Code 1197.5(a),199.5; the Moore-Brown-Roberti Family Rights Act of 1991, as amended, Cal. Govt Code 12945.2, 19702.3; California Labor Code 1101, 1102; the California WARN Act, California Labor Code 1400 et. seq; California Labor Code 1102.5(a),(b); Claims for wages under the California Labor Code and any other federal, state or local laws of similar effect; the employment and civil rights laws of California; Claims for breach of contract; Claims arising in tort, including, without limitation, Claims of wrongful dismissal or discharge, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, fraud, misrepresentation, defamation, defamation, infliction of emotional distress, violation of public policy, and/or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and Claims for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorneys fees. 

1 NTD: To be updated upon the Transition End Date for any changes in applicable law.

A-1

(b)

Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Employee does not release the following claims:

(i)

Claims to enforce Employees rights under the Transition Agreement entered into between the Company and Employee on [________], 2025 (the Transition Agreement).

(ii)

Claims for unemployment compensation or any state disability insurance benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable state law; 

(iii)

Claims for workers compensation insurance benefits under the terms of any workers compensation insurance policy or fund of the Company;

(iv)

Claims to continued participation in certain of the Companys group benefit plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of COBRA;

(v)

Claims to any benefit entitlements vested as the date of Employee ceased to be an employee, pursuant to written terms of any Company or affiliate employee benefit plan, program or policy;

(vi)

Claims for indemnification under any indemnification agreement including the Indemnification Agreement (as defined in the Transition Agreement), the Companys governing documents or any other applicable law; and

(vii)

Claims that cannot be released by law, including, (A) Employees right to bring to the attention of the Equal Employment Opportunity or California Civil Rights Department claims of discrimination, harassment, interference with leave rights, and retaliation; provided, however, that Employee does release Employees right to secure damages for any such alleged treatment, and (B) Employees right to communicate directly with, cooperate with, or provide information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice.

(c)

Acknowledgement. In accordance with the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, Employee has been advised of the following:

(i)

Employee should consult with an attorney before signing this Release;

(ii)

Employee has been given at least twenty-one (21) days to consider this Release;

(iii)

Employee has seven (7) days after signing this Release to revoke it. If Employee wishes to revoke this Agreement, Employee must deliver notice of Employees revocation in writing, no later than 11:59 p.m. PT on the 7th day following Employees execution of this Release by email to [_______] at [_________________]. Employee understands that if Employee revokes this Release, it will be null and void in its entirety, and Employee will not be entitled to any payments or benefits provided in the Transition Agreement.

(d)

EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS:

A-2

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

BEING AWARE OF SAID CODE SECTION, EMPLOYEE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS EMPLOYEE MAY HAVE THEREUNDER, AS WELL AS UNDER ANY OTHER STATUTES OR COMMON LAW PRINCIPLES OF SIMILAR EFFECT.

2.

Employee Representations. Employee warrants and represents that (a) he has not filed or authorized the filing of any complaints, charges or lawsuits against the Company or any of its affiliates with any governmental agency or court, and that if, unbeknownst to Employee, such a complaint, charge or lawsuit has been filed on his behalf, he will immediately cause it to be withdrawn and dismissed, (b) Employee has been paid all compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions, and/or benefits to which Employee may be entitled and no other compensation, wages, bonuses, commissions and/or benefits are due to Employee, except as provided in Section 3 of the Transition Agreement, (c) Employee has no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases and has been provided and/or has not been denied any leave requested under the Family and Medical Leave Act or any similar state law, (d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Release by Employee does not and will not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any agreement, contract or instrument to which Employee is a party or any judgment, order or decree to which Employee is subject, and (e) upon the execution and delivery of this Release by the Company and Employee, this Release will be a valid and binding obligation of Employee, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

3.

Protected Rights. Nothing in this Agreement (a) prevents Employee from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Employee has reason to believe is unlawful, (b) limits Employees ability to exercise rights under Section 7 of the NLRA or similar state law to engage in protected, concerted activity with other employees, or (c) prevents Employee from communicating with, filing a charge or complaint with; providing documents or information voluntarily or in response to a subpoena or other information request to; or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, law enforcement, or any other any federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any laws, or from responding to a subpoena or discovery request in court litigation or arbitration.

4.

Acknowledgment of Continuing Obligations. Employee acknowledges and agrees to comply with all continuing obligations under Section 5 of the Transition Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees to comply with the continuing cooperation set forth in Section 12 of the Transition Agreement. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the benefits provided in the Transition Agreement shall be subject to Employees continued compliance with Employees obligations under this Section 4.

5.

Severability.The provisions of this Release are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

6.

Choice of Law. This Release shall in all respects be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, without regard to conflicts of law principles.

A-3

7.

Integration Clause. This Release and the Transition Agreement contain the Parties entire agreement with regard to the transition of Employees employment, and supersede and replace any prior agreements as to those matters, whether oral or written. This Release may not be changed or modified, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by Employee and an authorized member of the Board of Directors of the Company.

8.

Execution in Counterparts. This Release may be executed in counterparts with the same force and effectiveness as though executed in a single document. Facsimile signatures shall have the same force and effectiveness as original signatures.

9.

Intent to be Bound. The Parties have carefully read this Release in its entirety; fully understand and agree to its terms and provisions; and intend and agree that it is final and binding on all Parties.

(Signature page(s) follow)

A-4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the Parties have executed the foregoing on the dates shown below.

DATED: ___________, 2025 

Andrew J. Paul 

DATED: ___________, 2025 

By: 

[_______________] 

[_______________] 

A-5

EXHIBIT B

EQUITY ACCELERATION

Award Type 

Exercise Price (if applicable) 

Total Shares Subject to Award 

Currently Vested 

Accelerated Awards

Option 

$13.54 

450,000 

150,000 

300,000 (100% of the Option)

Option 

$18.23 

511,364 

298,296 

213,068 (100% of the Option)

Option 

$19.72 

688,863 

588,404 

100,459 (100% of the Option)

RSU 

N/A 

24,220 

0 

24,220 (100% of RSUs)

RSU 

N/A 

60,445 

12,089 

48,356 (100% of RSUs)

RSU 

N/A 

80,000 

25,000 

55,000 (100% of RSUs)

B-1

EXHIBIT C

RELATED PARTY ARRANGEMENTS

1.

Rental Agreement, by and between Tall Mast LLC and Corsair Memory, Inc., dated as of September 30, 2020.

2.

Rental Agreement, by and between Tall Mast LLC and Corsair Memory, Inc., dated as of May 1, 2022.

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>crsr-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

CORSAIR GAMING, INC.

Employment Agreement

This Employment Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of February 11, 2025, is made by and between Corsair Gaming, Inc., a Delaware corporation (together with any successor thereto, the Company) and Thi La (Executive) (collectively referred to as the Parties or individually referred to as a Party).

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Company to assure itself of the continued services of Executive following the Effective Date (as defined below) and thereafter on the terms herein provided by entering into this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of Executive to provide continued services to the Company following the Effective Date and thereafter on the terms herein provided.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1.

Employment.

(a)

General. Effective as of July 1, 2025, or such other date mutually agreed in writing between the Parties (such date when Executive actually commences service as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Effective Date), the Company shall employ Executive and Executive shall remain in the employ of the Company, for the period and in the positions set forth in this Section 1, and subject to the other terms and conditions herein.

(b)

Employment Term. The term of employment under this Agreement (the Term) shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 4 below. The Term shall automatically renew for additional twelve (12) month periods unless no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of the applicable Term either Party gives written notice of non-renewal (Notice of Non-Renewal) to the other, in which case Executives employment will terminate at the end of the then-applicable Term, subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 4 below.

(c)

Positions. Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with such responsibilities, duties and authority normally associated with such position and as may from time to time be reasonably assigned to Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company or an authorized committee of the Board (as the case may be, the Board). Executive shall report directly to the Board. At the Companys request, Executive shall serve the Company and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates in such other capacities in addition to the foregoing as the Company shall designate, provided that such additional capacities are consistent with Executives position as the Companys Chief Executive Officer. In the event that Executive serves in any one or more of such additional capacities, Executives compensation shall not automatically be increased on account of such additional service. 

(d)

Duties. Executive shall devote substantially all of Executives working time, attention and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company (which shall include service to its affiliates), except during any paid vacation or other excused absence periods. Executive shall not engage in outside business activities (including serving on outside boards or committees) without the prior written consent of the Board 

(which shall not be unreasonably withheld); provided that Executive shall be permitted to (i) manage Executives personal, financial and legal affairs, (ii) participate in trade associations and charitable and community affairs, and (iii) continue to serve on the board of directors or advisory boards of the companies/organizations set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, if any, in each case, subject to compliance with this Agreement and provided that such activities do not materially interfere with Executives performance of Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder or violate the terms of that certain Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement by and between the Company and Executive as of May 14, 2010 (the Confidentiality Agreement). Executive agrees to observe and comply with the rules and policies of the Company as adopted by the Company from time to time, in each case as amended from time to time, as set forth in writing, and as delivered or made available to Executive (each, a Policy).

(e)

Location. Executive shall perform his/her duties hereunder at the offices of the Company located in Milpitas, California, but from time to time Executive may be required to temporarily travel to other locations in the proper conduct of Executives responsibilities under this Agreement.

2.

Compensation and Related Matters.

(a)

Annual Base Salary. During the Term, Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate of $800,000 per annum, which shall be paid in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company and shall be pro-rated for partial years of employment. Such annual base salary shall be reviewed from time to time by the Company (such annual base salary, as it may be adjusted from time to time, the Annual Base Salary).

(b)

Annual Bonus. During the Term, Executive will be eligible to participate in an annual incentive program established by the Board. Executives annual incentive compensation under such incentive program (the Annual Bonus) shall be targeted at one hundred and twenty percent (120)% of Executives Annual Base Salary (the Target Bonus). The Annual Bonus payable under the incentive program shall be based on the achievement of performance goals to be determined by the Board. The payment of any Annual Bonus pursuant to the incentive program shall be subject to continued employment with the Company through the applicable payment date. Executives Annual Bonus, if earned, for the year in which the Effective Date occurs shall be one hundred and twenty (120)% of Executives actual base salary earned for the calendar year in which the Effective Date occurs. 

(c)

Benefits. During the Term, Executive shall be eligible to participate in employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements as the Company may from time to time offer to provide to its executives, consistent with the terms thereof and as such plans, programs and arrangements may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein is intended, or shall be construed, to require the Company to institute or continue any, or any particular, plan or benefit. In no event shall Executive be eligible to participate in any severance plan or program of the Company, except as set forth in Section 5(b) below.

(d)

Vacation; Holidays. During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to paid vacation per calendar year (pro-rated for partial years) in accordance with the Policies. Any vacation shall be taken at the reasonable and mutual convenience of the Company and Executive. In addition, the Company offers employees time off for standard Company holidays in accordance with the Policies.

(e)

Business Expenses. During the Term, the Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable travel and other business expenses incurred by Executive in the performance of Executives duties to the Company in accordance with the Companys expense reimbursement Policy.

2

3.

Equity Awards. 

(a)

New Equity Awards. Subject to the approval of the Board, the Company will have granted to Executive equity awards as detailed below (the Awards) prior to the Effective Date. the Awards granted to Executive will be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable grant agreement under the Companys 2020 Incentive Award Plan (the Plan). Executives Awards will have an aggregate target value of $5,000,000 (the Total Stock Value). One-third (1/3rd) of the Total Stock Value of the Awards (rounded to the nearest share) will be in the form of restricted stock units and subject to a service-based condition (RSUs), one-third (1/3rd) of the Total Stock Value of the Awards (rounded to the nearest share) will be in the form of an option to purchase Company common stock and subject to a service-based condition (the Option) and the remaining portion of the Awards will be performance stock units and subject to a performance-based condition (PSUs). The number of shares of units subject to the Awards will be determined using Company practice as determined by the Board (currently this includes, RSUs and PSUs granted to Executive equal to approximately the applicable portion of the Total Stock Value divided by the 30-day average closing price of the Companys common stock; and the number of shares subject to the Option based on the grant date fair value which shall be equal to approximately the applicable portion of the Total Stock Value). No portion of any of the Awards is eligible to vest or be settled prior to the occurrence of the Effective Date. Subject to the terms of the Plan and the following the Effective Date, (i) the RSUs will vest over four years, with 25% of the RSUs vesting on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and with respect to 1/16th of the RSUs on each quarterly anniversary thereafter, subject to Executives continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, (ii) the shares subject to the Option will vest and become exercisable over four years, with 25% of the shares subject to the Option vesting on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and with respect to 1/48th of the shares subject to the Option on each monthly anniversary thereafter, subject to Executives continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date, and (ii) the PSUs will vest based on such performance metrics and over such performance period as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Effective Date does not timely occur by July 1, 2025, then 100% of the Awards shall be forfeited for no consideration by Executive effective as of the date the Board determines the Effective Date shall not occur. 

(b)

Stock Ownership Guidelines. Executive shall be required to hold a number of Shares (as defined below) equal to at least (i) six times the Annual Base Salary (the Guideline Level) divided by (ii) the Closing Price, as defined below (the Stock Guidelines). The Guideline Level is initially calculated using the Annual Base Salary as of the Effective Date and will be recalculated each July 1. These Stock Guidelines may be waived for Executive at the discretion of the Board if compliance would violate Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or create severe hardship or prevent Executive from complying with a court order, as in the case of a divorce settlement. It is expected that these instances will be rare. If an exception is granted in whole or in part, the Board will, in consultation with Executive, develop an alternative stock ownership guideline for Executive that reflects both the intention of this Stock Guidelines and Executives particular circumstances.

(i)

Notwithstanding the foregoing and except as provided in Section 3(b)(iii) below, Executive is required to retain all Shares held by Executive (or Executives Immediate Family, as defined below) from the Effective Date through the first anniversary of the Effective Date.

(ii)

Following the first anniversary of the Effective Date and except as provided in Section 3(b)(iii) below, Executive is permitted to Transfer (as defined below) up to 50,000 Shares held by Executive (or Executives Immediate Family) per each twelve (12) month period (so between July 1 and June 30, starting in 2026), so long as such Transfer is in compliance with applicable laws and Company policies, including insider trading.

3

(iii)

Executive shall always be permitted to Transfer Shares in connection with the following: (i) in connection with satisfying applicable withholding taxes and/or exercise prices of stock options; (ii) estate planning for Executives Immediate Family; and (iii) unforeseen expenses in connection with Executives Disability (as defined in the Plan) or other catastrophic events, such as uninsured medical costs.

(iv)

Closing Price means the higher of (i) the thirty (30) day closing price of Company common stock as reported on Nasdaq on the trading day immediately preceding the date of calculation and (ii) the average closing price of Company common stock as reported on Nasdaq for the 12-month period immediately preceding (and ending on the trading date immediately prior to) the date of calculation.

(v)

Immediate Family meansany spouse, children, parents, uncles, aunts, siblings, grandchildren and any other relatives approved by the Board.

(vi)

Shares means (1) shares of Company common stock owned outright by Executive or her Immediate Family; (2) shares of Company common stock held in trust for the benefit of Executive Officer or her Immediate Family; (3) shares of Company common stock held in a 401(k) plan, IRA or employee equity purchase or deferred compensation plan; (4) vested in-the-money stock options; and (5) vested performance share units that have not been settled.

(vii)

Transfer means any sale, assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition, by operation of law or otherwise.

4.

Termination.

(a)

At-Will Employment. The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executives employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. This means that it is not for any specified period of time and, subject to any ramifications under Section 5 of this Agreement, can be terminated by Executive or by the Company at any time, with or without advance notice, and for any or no particular reason or cause. It also means that Executives job duties, title, and responsibility and reporting level, work schedule, compensation, and benefits, as well as the Companys personnel policies and procedures, may be changed with prospective effect, with or without notice, at any time in the sole discretion of the Company (subject to any ramification such changes may have under Section 5 of this Agreement). This at-will nature of Executives employment shall remain unchanged during Executives tenure as an employee and may not be changed, except in an express writing signed by Executive and a duly-authorized officer of the Company. If Executives employment terminates for any lawful reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, award, or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement and the Severance Agreement. 

(b)

Notice of Termination. During the Term, any termination of Executives employment by the Company or by Executive (other than by reason of death) shall be communicated by a written notice (a Notice of Termination) from one Party hereto to the other Party hereto (i) indicating the specific termination circumstances, (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executives employment, and (iii) specifying the Date of Termination (as defined below). The failure by the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination all of the facts and circumstances which contribute to a showing of Cause (as defined in the Severance Plan, as defined below) shall not waive any right of the Company hereunder or preclude the Company from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing its rights hereunder.

4

(c)

Termination Date. For purposes of this Agreement, Date of Termination shall mean the date of the termination of Executives employment with the Company, which, if Executives employment is terminated as a result of Executives death, will be the date of Executives death, and otherwise shall be the date specified in a Notice of Termination. 

(d)

Deemed Resignation. Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and board memberships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates, and, at the Companys request, Executive shall execute such documents as are necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations.

(e)

Executives Obligations upon Termination.

(i)

Cooperation. Executive shall provide Executives reasonable cooperation in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action or proceeding) which relates to events occurring during Executives employment hereunder; provided the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Executive with respect to any such cooperation and reimburse Executive for Executives reasonable costs and expenses (including legal counsel selected by Executive and reasonably acceptable to the Company) and such cooperation shall not unreasonably burden Executive or unreasonably interfere with any subsequent employment that Executive may undertake.

(ii)

Return of Company Property. Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that all Personal Property (as defined below) and equipment furnished to, or prepared by, Executive in the course of, or incident to, Executives employment, belongs to the Company and shall be promptly returned to the Company upon termination of Executives employment (and will not be kept in Executives possession or delivered to anyone else). For purposes of this Agreement, Personal Property includes, without limitation, all books, manuals, records, reports, notes, contracts, lists, blueprints, and other documents, or materials, or copies thereof (including computer files), keys, building card keys, company credit cards, telephone calling cards, computer hardware and software, laptop computers, docking stations, cellular and portable telephone equipment, personal digital assistant (PDA) devices and all other proprietary information relating to the business of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Following termination, Executive shall not retain any written or other tangible material containing any proprietary information of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates. 

5.

Consequences of Termination.

(a)

Payments of Accrued Obligations upon any Termination of Employment. Upon a termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive (or Executives estate or legal representative, as applicable) shall be entitled to receive, within 30 days after Executives Date of Termination (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law): (i) any portion of Executives Annual Base Salary earned through Executives Date of Termination not theretofore paid, (ii) any expenses owed to Executive under Section 2(e), (iii) any accrued but unused paid time- off owed to Executive, and (iv) any amount arising from Executives participation in, or benefits under, any employee benefit plans, programs, or arrangements under Section 2, which amounts shall be payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of such employee benefit plans, programs, or arrangements. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 5(b), the payments and benefits described in this Section 5(a) shall be the only payments and benefits payable in the event of Executives termination of employment for any reason.

5

(b)

Severance Plan Participation. Executive and the Company are parties to that certain Change in Control and Severance Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, attached as Exhibit B hereto (the Severance Agreement), which provides for certain payment and benefits upon qualifying terminations of employment. Executive shall not be entitled to any other severance payments or benefits other than as set forth in the Severance Agreement, unless otherwise determined by the Board.

6.

Assignment and Successors.

The Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any of its affiliates or to any successor to all or substantially all of the business or the assets of the Company (by merger or otherwise). This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Executive and their respective successors, assigns, personnel and legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable. None of Executives rights or obligations may be assigned or transferred by Executive, other than Executives rights to payments hereunder, which may be transferred only by will or operation of law, or as otherwise provided herein.

7.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)

Restrictive Covenant Agreements; Right to Work. Executive hereby affirms Executives obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement. The Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Executives employment with the Company for the applicable period(s) set forth therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. As a condition of Executives employment with the Company, Executive is required to provide evidence of Executives identity and eligibility for employment in the United States.

(b)

Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with its express terms, and otherwise in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of California without reference to the principles of conflicts of law of the State of California or any other jurisdiction that would result in application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of California, and where applicable, the laws of the United States.

(c)

Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

(d)

Notices. Any notice, request, claim, demand, document and other communication hereunder to any Party shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by facsimile or certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, as follows:

(i)

If to the Company, to the Board of the Company at the Companys headquarters,

(ii)

If to Executive, to the last address that the Company has in its personnel records for Executive, or

(iii)

At any other address as any Party shall have specified by notice in writing to the other Party.

6

(e)

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures delivered by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed effective for all purposes.

(f)

Entire Agreement. The terms of this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement, the Severance Agreement, any indemnification agreement between the Company and Executive and any equity award agreement between the Company and Executive are intended by the Parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, including without limitation any prior employment agreement or offer letter between Executive and the Company. The Parties further intend that this Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of their terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this Agreement.

(g)

Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by Executive and a duly authorized representative of the Company. By an instrument in writing similarly executed, Executive or a duly authorized representative of the Company may waive compliance by the other Party with any specifically identified provision of this Agreement that such other Party was or is obligated to comply with or perform; provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity.

(h)

No Inconsistent Actions. The Parties hereto shall not voluntarily undertake or fail to undertake any action or course of action inconsistent with the provisions or essential intent of this Agreement. Furthermore, it is the intent of the Parties hereto to act in a fair and reasonable manner with respect to the interpretation and application of the provisions of this Agreement.

(i)

Construction. This Agreement shall be deemed drafted equally by both the Parties. Its language shall be construed as a whole and according to its fair meaning. Any presumption or principle that the language is to be construed against any Party shall not apply. The headings in this Agreement are only for convenience and are not intended to affect construction or interpretation. Any references to paragraphs, subparagraphs, sections or subsections are to those parts of this Agreement, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary. Also, unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, (i) the plural includes the singular and the singular includes the plural; (ii) and and or are each used both conjunctively and disjunctively; (iii) any, all, each, or every means any and all, and each and every; (iv) includes and including are each without limitation; (v) herein, hereof, hereunder and other similar compounds of the word here refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular paragraph, subparagraph, section or subsection; and (vi) all pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine, neuter, singular or plural as the identity of the entities or persons referred to may require.

(j)

Enforcement. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the Term, such provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a portion of this Agreement; and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance from this Agreement. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable.

7

(k)

Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges that the Company is required to withhold. The Company shall be entitled to rely on an opinion of counsel if any questions as to the amount or requirement of withholding shall arise.

(l)

Whistleblower Protections and Trade Secrets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any United States governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 806 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation (including the right to receive an award for information provided to any such government agencies). Furthermore, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1833, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) Executive shall not be in breach of this Agreement, and shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (A) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (B) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; and (ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executives attorney, and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

(m)

Section 409A.

(i)

General. The intent of the Parties is that the payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date, (Section 409A) and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Company determines that any compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement may be subject to Section 409A, the Company shall work in good faith with Executive to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Company determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A, including, without limitation, actions intended to (i) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement from Section 409A, and/or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A; however, this Section 7(m) shall not create an obligation on the part of the Company to adopt any such amendment, policy or procedure or take any such other action, nor shall the Company (A) have any liability for failing to do so, or (B) incur or indemnify Executive for any taxes, interest or other liabilities arising under or by operation of Section 409A.

(ii)

Expense Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursements under this Agreement are subject to Section 409A, any such reimbursements payable to Executive shall be paid to Executive no later than December 31st of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred; provided, that Executive submits Executives reimbursement request promptly following the date the expense is incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, other than medical expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Code, and Executives right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

8

(iii)

Installments. For purposes of Section 409A, Executives right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each such installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment as permitted under Section 409A.

8.

Executive Acknowledgement.

Executive acknowledges that Executive has read and understands this Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, has not acted in reliance upon any representations or promises made by the Company other than those contained in writing herein, and has entered into this Agreement freely based on Executives own judgment.

[Signature Page Follows]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written.

CORSAIR GAMING, INC.

By: /s/ George Majoros 

Name: George Majoros

Title: Chairman of the Board

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Thi La__________________

Thi La

Attachments:

Exhibit A Current Service

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

CURRENT SERVICE

None

Exhibit A Current Service

EXHIBIT B

CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into by and between Thi La (Executive) and Corsair Gaming, Inc. (the Company), effective as of July 1, 2025 or such other date specified by the Company, but subject to that certain employment agreement by and between Executive and the Company dated as of [____], 2025 becoming effective (the Effective Date).

Background

A.

The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) recognizes that the possibility of an acquisition of the Company or an involuntary termination can be a distraction to Executive and can cause Executive to consider alternative employment opportunities. The Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of such an event.

B.

The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to provide Executive with an incentive to continue Executives employment and to motivate Executive to maximize the value of the Company upon a Change in Control (as defined below) for the benefit of its stockholders.

C.

The Board believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with severance benefits upon certain terminations of Executives service to the Company that enhance Executives financial security and provide incentive and encouragement to Executive to remain with the Company notwithstanding the possibility of such an event.

D.

Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 9 below.

Agreement

The parties hereto agree as follows:

1.

Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and terminate upon the date that all obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied.

2.

At-Will Employment. The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executives employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. Except as provided in Section 3 and 4 below, if Executives employment terminates for any reason, Executive shall not be entitled to any severance payments, benefits or compensation other than as provided in this Agreement.

3.

Covered Termination Outside a Change in Control Period. If Executive experiences a Covered Termination outside a Change in Control Period, then, subject to (i) Executive delivering to the Company an executed general release of all claims against the Company and its affiliates in the form attached as Appendix 1 hereto (a Release of Claims) that becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

1

with Section 14(a)(v) below, or such shorter period of time specified by the Company, following such Covered Termination and (ii) Executives continued compliance with Section 12 below, then in addition to any accrued but unpaid salary, benefits, vacation and expense reimbursements through the Termination Date payable in accordance with the applicable law, the Company shall provide Executive with the following:

(a)

Severance. During the period of time commencing on the Termination Date and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Termination Date, the Company shall continue to pay Executive her base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date. Such payments shall be made in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices, less applicable withholdings, beginning on the first payroll date following the date the Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 14(a)(v) below, and with the first installment including any amounts that would have been paid had the Release of Claims been effective and irrevocable on the Termination Date.

(b)

Target Bonus. Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to one hundred (100%) of Executives target annual bonus, assuming achievement of performance goals at one hundred percent (100%) of target, at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date payable in a cash lump sum, less applicable withholdings, on the first payroll date following the date the Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 14(a)(v) below.

(c)

Continued Healthcare. If Executive timely elects to receive continued healthcare coverage pursuant to the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA), the Company shall directly pay, or reimburse Executive for, the premium for Executive and Executives covered dependents through the earlier of the (i) twelve (12) month anniversary of the Termination Date and (ii) the date Executive and Executives covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), or (ii) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive under its group health plans without penalty under applicable law (including without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in either case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall thereafter be paid to Executive in substantially equal monthly installments. After the Company ceases to pay premiums pursuant to this Section 3(b), Executive may, if eligible, elect to continue healthcare coverage at Executives expense in accordance with the provisions of COBRA. Executive shall notify the Company immediately if Executive becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent employer.

4.

Covered Termination During a Change in Control Period. If Executive experiences a Covered Termination during a Change in Control Period, then, subject to (i) Executive delivering to the Company an executed Release of Claims that becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 14(a)(v) below, or such shorter period of time specified by the. Company, following such Covered Termination and (ii) Executives continued compliance with Section 12 below, then in addition to any accrued but unpaid salary, benefits, vacation and expense reimbursements through the Termination Date payable in accordance with applicable law, the Company shall provide Executive with the following:

(a)

Severance. Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to (i) twenty-four (24) months of Executives base salary and (ii) two hundred (200%) of Executives target annual 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

2

bonus, assuming achievement of performance goals at one hundred percent (100%) of target. In each case, at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date payable in a cash lump sum, less applicable withholdings, on the first payroll date following the date the Release of Claims becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with Section 14(a)(v) below.

(b)

Continued Healthcare. If Executive timely elects to receive continued healthcare coverage pursuant to the provisions of COBRA, the Company shall directly pay, or reimburse Executive for, the premium for Executive and Executives covered dependents through the earlier of (i) twenty four (24) month anniversary of the Termination Date and (ii) the date Executive and Executives covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employers plan(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if any plan pursuant to which such benefits are provided is not, or ceases prior to the expiration of the period of continuation coverage to be, exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5), or (ii) the Company is otherwise unable to continue to cover Executive under its group health plans without penalty under applicable law (including without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then, in either case, an amount equal to each remaining Company subsidy shall thereafter be paid to Executive in substantially equal monthly installments. After the Company ceases to pay premiums pursuant to this Section 4(b), Executive may, if eligible, elect to continue healthcare coverage at Executives expense in accordance with the provisions of COBRA. Executive shall notify the Company immediately if Executive becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent employer.

(c)

Equity Awards. Each outstanding and unvested equity award (excluding any such awards that vest in whole or in part based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions), including, without limitation, each restricted stock, stock option, restricted stock unit and stock appreciation right, held by Executive shall automatically become vested and, if applicable, exercisable and any forfeiture restrictions or rights of repurchase thereon shall immediately lapse (excluding any such awards that vest in whole or in part based on the attainment of performance-vesting conditions, which shall be governed by the terms of the applicable award agreement), as of immediately prior to the Termination Date.

5.

Certain Reductions. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall reduce Executives severance benefits under this Agreement, in whole or in part, by any other severance benefits, pay in lieu of notice, or other similar benefits payable to Executive by the Company in connection with Executives termination, including but not limited to payments or benefits pursuant to any applicable legal requirement, including, without limitation, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act. or (b) any other Company agreement, arrangement, policy or practice relating to Executives termination of employment with the Company. The benefits provided under this Agreement are intended to satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, any and all statutory obligations that may arise out of Executives termination of employment. Such reductions shall be applied on a retroactive basis, with severance benefits paid first in time being recharacterized as payments pursuant to the Companys statutory obligation.

6.

Deemed Resignation. Upon termination of Executives service for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all offices and directorships, if any, then held with the Company or any of its affiliates, and, at the Companys request, Executive shall execute such documents as are necessary or desirable to effectuate such resignations.

7.

Other Terminations. If Executives employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than due to a Covered Termination, then Executive shall not be entitled to any benefits hereunder other than accrued but unpaid salary, vacation and expense reimbursements through the 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

3

Termination Date in accordance with the applicable law and to elect any continued healthcare coverage as may be required under COBRA or similar state law.

8.

Limitation on Payments. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or distribution Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (Payment) would (a) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (b) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax), then such Payment shall either be (i) delivered in full, or (ii) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the largest payment, notwithstanding that all or some portion the Payment may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. The Company will select an adviser with experience in performing calculations regarding the applicability of Section 280G of the Code and the Excise Tax, provided, that the advisers determination shall be made based upon substantial authority within the meaning of Section 6662 of the Code to perform the foregoing calculations. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such adviser required to be made hereunder. The adviser shall provide its calculations to the Company and Executive within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which Executives right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company. Any good faith determinations of the adviser made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. Any reduction in payments or benefits pursuant to this Section 8 will occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments; (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards other than stock options; (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options; and (4) reduction of other benefits payable to Executive.

9.

Definitions. The following terms used in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:

(a)

Cause means: (i) Executives failure substantially to perform Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company or deliberate violation of a Company policy; (ii) Executives commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty or any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the Company; (iii) unauthorized use or disclosure by Executive of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of Executives relationship with the Company; or (iv) Executives willful and material breach of any of Executives obligations under this Agreement or any other written agreement or covenant with the Company.

(b)

Change in Control has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Companys 2020 Incentive Award Plan; provided, that such transaction must also constitute a change in control event within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5); providedfurther that a Change in Control for the purpose of this Agreement shall not be deemed to have occurred if a sale of Common Stock results in EagleTree beneficially owning and controlling, directly or indirectly, less than 50% of the Common Stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis (for the avoidance of doubt, this proviso shall not apply to a transaction where substantially all of the Common Stock held by EagleTree and other Common Stock holders are sold pursuant to a definitive agreement of merger or a similar instrument).

(c)

Change in Control Period means the period of time commencing with the consummation of a Change in Control and ending on the twelve (12) month anniversary of such Change in Control.

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

4

(d)

Common Stock means the Companys common stock, par value.

(e)

Covered Termination means the termination of Executives employment by the Company other than for Cause, or the Executive for Good Reason, in each case that, to the extent necessary, constitutes a Separation from Service.

(f)

EagleTree means Corsair Group (Cayman) LP.

(g)

Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following conditions without Executives express written consent:

(i)

a material reduction (defined as greater than a 10% reduction) in Executives base salary or target bonus, but excluding reductions in connection with an across-the-board reduction of all similarly situated employees base salaries and/or bonuses by a percentage at least equal to the percentage by which Executives base salary is reduced;

(ii)

a material diminution in Executives authority, duties or responsibilities; provided, however, that a reduction in Executives authority, duties and/or responsibilities by virtue of the fact that the Company has become part of a larger organization in connection with a Change in Control shall not by itself constitute grounds for a termination for Good Reason as long as Executive retains substantially the same authority, duties and responsibilities of a division, subsidiary or business unit that constitutes substantially the business of the Company; or

(iii)

a relocation of Executives principal place of employment of more than fifty (50) miles from Executives principal place of employment immediately prior to such change, except for required travel on the Companys business to an extent substantially consistent with Executives business travel obligations immediately prior to such change.

For a termination to qualify as a termination for Good Reason, Executive must notify the Company in writing of termination for Good Reason, specifying the event constituting Good Reason, within 90 days after Executive first becomes aware of the event that Executive believes constitutes Good Reason. Failure for any reason to give written notice of termination of employment for Good Reason in accordance with the foregoing will be deemed a waiver of the right to terminate Executives employment for that Good Reason event. The Company will have a period of 30 days after receipt of Executives notice in which to cure the Good Reason. If the Good Reason event is cured within this period, Executive will not be entitled to terminate Executives employment for Good Reason. If the Company waives its right to cure or does not, within the 30-day period, cure the Good Reason event, Executive may terminate Executives employment for Good Reason within 60 days following the earlier of the date on which the Company waives its right to cure or the end of the cure period. If Executive does not terminate Executives employment within such 60-day period, Executive will waive Executives right to terminate Executives employment for that Good Reason event.

(h)

Separation from Service means a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder.

(i)

Termination Date means the date on which Executive experiences a Covered Termination.

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

5

10.

Successors.

(a)

Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys business or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes under this Agreement, the term Companyshall include any successor to the Companys business or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 10(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law.

(b)

Executives Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executives personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

11.

Notices. Any notices provided hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon the earlier of personal delivery (including personal delivery by facsimile), delivery by email or the third day after mailing by first class mail, to the Company at its primary office location and to Executive at Executives address as listed in the Companys books and records.

12.

Confidentiality; Non-Disparagement.

(a)

Confidentiality. Executive hereby expressly confirms Executives continuing obligations to the Company pursuant to Executives Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement with the Company.

(b)

Non-Solicitation. Executive agrees that while Executive services as an employee of the Company and for two (2) years thereafter, Executive shall not, either directly or through others, solicit or attempt to solicit any employee, independent contractor, consultant or other service provider of the Company to terminate his or her relationship with the Company in order to become an employee, consultant, independent contractor or other service provider to or for any other person or entity.

(c)

Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees that Executive shall not disparage or defame the Company, its affiliates and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, partners, stockholders or employees, either publicly or privately. Nothing in this Section 12(b) shall apply to any evidence or testimony required by any court, arbitrator or government agency; nor shall anything herein prevent Employee from discussing terms and conditions of Employees employment with the Company, as permitted by the National Labor Relations Act and California law, including but not limited to discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Employee has reason to believe is unlawful, or communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice.

(d)

Whistleblower Protections and Trade Secrets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prohibits Executive from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any United States governmental agency or entity in accordance with the provisions of and rules promulgated under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

6

806 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, or any other whistleblower protection provisions of state or federal law or regulation (including the right to receive an award for information provided to any such government agencies). Furthermore, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1833, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (i) Executive shall not be in breach of this Agreement, and shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law (A) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (B) for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal; and (ii) if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executives attorney, and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

13.

Dispute Resolution. Unless otherwise prohibited by law or specified below, all disputes, claims and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or relating to this Agreement or to Executives employment or the termination thereof (each, a Claim) shall be resolved solely and exclusively by final and binding arbitration held in Alameda County, California through JAMS under its Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures, which are available at www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration. The arbitrator shall: (a) provide adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute; and (b) issue a written arbitration decision, including the arbitrators essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. Except to the extent of filing fees Executive would incur were the matter to be litigated in court, the Company shall be responsible for the JAMS administrative fees and the arbitrators fees and costs. The arbitrator shall award the prevailing party attorneys fees and expert fees, if any, only as provided for under applicable California law. The parties agree to abide by all decisions and awards rendered in such proceedings. Such decisions and awards rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and conclusive. All such controversies, claims or disputes shall be settled in this manner in lieu of any action at law or equity; provided, however,that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as precluding the bringing of an action for injunctive relief or specific performance as provided in this Agreement or the Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement. This dispute resolution process and any arbitration hereunder shall be confidential and neither any party nor the neutral arbitrator shall disclose the existence, contents or results of such process without the prior written consent of all parties, except where necessary or compelled in a court to enforce this arbitration provision or an award from such arbitration or otherwise in a legal proceeding. Executive and the Company understand that by agreeing to arbitrate any claim pursuant to this Section 13, they will not have the right to have any claim decided by a jury or a court, but shall instead have any claim decided through arbitration. Executive and the Company waive any constitutional or other right to bring claims covered by this Agreement other than in their individual capacities. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, the foregoing waiver includes the ability to assert claims as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive and the Company each have the right to resolve any issue or dispute over intellectual property rights by court action instead of arbitration.

14.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

(a)

Section 409A.

(i)

Separation from Service. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no amount constituting deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

7

be payable pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 above unless Executives termination of employment constitutes a Separation from Service.

(ii)

Specified Employee. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed at the time of Executives Separation from Service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of Executives benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of Executives Separation from Service or (B) the date of Executives death. Upon the first business day following the expiration of the applicable Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) period, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section 14(a)(ii) shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive (or Executives estate or beneficiaries), and any remaining payments due to Executive under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

(iii)

Expense Reimbursements. To the extent that any reimbursements payable pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, any such reimbursements payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to Executive no later than December 31st of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, other than medical expenses referred to in Section 105(b) of the Code, and Executives right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

(iv)

Installments. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executives right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each such installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment.

(v)

Release. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any payments due under this Agreement as a result of Executives termination of employment are subject to Executives execution and delivery of a Release of Claims, (A) the Company shall deliver the Release of Claims to Executive within ten business days following Executives Termination Date, and the Companys failure to deliver a Release of Claims prior to the expiration of such ten (10) business day period shall constitute a waiver of any requirement to execute a Release of Claims, (B) if Executive fails to execute the Release of Claims on or prior to the Release Expiration Date (as defined below) or timely revokes Executives acceptance of the Release of Claims thereafter, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits otherwise conditioned on the Release of Claims, and (C) in any case where Executives Termination Date and the Release Expiration Date fall in two separate taxable years, any payments required to be made to Executive that are conditioned on the Release of Claims and are treated as nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code shall be made in the later taxable year. For purposes hereof, Release Expiration Date shall mean (1) if Executive is under 40 years old as of the Termination Date, the date that is fourteen (14) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the Release of Claims to Executive, or such shorter time prescribed by the Company, and (2) if Executive is 40 years or older as of the Termination Date, the date that is twenty-one (21) days following the date upon which the Company timely delivers the Release of Claims to Executive, or, if Executives termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

8

the date that is forty five (45) days following such delivery date. To the extent that any payments of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) due under this Agreement as a result of Executives termination of employment are delayed pursuant to this Section 14(a)(v), such amounts shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the date that Executive executes and does not revoke the Release of Claims (and the applicable revocation period has expired) or, in the case of any payments subject to Section 45(a)(v)(C), on the first payroll date to occur in the subsequent taxable year, if later.

(b)

Withholding. The Company shall be entitled to withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement any federal, state, local, or foreign withholding or other taxes or charges which the Company is required to withhold.

(c)

Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized member of the Company (other than Executive). A waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(d)

Whole Agreement. This Agreement, that certain employment agreement by and between Executive and the Company and the Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement represent the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior promises, arrangements and understandings regarding the same, whether written or unwritten, including, without limitation, any severance or change in control benefits in Executives equity award agreement or previously approved by the Board.

(e)

Choice of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.

(f)

Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein.

(g)

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

(h)

Executive Acknowledgement. Executive acknowledges that (i) Executive has consulted with or has had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of Executives own choice concerning this Agreement, and has been advised to do so by the Company, and (ii) that Executive has read and understands the Agreement, is fully aware of its legal effect, and has entered into it freely based on Executives own judgment.

The parties have executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the dates set forth below.

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

9

CORSAIR GAMING, INC.

By: /s/ George Majoros 

Title: Chairman of the Board

Date: February 11, 2025 

THI LA

/s/ Thi La 

Date: February 11, 2025 

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

10

Appendix 11

Release of Claims

This Release of Claims (Release) is entered into as of _________________, 20__, between Thi La (Executive) and Corsair Gaming, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and, together with Executive, the Parties), effective eight (8) days after Executives signature hereto (the Effective Date), unless Executive revokes his acceptance of this Release as provided in Paragraph 2(c), below. This Release is being executed in connection with the terms of Change in Control and Severance Agreement between the Parties, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined therein) (the Severance Agreement), which is incorporated herein by reference.

1.

Termination of Employment. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that Executives employment, including her service in all positions that Executive held as an officer of the Company and as a member of the Companys board of directors, ended effective as of [________] (the Termination Date). The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive is entitled to receive, and has received, payment of an amount equal to all accrued wages (including base salary and earned bonus compensation but only to the extent payable in accordance with the Employment Agreement, as defined below) earned through the Termination Date, including accrued vacation, less applicable withholding, as well as reimbursement for all expenses incurred by Executive on behalf of the Company, which are consistent with the Companys policies in effect from time to time with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Companys requirements with respect to reporting and documenting such expenses.

2.

Executives Release of the Company. Executive understands that by agreeing to this Release, Executive is agreeing not to sue, or otherwise file any claim against, the Company or any of its employees or other agents for any reason whatsoever based on anything that has occurred as of the date Executive signs this Release.

(a)

In exchange for the consideration set forth in Section [3 OR 4] of the Severance Agreement, on behalf of Executive and Executives heirs and assigns, Executive hereby release and forever discharge the Releasees hereunder, consisting of the Company, and each of its owners, directors, officers, managers, employees, agents and insurers, and all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with them, or any of them, of and from any and all manner of action or actions, cause or causes of action, in law or in equity, suits, debts, liens, contracts, agreements, promises, liability, claims, demands, damages, loss, cost or expense, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent (hereinafter called Claims), which Executive now has or may hereafter have against the Releasees, or any of them, by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever from the beginning of time to the date hereof, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any Claims arising directly or indirectly out of, relating to, or in any other way involving in any manner whatsoever Executives employment by the Company or the separation thereof, including without limitation any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local laws relating to employment, claims of any kind that may be brought in any court or administrative agency, any claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), as amended, 29 U.S.C. 621, et seq.; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Civil Rights Act of 1991, 42 U.S.C. 2000 et seq., the Equal Pay Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 206(d), the Civil Rights Act of 1866, 42 U.S.C. 1981, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. 2601 et seq., the Americans with 

1 NTD: To be updated for any changes in applicable law and any group termination as defined under applicable labor law.

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

Appendix 1- 1

Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq., Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq., the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 2101 et seq., the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. 215 et seq., the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the California Business & Professions Code, including Section 17200 et seq., the California Government Code, including the Fair Employment and Housing Act, as amended, Cal. Govt Code 12940 et seq., the Moore-Brown-Roberti Family Rights Act of 1991, Cal. Govt Code 12945.2, 19702.3, and the California False Claims Act, Cal. Govt Code 12650 et seq.; the California Labor Code, including the California Equal Pay Law, as amended, Cal. Lab. Code 1197.5(a), and 1199.5, the California WARN Act, Cal. Lab. Code 1400 et seq., the California Wage Orders; Claims arising in tort, including for wrongful dismissal or discharge, discrimination, harassment, retaliation, fraud, misrepresentation, defamation, libel, infliction of emotional distress, violation of public policy; Claims arising in contract, including for breach of contract and/or breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and Claims for damages or other remedies of any sort, including, without limitation, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief and attorneys fees.

(b)

Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Executive does not release the following claims:

(i)

Claims to enforce this Release; 

(ii)

Claims for unemployment compensation or any state disability insurance benefits pursuant to the terms of applicable state law; 

(iii)

Claims for workers compensation insurance benefits under the terms of any workers compensation insurance policy or fund of the Company;

(iv)

Claims to continued participation in certain of the Companys group benefit plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of COBRA;

(v)

Claims to any benefit entitlements vested as the date of Employees employment termination, pursuant to written terms of any Company employee benefit plan;

(vi)

Claims for indemnification under any indemnification agreement (including the any indemnification agreement with the Company), the Companys governing documents, California Labor Code Section 2802 or any other applicable law; and

(vii)

Claims that cannot be released by law, including, (A) Executives right to bring to the attention of the Equal Employment Opportunity or California Civil Rights Department claims of discrimination, harassment, interference with leave rights, and retaliation; provided, however, that Executive does release Executives right to secure damages for any such alleged treatment, and (B) Executives right to communicate directly with, cooperate with, or provide information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice.

(c)

In accordance with the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, Executive has been advised of the following:

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

Appendix 1- 2

(i)

Executive has the right to consult with an attorney before signing this Release;

(ii)

Executive has been given at least [twenty-one (21) OR forty-five (45)] days to consider this Release; and

(iii)

Executive has seven (7) days after signing this Release to revoke it, and Executive will not receive the severance benefits provided by Section [3 OR 4] of the Severance Agreement unless and until such seven (7) day period has expired. If Executive wishes to revoke this Release, Executive must deliver notice of Executives revocation in writing, no later than 11:59 p.m. P.T. on the 7th day following Executives execution of this Release to the Companys Board of Directors.

(d)

EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.

BEING AWARE OF SAID CODE SECTION, EXECUTIVE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS EXECUTIVE MAY HAVE THEREUNDER, AS WELL AS UNDER ANY OTHER STATUTES OR COMMON LAW PRINCIPLES OF SIMILAR EFFECT.

3.

Executive Representations. Executive represents and warrants that:

(a)

Executive has returned to the Company all Company property in Executives possession in accordance with Section 4(e)(ii) of that certain Employment Agreement by and between the Parties, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined therein) (the Employment Agreement);

(b)

Executive is not owed wages, commissions, bonuses or other compensation, other than wages through the date of the termination of Executives employment and any accrued, unused vacation earned through such date, and any severance payments that become due or that are payable under Section [3 OR 4] of the Severance Agreement;

(c)

During the course of Executives employment Executive did not sustain any injuries for which Executive might be entitled to compensation pursuant to workers compensation law or Executive has disclosed any injuries of which Executive is currently, reasonably aware for which Executive might be entitled to compensation pursuant to workers compensation law; and

(d)

Executive has not initiated any adversarial proceedings of any kind against the Company or against any other person or entity released herein, nor will Executive do so in the future, except as specifically allowed by this Release.

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

Appendix 1- 3

4.

Protected Rights. Nothing in this Agreement (a) prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that Executive has reason to believe is unlawful, (b) limits Executives ability to exercise rights under Section 7 of the NLRA or similar state law to engage in protected, concerted activity with other employees, or (c) prevents Executive from communicating with, filing a charge or complaint with; providing documents or information voluntarily or in response to a subpoena or other information request to; or from participating in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, law enforcement, or any other any federal, state or local agency charged with the enforcement of any laws, or from responding to a subpoena or discovery request in court litigation or arbitration.

5.

Acknowledgment of Continuing Obligations. Executive acknowledges and agrees to comply with all continuing obligations under Section 12 of the Severance Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees to comply with the continuing cooperation set forth in Section 4(e)(i) of the Employment Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the severance benefits provided in the Severance Agreement shall be subject to Executives continued compliance with Executives obligations under this Section 5.

6.

Severability. The provisions of this Release are severable. If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

7.

Choice of Law. This Release shall in all respects be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, without regard to conflicts of law principles.

8.

Integration Clause. This Release, the Employment Agreement and the Severance Agreement contain the Parties entire agreement with regard to the separation of Executives employment, and supersede and replace any prior agreements as to those matters, whether oral or written. This Release may not be changed or modified, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer or director of the Company.

9.

Execution in Counterparts. This Release may be executed in counterparts with the same force and effectiveness as though executed in a single document. Facsimile and electronic signatures shall have the same force and effectiveness as original signatures.

10.

Intent to be Bound. The Parties have carefully read this Release in its entirety; fully understand and agree to its terms and provisions; and intend and agree that it is final and binding on all Parties.

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

Appendix 1- 4

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the Parties have executed the foregoing on the dates shown below.

EXECUTIVE 

CORSAIR GAMING, INC.

/s/ Thi La____________ 

_______________________

Thi La 

By:

Title:

Date: February 11, 2025 

Date: __________________

Exhibit B Change in Control and Severance Agreement

Appendix 1- 5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>crsr-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Corsair Announces Planned Retirement of Founder and CEO Andy Paul and Appointment of Thi La as Companys Next CEO

MILPITAS, CA, February 12, 2025 Corsair Gaming, Inc. (Nasdaq: CRSR) (Corsair or the Company), a leading global provider and innovator of high-performance products for gamers, streamers, content-creators, and gaming PC builders, today announced the planned retirement of Andy Paul, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, from the company and its board effective July 1, 2025. As part of the planned transition, the board of directors appointed Thi La, currently Corsairs President and Chief Operating Officer, as Chief Executive Officer, effective July 1, 2025.

Ms. La, an experienced leader in the computer and gaming industries, joined Corsair in 2010, and played an instrumental role in growing Corsair from a $300 million company to where it is today. La oversaw the expansion of the companys product portfolio from a small range of DIY components, adding many gaming and streaming solutions to what is now a diverse gaming company with 30 different product lines. In December of 2021, La was appointed a member of Corsairs Board of Directors. She has served as Chief Operating Officer since August 2013, and President since January 2021. From May 2010 to August 2013, she held the position of Senior Vice President and General Manager of the gaming PC component unit. Before her tenure at Corsair, La was Vice President of Global Operations and IT at Opnext, Inc., and the North America Consumer PC Product Line Director at HP, responsible for over $3 billion in revenue. Ms. La holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from San Jose State University.

Andy Paul, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Corsair, commented, After 31 incredible years leading this company, it is with mixed emotions that I announce my retirement. It has been the honor of a lifetime to witness the growth, challenges, and successes weve shared together. I am immensely proud of the team weve built, and the remarkable milestones weve reached. As I step down, I am excited to welcome Thi La as Corsairs next CEO. Thi brings a wealth of experience, vision, and passion to this role, and I am confident she is the right leader to guide the company towards even greater achievements. I look forward to seeing all the remarkable growth and innovation that lies ahead.

George Majoros, Jr., Chairman of the Board of Directors of Corsair Gaming, Inc., said, Few people have single-handedly shaped a global industry in the way that Andy Paul has. On behalf of Corsairs entire Board of Directors and its employees, we thank Andy for his three decades of leadership and wish him well in his retirement. At the same time, we are excited to appoint Thi La to be the Companys next CEO effective July 1. We are confident that Thi is a proven executive with the track record and vision to lead Corsair into a new era of growth and innovation.

Thi La, President and COO of Corsair, said, I am honored the Board of Directors selected me to succeed Andy Paul as CEO, and I want to thank them for their confidence and support during this transition. Andy has achieved incredible success over the past 31 years, building Corsair into a global leader. I am personally thankful to him for his mentorship and support during my 14 year tenure with the company. My

passion is to make great products for our enthusiast consumers, and my goal is to put customers first while accelerating Corsairs growth. With our recent acquisition of Fanatec and the NVIDIA 5000 series launch, we are in a strong position to jump start the next phase of Corsairs growth.

Andy Paul and three other engineers founded Corsair in Silicon Valley in 1994. In the companys earliest years, Paul focused on building hardware for serious gamers like overclocking memory and other world-class DIY components. Under Pauls leadership and with Thi as President, Corsair expanded from hardware into peripherals through acquisitions and in-house innovation that have allowed the company to build leadership positions in new segments of the market.

About Corsair:

Corsair (Nasdaq: CRSR) is a leading global developer and manufacturer of high-performance products and technology for gamers, content creators, and PC enthusiasts. From award-winning PC components and peripherals, to premium streaming equipment and smart ambient lighting, Corsair delivers a full ecosystem of products that work together to enable everyone, from casual gamers to committed professionals, to perform at their very best. Corsair also sells products under its Fanatec brand, the leading end-to-end premium Sim Racing product line; Elgato brand, which provides premium studio equipment and accessories for content creators; SCUF Gaming brand, which builds custom-designed controllers for competitive gamers; Drop, the leading community-driven mechanical keyboard brand; and ORIGIN PC brand, a builder of custom gaming and workstation desktop PCs.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains express and implied forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the Companys financial outlook for the full year 2025; market headwinds and tailwinds, including its expectations regarding the gaming markets continued growth; new product launches, the entry into new product categories and demand for new products; the Companys ability to successfully close and integrate acquisitions and expectations regarding the growth of these acquisitions as well as their estimated impact on the Companys financial results in future periods and the size of markets and segments in the future. Forward-looking statements are based on our managements beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to them. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future financial and operating results and are not statements of fact, actual results may differ materially from those projected. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: the Companys limited operating history, which makes it difficult to forecast the Companys future results of operations; current macroeconomic conditions, including the impacts of high inflation and risk of recession, on demand for our products, consumer confidence and financial markets generally; the Companys ability to build and maintain the strength of the Companys brand among gaming and streaming enthusiasts and ability to continuously develop and successfully market new products and improvements to

existing products; the introduction and success of new third-party high-performance computer hardware, particularly graphics processing units and central processing units as well as sophisticated new video games; fluctuations in operating results; the loss or inability to attract and retain key management; the impacts from geopolitical events and unrest; delays or disruptions at the Company or third-parties manufacturing and distribution facilities; and the other factors described under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and our subsequent filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements reflect our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.

Investor Relations Contact:

Ronald van Veen

ir@corsair.com

510-578-1407 

Media Contact:

Timothy Biba

tbiba@soleburystrat.com

203-428-3222
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>crsr-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Corsair Gaming, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001743759

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-39533

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 82-2335306

Entity Address, Address Line One 115 N. McCarthy Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Milpitas

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95035

City Area Code (510)

Local Phone Number 657-8747

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name None

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol CRSR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://corsair.com/20250210/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

crsr-20250210.htm 
crsr-20250210.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-020196-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>crsr-20250210_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001743759 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

false 
0001743759 
Corsair Gaming, Inc. 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
DE 
001-39533 
82-2335306 
115 N. McCarthy Boulevard 
Milpitas 
CA 
95035 
(510) 
657-8747 
None 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
CRSR 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>