<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950103-25-002356.txt : 20250224
<SEC-HEADER>0000950103-25-002356.hdr.sgml : 20250224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250224163432
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-25-002356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250219
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Payoneer Global Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001845815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				861778671
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40547
		FILM NUMBER:		25657604

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 BROADWAY, 27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-600-9272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		195 BROADWAY, 27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Starship Parent, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210211
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dp225123_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000184581500018458152025-02-192025-02-19iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 24, 2025 (February 19, 2025)

Payoneer Global Inc. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 001-40547 86-1778671

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

195
Broadway, 27th Floor

New York, New York

10007

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (212) 600-9272

N/A 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share PAYO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (Sec.230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Sec.240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of
Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

(d) On February 19, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company (the
Board), approved an increase in the size of the Board from nine to ten members and appointed Barak Eilam as a director to
fill the vacancy created by the increase. Effective as of February 19, 2025, Mr. Eilam serves as a Class I director with a term expiring
at the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Mr. Eilam is expected to enter into the Companys standard form
of indemnification agreement, which was incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.4 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2024.

In connection with his appointment to the Board, Mr. Eilam will
receive an equity grant of restricted stock units that settle into shares of common stock
of the Company, which will vest on the date of the Companys 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, pursuant to the formula and
terms stipulated in the Companys Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, which was adopted on February
5, 2025 and is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.1 (the Director Compensation Plan). Mr. Eilam will be compensated in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Director Compensation Plan.

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Eilam and any
other person pursuant to which he was elected as a director of the Company and the Company has not entered into any transactions with
Mr. Eilam that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year 

On February 19, 2025, the Board amended the Amended and Restated Bylaws
of the Company, effective immediately, to increase the size of the Board to not more than 10 directors.

The foregoing summary of the amendment does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, a copy of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On February 24,
2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Mr. Eilam, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. The information
in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section,
and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company

Exhibit 10.1 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan

Exhibit 99.1 Press Release issued by Payoneer Global Inc., dated February 24, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PAYONEER GLOBAL INC.

February 24, 2025 By: /s/ John Caplan

Name: John Caplan

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dp225123_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

Payoneer Global Inc.

(the Corporation)

* * * * *

Article
1

Offices

Section 1.01. Registered Office. The
registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

Section 1.02. Other Offices. The
Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors of the
Corporation (the Board of Directors) may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

Section 1.03. Books. The
books of the Corporation may be kept within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine
or the business of the Corporation may require.

Article
2

Meetings of Stockholders

Section 2.01. Time and Place of Meetings. All
meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such
time as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors (or the Chair of the Board of Directors in the absence of a designation
by the Board of Directors).

Section 2.02. Annual Meetings. An
annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought
before the meeting. 

Section 2.03. Special Meetings. Subject
to the rights of the holders of any outstanding class or series of preferred stock of the Corporation, special meetings

of the stockholders may be called only by the Board of Directors acting
pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors.

Section 2.04. Notice of Meetings
and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice. (a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a
meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of
remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting,
and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (Delaware Law),
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation)
or these Bylaws, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote at such meeting. The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting to another
time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), and notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any,
and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote
at such meeting, are announced at the meeting at which such adjournment is made or provided in any other manner permitted by Delaware
Law. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If
the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the
adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

(b) A
written waiver of any such notice signed by the person entitled thereto, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled
to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at
a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting,
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business
transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 2.05. Quorum. Unless
otherwise provided under the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws and subject to Delaware Law, the presence, in person or by proxy,
of the holders of a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding securities of the Corporation generally entitled to vote at
a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If, however, such quorum shall not be
present or represented at any meeting of the

stockholders, the chair of the meeting or a majority in voting interest
of the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy may adjourn the meeting, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented
any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

Section 2.06. Voting. (a)Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation and subject to Delaware Law, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for
each outstanding share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder. Any share of capital stock of the Corporation
held by the Corporation shall have no voting rights. Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast
at the meeting on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Abstentions and broker non-votes shall not be counted
as votes cast. Subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock to elect additional directors
under specific circumstances, as may be set forth in the certificate of designations for such class or series of preferred stock, directors
shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy
at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors.

(b) Each
stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to a corporate action in writing without a
meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, appointed by an instrument in writing, subscribed
by such stockholder or by their attorney thereunto authorized, or by proxy sent by cable, telegram or by any means of electronic communication
permitted by law, which results in a writing from such stockholder or by their attorney, and delivered to the secretary of the meeting. No
proxy shall be voted after three years from its date, unless said proxy provides for a longer period.

Section 2.07. Action by Consent. Subject
to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock then outstanding, as may be set forth in the certificate of designations
for such class or series of preferred stock, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders
may be taken only upon the vote of stockholders at an annual or special meeting duly noticed and called in accordance with Delaware Law
and may not be taken by written consent of stockholders without a meeting.

Section 2.08. Organization. At
each meeting of stockholders, the Chair of the Board of Directors, if one shall have been elected, or in the Chairs absence or
if one shall not have been elected, the director designated by the vote of the

majority of the directors present at such meeting, shall act as chair
of the meeting. The Secretary (or in the Secretarys absence or inability to act, the person whom the chair of the meeting
shall appoint secretary of the meeting) shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

Section 2.09. Order of Business. The
order of business at all meetings of stockholders shall be as determined by the chair of the meeting.

Section 2.10. Nomination of Directors
and Proposal of Other Business.

(a) Annual
Meetings of Stockholders. (i) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors or the proposal of other business
to be transacted by the stockholders at an annual meeting of stockholders may be made only (A) pursuant to the Corporations notice
of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof duly authorized,
(C) as may be provided in the certificate of designations for any class or series of preferred stock or (D) by any stockholder of the
Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in paragraph (ii) of this Section 2.10(a)
and at the time of the annual meeting, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the procedures set forth in
this Section 2.10(a), and, except as otherwise required by law, any failure to comply with these procedures shall result in the
nullification of such nomination or proposal.

(ii) For
nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder pursuant to clause (D)
of paragraph (i) of this Section 2.10(a), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof
in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and any such proposed business (other than the nominations of persons for election to the
Board of Directors) must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall
be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not
less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders;
provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to such anniversary
date or delayed more than 70 days after such anniversary date then to be timely such notice must be received by the Corporation no earlier
than 120 days prior to such annual meeting and no later than the later of 70 days prior to the date of the meeting or the 10th
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting was first made by the Corporation. The minimum
timeliness requirements of this paragraph shall apply despite any different timeline described in Rule 14a-19 or

elsewhere in Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder), the Exchange Act), including with
respect to any statements or information required to be provided to the Corporation pursuant to Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act by a stockholder
and not otherwise specified herein. In no event shall the adjournment, recess or postponement of any meeting, or any announcement thereof,
commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. The number of
nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on its own behalf (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice
on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting on behalf of such
beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting.

Notwithstanding anything in this Section
2.10 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at an annual
meeting of stockholders is increased effective after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under this Section 2.10
and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships or specifying the size of
the increased Board of Directors at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting of stockholders,
a stockholders notice required by this Section 2.10 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any
new directorships created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to, and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of the Corporation not later than the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(iii) A
stockholders notice to the Secretary shall set forth:

(A) as to each person whom the stockholder
proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director:

(1) the
name, age, business address and residence address of such person;

(2) the
principal occupation or employment of such person;

(3) (i)
for each class or series, the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned (and
proof of any such beneficial ownership)

by such person and any affiliates or associates (each within
the meaning of Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act for purposes of these Bylaws) of such person, including any class or series
of stock of the Corporation that such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, has the right to acquire beneficial ownership
of, (ii) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially (and proof of any such beneficial
ownership) but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and number of such shares of each class or
series of capital stock held by each such nominee holder, including any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that such
nominee holder has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of, (iii) any agreement, arrangement, relationship or understanding (whether
written or oral) pursuant to which such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, has a right to vote any shares of any
security of the Corporation, (iv) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) (including, regardless
of the form of settlement, any derivative, long or short positions, profit interests, forwards, futures, swaps, options, warrants, convertible
securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by or
on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) that has been made, the effect or intent
of which is to create or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power
of, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to the Corporations securities, and (v)
any direct or indirect interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in any employment agreement,
collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement with the Corporation;

(4) all
information relating to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, that is required to be disclosed in solicitations
of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act;

(5) all
completed and signed questionnaires in the same form as those questionnaires required of the Corporations directors (which will
be provided to such person within 5 business days following a request therefor);

(6) a
statement that such person has read the Corporations Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct and Ethics and any other
Corporation policies and guidelines applicable to directors (which will be provided to such person within 5 business days following a
request therefor), and a written agreement from such person to adhere to the foregoing codes, policies and guidelines, as amended from
time to time, if he or she is elected as a director;

(7) an
executed agreement by such person: (i) consenting to serve as a director if elected and (if applicable) to being named in a proxy statement
and form of proxy relating to the meeting at which directors are to be elected, along with a representation that such person intends to
serve a full term as a director if elected, and (ii) that such person is not and will not become a party to (x) any direct or indirect
compensatory, payment or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with any other person or entity
other than the Corporation, in each case in connection with candidacy or service as a director of the Corporation (a Third-Party
Compensation Arrangement) that has not been fully disclosed to the Corporation prior to, or concurrently with, the submission
of the notice from the stockholder required by this Section 2.10, (y) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or
oral), including the amount of any payment or payments received or receivable thereunder, with any other person or entity as to how such
person would vote or act on any issue or question as a director (a Voting Commitment) that has not been fully disclosed
to the Corporation prior to, or concurrently with, the submission of the notice from the stockholder required by this Section 2.10 or
(z) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation,
with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law; and

(8) such
other information reasonably requested by the Corporation to determine whether such person is qualified under the Certificate of Incorporation,
these Bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any law or regulation applicable to the
Corporation to serve as a director and/or independent director of the Corporation;

(B) as to any other business that the
stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting: (1) a brief description of the business desired to be

brought before the meeting, (2) the text of the proposal
or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal
to amend these Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment); (3) the reasons for conducting such business; and (4) and any substantial
interest (within the meaning of Item 5 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made;

(C) as to the stockholder giving the
notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made:

(1) the
name and address of such stockholder (as they appear on the Corporations books) and any such beneficial owner;

(2) a
representation as to whether such stockholder or such beneficial owner has complied with all applicable legal requirements in connection
with its acquisition of shares or other securities of the Corporation;

(3) a
written agreement from such stockholder that it is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and
intends to appear in person or through a qualified representative (which means a person who has delivered to the Corporation before the
meeting written evidence that they are authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the
meeting of stockholders) to make such nomination or proposal;

(4) in
the case of a nomination, a written agreement from such stockholder (and such beneficial owner, if any) that it (or they) will not submit
any substitute nominations unless they are made within the time periods set forth in this Section 2.10 and the stockholder and the substitute
nominees will otherwise comply with this Section 2.10;

(5) in
the case of a nomination, a written agreement from such stockholder (and such beneficial owner, if any) that it (or they) has not, and
shall not, nominate a number of nominees (inclusive of substitutes)

that exceeds the number of directors to be elected at the
annual meeting; and

(6) 
a written agreement that such stockholder (and such beneficial owner, if any) shall (i) update and supplement the notice required by this
Section 2.10, if necessary, so that the information provided or required in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date
for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting, and as of the date that is 10 days prior to the meeting
or any adjournment or postponement thereof and (ii) deliver such update and supplement so that it is received by the Secretary at the
principal office of the Corporation not later than the later of (x) 5 business days after the record date for determining the
stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting or (y) 5 business days after the first public announcement of such record
date, in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date, and not later than 5 business days before the
meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the date that is
10 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement
as set forth in this Section 2.10 or any other section of these Bylaws shall not limit the Corporations rights with respect to
any deficiencies in any stockholders notice, extend any applicable deadlines under these Bylaws or enable or be deemed to permit
a stockholder who has previously submitted a stockholders notice under these Bylaws to amend or update any proposal or to submit
any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and/or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting
of stockholders;

(D) as to the stockholder giving the
notice, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, and, if such stockholder or beneficial owner
is an entity, each person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder or beneficial owner (any such individual
or control person, a Control Person and each person or entity contemplated by this clause (D), a Proposing
Party):

(1) for
each class or series, the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned (and
proof of any such beneficial ownership) by such Proposing Party, or any associates (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 promulgated under
the Exchange Act for purposes of these Bylaws) of such Proposing Party, including any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
that such Proposing Party, or any associates of such Proposing Party, has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of;

(2) the
name of each nominee holder of each class or series of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned beneficially (and proof of any
such beneficial ownership) but not of record by such Proposing Party, or any associates of such Proposing Party, and the number of such
shares of each class or series of capital stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, including any class or series of
capital stock of the Corporation that such nominee holder has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of; a description of any agreement,
arrangement, relationship or understanding (whether written or oral) pursuant to which such Proposing Party, or any associates of such
Proposing Party, has a right to vote any shares of any security of the Corporation;

(3) a
description of (i) any plans or proposals which any such Proposing Party may have with respect to securities of the Corporation that would
be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D (regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule
13D is applicable) and (ii) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) (including the identity of the parties
thereto) with respect to the nomination or other business between or among such Proposing Parties and any other parties, including without
limitation any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D (regardless
of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable), in each case as of the date the notice required by this Section 2.10
is delivered to the Corporation by the stockholder, or beneficial owner in such business, if any, presenting the nomination or other proposal;

(4) a
description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) (including, regardless of the form of settlement,
any derivative, long or short positions, profit interests, forwards, futures, swaps, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock
appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by or on behalf of, or
any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) that has been made, the effect or intent of which is to create
or mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proposing Party,
or any associates of such Proposing Party, with respect to the Corporations securities;

(5) a
written representation as to whether any Proposing Party, or any other participant as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange
Act, will engage in a solicitation with respect to such nomination or other business and, if so, whether such solicitation will be conducted
as an exempt solicitation under Rule 14a-2(b) of the Exchange Act, the name of each participant in such solicitation and the amount of
the cost of solicitation that has been and will be borne, directly or indirectly, by each participant in such solicitation and (x) in
the case of a proposal of business other than nominations, whether such person or group intends to deliver a proxy statement and form
of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporations voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal,
(y) in the case of any solicitation that is subject to Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, confirming that such person or group will deliver,
through means satisfying each of the conditions that would be applicable to the Corporation under either Exchange Act Rule 14a-16(a) or
Exchange Act Rule 14a-16(n), a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least sixty-seven percent (67%) of the voting power
of the Corporations stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and/or (z) whether such person or group intends
to otherwise solicit proxies or votes from holders in support of such proposal or nomination (for purposes of this clause (5), the term
holders shall include, in addition to stockholders of record, any

beneficial owners pursuant to Rule 14b-1 and Rule 14b-2 of
the Exchange Act);

(6) a
representation that promptly after any Proposing Party solicits the holders of the Corporations stock referred to in the representation
required under the preceding clause, and in any event no later than the 10th day before the annual meeting, such Proposing Party will
provide the Corporation with documents, which may take the form of a certified statement and documentation from a proxy solicitor, specifically
demonstrating that the necessary steps have been taken to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of such percentage of
the Corporations stock;

(7) any
direct or indirect interest of such Proposing Party, or any associates of such Proposing Party, in any contract (including, in any such
case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement) with the Corporation, or any affiliate of the
Corporation; and

(8) any
other information relating to such Proposing Party, or any associates of such Proposing Party, that would be required to be disclosed
in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies in support of such nominee or
proposal pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act.

(b) Special
Meetings of Stockholders. If the election of directors is included as business to be brought before a special meeting in
the Corporations notice of meeting, then nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at a special meeting of
stockholders may be made by any stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section
2.10(b) and at the time of the special meeting, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the procedures set
forth in this Section 2.10(b); provided that the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the special meeting
on its own behalf (or in the case of a stockholder giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees a stockholder
may nominate for election at the special meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected
as such special meeting. For nominations to be properly brought by a stockholder before a special meeting of stockholders pursuant to
this Section 2.10(b), the stockholder

must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of
the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive
offices of the Corporation (A) not earlier than 150 days prior to the date of the special meeting nor (B) later than the later of 120
days prior to the date of the special meeting and the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of
the special meeting was first made by the Corporation. A stockholders notice to the Secretary shall comply with the
notice requirements of Section 2.10(a)(iii). The minimum timeliness requirements of this paragraph shall apply despite any different
timeline described in Rule 14a-19 or elsewhere in Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, including with respect to any statements or information
required to be provided to the Corporation pursuant to Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act by a stockholder and not otherwise specified herein.
In no event shall the adjournment, recess or postponement of a special meeting, or any announcement thereof, commence a new time period
(or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above. Such notice of a stockholder shall include
the same information, representations, certifications and agreements that would be required if the stockholder were to make a nomination
in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 2.10, and such stockholder shall
be obligated to provide the same supplemental or additional information in connection with a special meeting of stockholders as required
pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 2.10 in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders.

(c) General. (i)
No person shall be eligible to be nominated by a stockholder to be elected or reelected at any meeting of stockholders to serve as a director
of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.10. No business proposed
by a stockholder shall be conducted at a stockholder meeting except in accordance with this Section 2.10.

(ii) Without
limiting any remedy available to the Corporation, and unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Board of
Directors or the chair of the meeting, a stockholder may not present nominations for director or business proposals at an annual or special
meeting of stockholders (and any such nominee shall be disqualified from standing for election), notwithstanding proxies or votes may
have been solicited and/or received with respect thereto, if such stockholder, any beneficial owner, any Proposing Party or any nominee
or substitute nominee for director: (A) acted contrary to any representation, statement, certification or agreement required by the applicable
provisions of these Bylaws; (B) otherwise failed to comply with these Bylaws or with any law, rule or regulation identified in these Bylaws,
including all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth
in this Section 2.10;

provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws
to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable
to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this Section 2.10; or (C) provided information to the
Corporation (whether required by these Bylaws or otherwise) that is false, misleading, inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if any Proposing Party (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under
the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee for election as a director of the Corporation and (ii) subsequently fails to comply
with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable
evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the
Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding
that the nominee is included as a nominee in the Corporations proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any
meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may
have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). Upon request by the Corporation, if any
Proposing Party provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such Proposing Party shall deliver to the
Corporation, no later than 5 business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule
14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

(iii) Compliance
with paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 2.10 shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or
submit other business (other than as provided in Section 2.10(c)(iv)). 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the notice requirements set forth herein with respect to the proposal of any business pursuant to this Section
2.10 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if such stockholder has submitted a proposal to the Corporation in compliance with Rule
14a-8 under the Exchange Act, and such stockholders proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the
Corporation to solicit proxies for the meeting of stockholders.

(v) Any
stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders in connection with any annual or special meeting of stockholders
must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use for solicitation by or on behalf of the Board
of Directors.

(vi) For
purposes of these Bylaws, business day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banks are closed in New
York City, New York; and close of business means 5:00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of the Corporation
on any calendar day, whether or not the day is a business day. 

Article
3

Directors

Section 3.01. General Powers. Except
as otherwise provided in Delaware Law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed
by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.02. Number, Election and
Term of Office. The Board of Directors shall consist of not less than seven nor more than ten directors, with the exact
number of directors to be determined from time to time solely by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. As
set forth in Article 6 of the Certificate of Incorporation, the directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class
II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be practicable, of one-third of the total number of directors
constituting the entire Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each director
shall serve for a term ending on the date of the third annual meeting of stockholders next following the annual meeting at which such
director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each director shall hold office until such directors successor
shall have been duly elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors
need not be stockholders.

Section 3.03. Quorum and Manner of
Acting. Unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws require a greater number, a majority of the Board of Directors
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors and, except as otherwise expressly
required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the act of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum
is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not
a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at
which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors may transact any

business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If
a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat shall adjourn the meeting, from
time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 3.04. Time and Place of Meetings. The
Board of Directors shall hold its meetings at such place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time as
may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors (or the Chair of the Board of Directors in the absence of a determination
by the Board of Directors).

Section 3.05. Annual Meeting. The
Board of Directors may meet for the purpose of organization, the election of officers and the transaction of other business, as soon as
practicable after each annual meeting of stockholders. Notice of such meeting need not be given. In the event such
annual meeting is not so held, the annual meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place, if any, either within or without
the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as shall be specified in a notice thereof given as hereinafter provided in Section
3.07 herein or in a waiver of notice thereof signed by any director who chooses to waive the requirement of notice.

Section 3.06. Regular Meetings. After
the place, if any, and time of regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall have been determined and notice thereof shall have been
once given to each member of the Board of Directors, regular meetings may be held without further notice being given.

Section 3.07. Special Meetings. Special
meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chair of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer and shall be called
by the Chair of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary, on the written request of three directors. Notice
of special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director at least 48 hours before the date of the meeting in such
manner as is determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.08. Committees. The
Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The
Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any
such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors,

shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board
of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed
to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (a)
approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to
the stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any Bylaw of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep
regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required.

Section 3.09. Action by Consent. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting
of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee,
as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission and any consent may be documented, signed and delivered in
any manner permitted by Section 116 of Delaware Law. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall
be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are
maintained.

Section 3.10. Telephonic Meetings. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated
by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or such committee, as the case may be, by means of
conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other,
and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 3.11. Resignation. Any
director may resign from the Board of Directors at any time by giving notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any
such notice must be in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary of the Corporation. The
resignation of any director shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time as shall be specified in such notice;
and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 3.12. Vacancies. Unless
otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, removal
or otherwise and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, except as otherwise required
by law, be filled solely by a majority of the directors then in office (although less than a quorum) or by the sole remaining director,
and each director so elected shall hold

office for a term that shall coincide with the term of the Class to
which such director shall have been elected. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held
in accordance with Delaware Law. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, when one or more directors
shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who
have so resigned, shall have the power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations
shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office as provided in the filling of the other vacancies.

Section 3.13. Removal. No
director may be removed from office by the stockholders except for cause with the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority
of the total voting power of all outstanding securities of the corporation generally entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class.

Section 3.14. Compensation. Unless
otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have authority to fix the compensation
of directors, including fees and reimbursement of expenses.

Section 3.15. Preferred Stock Directors. Notwithstanding
anything else contained herein, whenever the holders of one or more classes or series of preferred stock shall have the right, voting
separately as a class or series, to elect directors, the election, term of office, filling of vacancies, removal and other features of
such directorships shall be governed by the terms of the resolutions applicable thereto adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to
the Certificate of Incorporation, and such directors so elected shall not be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.02, 3.12
and 3.13 of this Article 3 unless otherwise provided therein.

Article
4

Officers

Section 4.01. Principal Officers. The
principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer and a Secretary who shall have the duty, among other things,
to record the proceedings of the meetings of stockholders and directors in a book, electronic or otherwise, kept for that purpose. The
Corporation may also have such other principal officers as the Board of Directors may in its discretion appoint from time to time as it
deems necessary or desirable. One person may hold the offices and perform the duties of any two or more of said offices.

Section 4.02. Appointment, Term of
Office and Remuneration. The principal officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board of Directors

in the manner determined by the Board of Directors. Each
such officer shall hold office until their successor is appointed, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. The
remuneration of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in any office shall be
filled in such manner as the Board of Directors shall determine.

Section 4.03. Subordinate Officers. In
addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 4.01 herein, the Corporation may have such other subordinate officers,
agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period as the Board of Directors
may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove
any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.

Section 4.04. Removal. Any
principal officer may be removed, with or without cause, at any time, by the Board of Directors.

Section 4.05. Resignations. Any
officer may resign at any time by giving notice to the Board of Directors (or to a principal officer if the Board of Directors has delegated
to such principal officer the power to appoint and to remove such officer). Any such notice must be in writing. The
resignation of any officer shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time as shall be specified in such notice;
and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 4.06. Powers and Duties. The
officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and perform such duties incident to each of their respective offices and such other
duties as may from time to time be conferred upon or assigned to them by the Board of Directors.

Article
5

CAPITAL STOCK

Section 5.01. Certificates for Stock;
Uncertificated Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors
may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares
or a combination of certificated and uncertificated shares. Any such resolution that shares of a class or series will only
be uncertificated shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Except
as otherwise required by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares and the rights and obligations of the
holders of shares represented by certificates of the same class and series shall be identical. Every holder of stock represented
by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate

signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chair or Vice Chair
of the Board of Directors, or the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of such Corporation representing
the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In
case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the
same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. A Corporation shall not
have power to issue a certificate in bearer form. 

Section 5.02. Transfer of Shares. Shares
of the stock of the Corporation may be transferred on the record of stockholders of the Corporation by the holder thereof or by such holders
duly authorized attorney upon surrender of a certificate therefor properly endorsed or upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from
the registered holder of uncertificated shares or by such holders duly authorized attorney and upon compliance with appropriate
procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form, unless waived by the Corporation.

Section 5.03. Authority for Additional
Rules Regarding Transfer. The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority to make all such rules and regulations
as they may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificated or uncertificated shares of the stock of the
Corporation, as well as for the issuance of new certificates in lieu of those which may be lost or destroyed, and may require of any stockholder
requesting replacement of lost or destroyed certificates, bond in such amount and in such form as they may deem expedient to indemnify
the Corporation, and/or the transfer agents, and/or the registrars of its stock against any claims arising in connection therewith.

Article
6

Indemnification

Section 6.01. Limited Liability. A
director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty
as a director to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

Section 6.02. Right to Indemnification. (a)
Each person (and the heirs, executors or administrators of such person) who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to,
or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or while an officer or director of the Corporation
is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and held

harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article 6 shall also include the right to be paid by the Corporation
the expenses incurred in connection with any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition to the fullest extent authorized by applicable
law. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article 6 shall be a contract right, provided, however,
that, except with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses or with respect to any compulsory
counterclaim brought by such indemnitee, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part
thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors.

(b) The
Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors, provide indemnification to such of the employees and agents of the Corporation to
such extent and to such effect as the Board of Directors shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by applicable law.

Section 6.03. Insurance. The
Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or
agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss incurred by such person in any
such capacity or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such
person against such liability under applicable law. 

Section 6.04. Nonexclusivity of Rights. The
rights and authority conferred in this Article 6 shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may otherwise have or
hereafter acquire.

Section 6.05. Preservation of Rights. Neither
the amendment nor repeal of this Article 6, nor the adoption of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws,
nor, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any modification of law, shall adversely affect any right or protection of any
person granted pursuant hereto existing at, or arising out of or related to any event, act or omission that occurred prior to, the time
of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification (regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof) relating to such event, act or
omission arises or is first threatened, commenced or completed).

Article
7

General Provisions

Section 7.01. Fixing the Record Date. (a)
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing such record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such
meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on
or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board
of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the
close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the
day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or
to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided that the Board of Directors may in
its discretion or as required by law fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting,
and in such case shall fix the same date or an earlier date as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting.

(b) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If
no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day
on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 7.02. Dividends. Subject
to limitations contained in Delaware Law and the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends upon
the shares of capital stock of the Corporation, which dividends may be paid either in cash, in property or in shares of the capital stock
of the Corporation.

Section 7.03. Year. The
fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on January 1 and end on December 31 of each year.

Section 7.04. Corporate Seal. The
corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words Corporate Seal,
Delaware. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or otherwise reproduced.

Section 7.05. Voting of Stock Owned
by the Corporation. The Board of Directors may authorize any person, on behalf of the Corporation, to attend, vote at and
grant proxies to be used at any meeting of stockholders of any corporation (except this Corporation) in which the Corporation may hold
stock.

Section 7.06. Amendments. These
Bylaws or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, or new Bylaws may be made, by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon at
any annual or special meeting thereof or by the Board of Directors. Unless a higher percentage is required by the Certificate
of Incorporation as to any matter that is the subject of these Bylaws, all such amendments must be approved by the affirmative vote of
the holders of not less than 66 2/3% of the total voting power
of all outstanding securities of the Corporation, generally entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class, or by a majority of the Board of Directors.

Section 7.07. Forum Selection. Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (A) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on
behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer,
other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting
a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or
these Bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware confers jurisdiction
on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the
law of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware;
and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a
cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States of America, including the applicable rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any
interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section
7.07.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dp225123_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

PAYONEER GLOBAL INC.

AMENDED AND RESTATED NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION PLAN

Adopted by the
Board on February 5, 2025

with effect as
of January 1, 2025

1. Purpose

The purpose of this Amended and Restated Non-Employee
Director Compensation Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan) is to motivate and reward members of the Board
of Directors of Payoneer Global Inc. (the Board and the Company, respectively) who are Non-Employee
Directors (as such term is defined in the Companys 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan)) to exercise
the highest level of oversight and protection of the Companys business, thereby furthering the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders.

2. Eligibility

Each Non-Employee Director shall be eligible to
receive the compensation described in this Plan, subject to the below terms.

3. Administration

The Plan shall be administered by the Board, which
shall have the authority to construe and interpret the Plan, prescribe, amend and rescind rules relating to the Plan's administration
and take any other actions necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan.

4. Cash Compensation

a. Annual Retainers. Each Non-Employee Director shall
receive an annual retainer of $40,000 for their service on the Board, unless waived by the Non-Employee Director in his or her sole discretion
by delivering the Waiver Form attached hereto as Annex A (the Waiver Form) to the Company.

b. Additional Annual Retainers. In addition, each Non-Employee
Director shall receive the following additional annual retainers, unless waived by the Non-Employee Director in his or her sole discretion
by delivering the Waiver Form to the Company, as applicable:

i. Chairperson of the Board. A Non-Employee Director
serving as Chairperson of the Board shall receive an additional annual retainer of $50,000 for such service.

ii. Audit Committee. A Non-Employee Director serving as Chairperson of the Audit Committee shall receive an additional annual retainer
of $20,000 for such service. A Non-Employee Director serving as a member of the Audit Committee (other than the Chairperson) shall receive
an additional annual retainer of $10,000 for such service.

iii. Compensation Committee. A Non-Employee Director serving as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee shall receive an additional
annual retainer of $15,000 for such service. A Non-Employee Director serving as a member of the Compensation Committee (other than the
Chairperson) shall receive an additional annual retainer of $7,500 for such service.

iv. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. A Non-Employee Director serving as Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee shall receive an additional annual retainer of $10,000 for such service. A Non-Employee Director serving as a member
of the Nominating and Corporate

Governance Committee (other than the Chairperson) shall receive
an additional annual retainer of $5,000 for such service.

v. Risk Committee. A Non-Employee Director serving as Chairperson of the Risk Committee shall receive an additional annual retainer
of $10,000 for such service. A Non-Employee Director serving as a member of the Risk Committee (other than the Chairperson) shall receive
an additional annual retainer of $5,000 for such service.

c. Payment of Retainers. The annual retainers described
in Sections 4a and 4b (collectively, the Annual Retainers) shall be earned on a quarterly basis
based on a calendar quarter and shall be paid by the Company in arrears not later than the thirtieth day following the end of each calendar
quarter. In the event a Non-Employee Director does not serve as a Non-Employee Director, or in the applicable positions described in
Section 4b, for an entire calendar quarter, the retainer paid to such Non-Employee Director shall be prorated for the portion
of such calendar quarter actually served as a Non-Employee Director, or in such position, as applicable.

d. Method of Payment. Except as elected pursuant to Section
4e below, the Annual Retainers shall be payable to each Non-Employee Director in cash.

e. Election to Receive Shares of Common Stock in Lieu of Cash.
A Non-Employee Director may make a timely election to receive all of his or her cash payments for the Annual Retainers (Cash
Annual Retainers) in the form of shares of Common Stock of the Company (Common Stock), in accordance
with the following procedure and terms:

(i) The Non-Employee Director shall deliver an election form
substantially in the form attached as Annex B hereto (an Election Form) to the Company (attn: Chief Financial
Officer) before the start of the fiscal quarter and during an open trading window period under the Companys Insider Trading Policy;

(ii) Such election shall apply for such fiscal quarter and
any subsequent fiscal quarters of such fiscal year and to any fiscal years thereafter and an alteration cannot take effect during the
fiscal year during which the election was made. Elections may be altered only by delivering a new Election Form, nullifying or modifying
any previous election, to the Company (attn: Chief Financial Officer) before the start of a fiscal quarter and during an open trading
window period under the Companys Insider Trading Policy and such modified election will take effect on the first day of the following
fiscal year;

(iii)The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued in
lieu of the Cash Annual Retainers shall be determined on an annual basis, on the last trading day of the fiscal year for which the Cash
Annual Retainers would have otherwise been due, by dividing the dollar amount of the Cash Annual Retainers to be paid for such year (determined
as described above, subject to adjustments for partial service during the year) by the closing price of the Common Stock on the last trading
day of the fiscal year, rounded down to the nearest whole share;

(iv) Shares shall be issued as soon as practicable, but no
more than 30 days following each fiscal year end, without any further action of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board once
an Election Form is duly signed and delivered. For the avoidance of doubt, all shares of Common Stock issued in lieu of the Cash Annual
Retainers are fully vested and unrestricted shares of Common Stock, issued pursuant to the Incentive Plan.

5. Equity Compensation

Each Non-Employee Directors shall be granted
the equity award described below, unless waived by the Non-Employee Director in his or her sole discretion by delivering the Waiver Form
to

the Company (attn: Chief Financial Officer). Such award shall be granted
under and be subject to the terms and provisions of the Incentive Plan, or any other applicable Company equity incentive plan then-maintained
by the Company, and shall be granted subject to the execution and delivery of an award agreement in substantially the form approved by
the Board pursuant to the terms of the Incentive Plan. All applicable terms of the Incentive Plan apply to this Plan as if fully set forth
herein, and all grants hereby are subject in all respects, mutatis mutandis, to the terms of the Incentive Plan and the applicable
award agreement.

a. Annual Equity Grants. Without any further action of
the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, as soon as practicable after each Annual Meeting of the Companys stockholders
(Annual Meeting), but no more than 30 days following the Annual Meeting, each person who is then a Non-Employee
Director will receive restricted stock units for shares of Common Stock of the Company (the RSU(s)) having a value
of $200,000 based on the closing price per share of the Companys Common Stock as quoted on the applicable stock exchange on the
close of business on the date of the Annual Meeting, rounded down to the nearest whole share (the Annual Award).

b. Prorated Grants. A Non-Employee Director who is appointed
to the Board (or revokes a previously effective waiver) between two Annual Meetings, will receive a prorated award (the Prorated
Award) based on the number of days from the date of appointment (or the date that the revocation of a waiver becomes effective)
until the next Annual Meeting divided by the lesser of (i) the number of days between the two Annual Meetings (if known at the time)
and (ii) 365, as the case may be. Such Non-Employee Director will receive such Prorated award as soon as practicable following the date
that such Non-Employee is appointed to the Board (or the date that the revocation of a previous waiver becomes effective), without any
further action of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board. For illustrative purposes, if a Non-Employee Director joins the Board
on January 1st, the next Annual Meeting is held on June 15th of the year of appointment, and the prior Annual Meeting was
held on July 1st of the prior year, then such Non-Employee Director will receive, as the Prorated award, RSUs having
a value of $ 94,555.87 ($200,000*(165/349)) with the number of RSUs to be based on the closing price per share of the Companys
Common Stock as quoted on the applicable stock exchange on the close of business on the date that the Non-Employee Director is appointed
to the Board (or the applicable date where the revocation of the previously effective waiver become effective), in each case rounded
down to the nearest whole share.

c. Vesting. Each Annual Award shall fully vest upon the
earlier of (i) the date that is twelve (12) months following the Annual Meeting in connection with such Annual Award was granted,
and (ii) the first Annual Meeting following the applicable effective date of such grant, subject to the Non-Employee Director
continuing in service on the Board through each such vesting date. Each Prorated Award shall fully vest on the first Annual Meeting following
the applicable effective date of such grant, subject to the Non-Employee Director continuing in service on the Board through
such vesting date. Unless the Board otherwise determines, no portion of an Annual Award or Prorated Award which is unvested at the time
of a Non-Employee Directors termination of service on the Board shall become vested thereafter.

6. Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the aggregate cash compensation and equity compensation that each Non-Employee Director is eligible to receive under this Plan with respect
to any calendar year (including the Annual Retainers, Annual Awards and Prorated Awards), shall be subject to the limits set forth in
Section 5(e) of the Incentive Plan.

7. Expense Reimbursements

The Company shall reimburse each Non-Employee Director
for all reasonable, documented, out-of-pocket travel and other business expenses incurred by such Non-Employee Director
in connection with in-person attendance at Board and/or Committee meetings, in accordance with the Companys applicable expense
reimbursement policies and procedures as in effect from time to time, provided that such director timely submits to the Company appropriate
documentation substantiating such expenses. Reimbursement of expenses pursuant to this Section 7 shall be payable to each Non-Employee Director
in cash.

8. General

a. Entire Plan. This Plan constitutes the entire plan
with respect to the subject matter hereof, other than matters covered by the Incentive Plan, and supersedes all prior plans, or arrangements
between the Company and a member of the Board, with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of a discrepancy or contradiction
between this Plan and the Incentive Plan, this Plan shall govern. Non-Employee Directors shall not have any rights hereunder, except
with respect to grants pursuant to this Plan. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed in the
Incentive Plan.

b. Compliance with Law. The obligations of the Company
with respect to payments under the Plan are subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

c. Term. This Plan shall become effective on the date
hereof, and will remain in effect until it is revised or terminated by further action of the Board.

d. Termination and Amendment. The Board may at any time
amend or modify this Plan in whole or in part. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or termination of the Plan may impair the
right of a Non-Employee Director to receive any amounts accrued hereunder prior to the effective date of such amendment or termination.

e. Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Delaware, without application of the conflicts of law principles thereof.

* * * * *

Annex A

[Form of Waiver 
Omitted]

Annex B

[Form of Election Form
Omitted]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dp225123_ex9901.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
EXHIBIT 99.1

Payoneer appoints
Barak Eilam to its Board of Directors 

NEW YORK, NY February 24, 2025
Payoneer (NASDAQ: PAYO), the financial technology company empowering the worlds small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs)
to transact, do business, and grow globally, today announced that its Board of Directors (the Board) has appointed Barak
Eilam to the Board as a Class I director.

Barak has nearly three decades of experience
building and scaling technology businesses. He most recently served as the CEO of NICE Ltd. (NASDAQ: NICE), a leading global enterprise
software company specializing in analytics and AI solutions, from 2014 until December 2024. During his tenure, NICE saw a
significant expansion in its total addressable market and strong revenue growth.

Barak began his career at NICE in 1999
as an engineer and throughout his 25 years at the company held various senior executive positions in engineering, product management,
and sales leadership, including President of NICE Americas.

Barak currently serves on the boards
of FactSet Research Systems Inc. (NYSE: FDS | NASDAQ: FDS) and SimilarWeb Ltd. (NYSE: SMWB), as well as on the boards of the privately
held companies HMH (f/k/a Houghton Mifflin Harcourt) and Cvent Inc. He holds a B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from Tel Aviv University.

Im thrilled to welcome
Barak to our Board, said Payoneer CEO and Board member John Caplan. Barak is a highly respected and successful leader with
a substantial track record of driving growth and innovation at scale. We are confident that Baraks experience as an executive
and director will enable him to provide valuable insights, and the Board and I are looking forward to working with him as we continue
to drive shareholder value.

I am honored to join Payoneers
Board of Directors, said Barak. It is an exciting time for the company and I am looking forward to working with the leadership
team as they build a global financial stack for businesses and entrepreneurs around the world. 

About
Payoneer

Payoneer is the financial technology
company empowering the worlds small and medium-sized businesses to transact, do business, and grow globally. Payoneer was founded
in 2005 with the belief that talent is equally distributed, but opportunity is not. It is our mission to enable any entrepreneur and
business anywhere to participate and succeed in an increasingly digital global economy. Since our founding, we have built a global financial
stack that removes barriers and simplifies cross-border commerce. We make it easier for millions of SMBs, particularly in emerging markets,
to connect to the global economy, pay and get paid, manage their funds across multiple currencies, and grow their businesses. 

Forward-Looking
Statements

This press release
includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of Payoneer, may be considered forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or Payoneers future financial or operating performance. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expect, intend,
plan, will, estimate, anticipate, believe, predict,
potential or continue, or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. Such
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions
that, while considered reasonable by Payoneer and its management, as the case may be, are inherently uncertain. Factors that may cause
actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: (1) changes in applicable laws or regulations;
(2) the possibility that Payoneer may be adversely affected by geopolitical events and conflicts, such as Israels ongoing conflicts
in the Middle East, and other economic, business and/or competitive factors; (3) changes in the assumptions underlying our financial
estimates; (4) the outcome of any known and/or unknown legal or regulatory proceedings; and (5) other risks and uncertainties set forth
in Payoneers Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023 and future reports that Payoneer may file with
the SEC from time to time. Nothing in this press release should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking
statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved.
You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Payoneer does not undertake
any duty to update these forward-looking statements.

Contacts:

Investor Contact:

Caius Slater

investor@payoneer.com

Media Contact:

Alison Dahlman

PR@payoneer.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>image_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>payo-20250219.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>payo-20250219_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>payo-20250219_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 19, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 19, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40547

Entity Registrant Name Payoneer Global Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001845815

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-1778671

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 195
Broadway

Entity Address, Address Line Two 27th Floor

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10007

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 600-9272

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol PAYO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://payoneer.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

dp225123_8k.htm 
payo-20250219.xsd 
payo-20250219_lab.xml 
payo-20250219_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0000950103-25-002356-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>dp225123_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001845815 

2025-02-19 
2025-02-19 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001845815 
8-K 
2025-02-19 
Payoneer Global Inc. 
DE 
001-40547 
86-1778671 
195 Broadway 
27th Floor 
New York 
NY 
10007 
212 
600-9272 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
PAYO 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>