<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-043166.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-043166.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250321160021
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-043166
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tivic Health Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001787740
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				814016391
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41052
		FILM NUMBER:		25760370

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47685 LAKEVIEW BLVD
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888)276-6888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47685 LAKEVIEW BLVD
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tivc-20250318.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000178774000017877402025-03-182025-03-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 18, 2025

Tivic Health Systems, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-41052 

81-4016391

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

47685 Lakeview Blvd. 

Fremont, California 

94538

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:888276-6888

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

TIVC 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 18, 2025, Tivic Health Systems, Inc. (the Company) entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor, and the Investor will have the obligation to purchase from the Company, up to $25,000,000 (the Maximum Commitment Amount) shares of the Companys common stock (the Put Shares), at the Companys sole discretion, over the next 24 months, subject to certain conditions precedent and other limitations. The Investor has covenanted not to cause or engage in any short sales with respect to the shares of the Companys common stock during the term of the agreement.

Unless earlier terminated, the Purchase Agreement will remain in effect until the earlier of March 18, 2027 or the date on which the Investor has purchased the Maximum Commitment Amount (the Commitment Period). The Company has the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement at any time, subject to limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement.

During the Commitment Period, the Company will have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor to make a purchase of the Put Shares by delivering written notice to the Investor (a Put Notice) on any trading day (the Put Date) to purchase a number of Put Shares pursuant to a formula set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price for the Put Shares under the Purchase Agreement will be equal to 95% of the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of the Companys common stock on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) on any trading day during the pricing period, and the pricing period for each sale of Put Shares will be the 5 trading days immediately after receipt of the Put Shares by the Investor, subject to adjustment as provided in the Purchase Agreement.

Each Put Notice shall direct the Investor to purchase Put Shares (i) in a minimum amount not less than $50,000.00 and (ii) in a maximum amount up to $500,000, provide further that the number of Put Shares in each respective Put shall not exceed 100% of the average trading volume of the Companys common stock during the 5 trading days immediately preceding the date of the Put Notice. The Investors obligation to purchase Put Shares is subject to a 4.99% beneficial ownership blocker. Additionally, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company may not sell or issue to the Investor more than 19.99% of the number of shares of Company common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to execution of the Purchase Agreement unless and until the Company obtains stockholder approval to issue additional shares, in accordance with applicable Nasdaq rules.

As consideration for the Investors commitment to purchase shares of Company common stock under the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued the Investor 29,800 restricted shares of common stock following the execution of the Purchase Agreement (the Commitment Shares).

Craft Capital Management LLC (Craft) acted as the Companys placement agent in connection with this transaction. As compensation for such services, the Company will pay Craft a commission of 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Put Shares under the Purchase Agreement.

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Investor also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed to, within forty-five (45) calendar days from the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) an initial registration statement covering (i) all of the Put Shares issuable under the Purchase Agreement the Commitment Shares (collectively, the Registrable Securities) so as to permit the resale of such securities by the Investor. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective by the Commission within ninety (90) calendar days from the date of the Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall keep the registration statement effective, including but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the date on which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities and the Maximum Commitment Amount has been drawn down by the Company.

The Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement contain customary representations, warranties and agreements, as well as customary conditions to the Investors obligation to purchase the Put Shares.

The foregoing summary of the terms of the Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current Report) as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Actual sales of shares of Company common stock, if any, to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Companys common stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations. The net proceeds to the Company from sales of our common stock to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement, if any, will depend on the frequency and prices at which the Company sells shares to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement.

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

The information provided below in Item 7.01 - Regulation FD Disclosure of this Current Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.02.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. As described in Item 1.01, the Company issued to the Investor the Commitment Shares, which issuance was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the Companys financial results for its year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of that press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

In addition, on March 21, 2025, the Company began using a new corporate presentation. A copy of that corporate presentation is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the presentation is also available on the Companys website located at https://tivichealth.com/investor/.

The information set forth under Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section. The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. This Current Report will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current Report that is required to be disclosed solely by Regulation FD.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, contains certain forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. When used herein, the terms anticipates, expects, estimates, believes, will and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements in this Current Report, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, or hereafter, including in other publicly available documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, reports to the stockholders of the Company and other publicly available statements issued or released by us involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements to differ from the future results, performance (financial or operating) or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such future results are based upon managements best estimates based upon current conditions and the most recent results of operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risks set forth herein and in such other documents filed with the Commission, each of which could adversely affect our business and the accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained herein. Our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 

Equity Purchase Agreement, by and between Tivic Health Systems, Inc. and Mast Hill, L.P., dated March 18, 2025.

10.2 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Tivic Health Systems, Inc. and Mast Hill, L.P., dated March 18, 2025.

99.1 

Press Release, dated March 21, 2025.

99.2 

Corporate Presentation, dated March 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

Date: 

March 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Ernst

Name: Jennifer Ernst

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tivc-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This equity purchase agreement is entered into as of March 18, 2025 (this "Agreement"), by and between Tivic Health Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Mast Hill Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Investor", and collectively with the Company, the Parties).

WHEREAS, the Parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall purchase up to Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00) of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below);

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

"Agreement" shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.

Average Daily Trading Value shall mean the average trading volume of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market during the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Put Date multiplied by the VWAP of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective Put Date.

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

"Claim Notice" shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Clearing Costs shall mean all fees incurred by the Investor with respect to the Put Shares, including but not limited to fees charged by or paid to any brokerage firm (including commissions and fees payable to the Placement Agent (as defined in this Agreement)), any clearing firm, and Transfer Agent fees, as well as reasonable attorney fees (not to exceed $1,000 per Put).

Clearing Date shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Put Shares in its brokerage account.

"Closing" shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3.

"Closing Certificate" shall mean the closing certificate of the Company in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

Closing Date shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder.

"Commitment Period" shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have purchased Put Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) twenty-four (24) months after the date of this Agreement, (iii) written notice of termination by the Company to the Investor (which shall not occur during any Valuation Period or at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares), (iv) the Registration Statement is no longer effective after the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, or (v) the date that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; provided, however, that the provisions of Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in Article X shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

Commitment Shares shall mean 29,800 restricted shares of Common Stock, which shall be issued to Investor on the date of this Agreement.

"Common Stock" shall mean the Company's common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and any shares of any other class of common stock whether now or hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution of dividends (as and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the Company).

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

"Company" shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Custodian means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

"Damages" shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

"Dispute Period" shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

DTC shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing substantially the same function for the Company.

DTC/FAST Program shall mean the DTCs Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program.

DWAC shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.

DWAC Eligible shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTCs Operational Arrangements, including, without limitation, transfer through DTCs DWAC system, (b) the Company has been approved (without revocation) by the DTCs underwriting department, (c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) the Put Shares are otherwise eligible for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Put Shares, as applicable, via DWAC.

DWAC Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with DTC under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

"Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(g).

"Execution Date" shall mean the date of this Agreement.

"FINRA" shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.

"Investment Amount" shall mean the Put Shares referenced in the Put Notice multiplied by the Purchase Price, minus the Clearing Costs.

"Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

"Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.

"Indemnity Notice" shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(e).

Initial Purchase Price shall mean 95% of the VWAP of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market on the Trading Day immediately preceding the respective Put Date, as reported by Quotestream or other reputable source designated by the Investor, subject to adjustment as provided in this Agreement, provided, however, that 95% shall be replaced with 85% if the Principal Market is any tier of the OTC Markets on the respective Put Date of the Put for which such calculation is being made.

"Investor" shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.

Lien means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

"Market Price" shall mean the lowest VWAP of the Companys Common Stock on the Principal Market on any Trading Day during the Valuation Period, as reported by Quotestream or other reputable source designated by the Investor, subject to adjustment as provided in this Agreement.

"Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and the Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and the Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.

"Maximum Commitment Amount" shall mean Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00).

"Person" shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

"Principal Market" shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets.

"Purchase Price" shall mean 95% of the Market Price on such date on which the Purchase Price is calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, provided, however, that 95% shall be replaced with 85% if the Principal Market is any tier of the OTC Markets on the respective Put Date of the Put for which such calculation is being made.

"Put" shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to purchase shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

"Put Date" shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a Put Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(b).

"Put Notice" shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, to Investor setting forth the Put Shares which the Company intends to require Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

"Put Shares" shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put Notice in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Regular Trading Hours shall mean regular trading hours as defined in Rule 600(b)(88) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws.

Registration Rights Agreement shall mean that certain registration rights agreement entered into by the Company with the Investor on the date hereof in connection with this Agreement.

"Registration Statement" shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4.

"Regulation D" shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.

Required Minimum shall mean, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock potentially issuable at such time pursuant to the Transaction Documents, which shall be calculated on each such date as follows: the then remaining Maximum Commitment Amount divided by the Initial Purchase Price on each such date, ignoring any beneficial ownership limitations set forth herein.

"Rule 144" shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act.

"SEC" shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Documents shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.

Securities" means, collectively, the Put Shares and Commitment Shares.

"Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Shareholder Approval shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(g).

Short Sales shall mean all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.

Subsidiary means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

"Third Party Claim" shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).

Trading Day shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open for business.

Transaction Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, and all exhibits hereto and thereto.

"Transfer Agent" shall mean Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1100 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55120, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Transfer Agent Instruction Letter means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent entered into on or around the date of this Agreement that instructs the Transfer Agent to issue the Put Shares and Commitment Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

Valuation Period shall mean the period beginning on the Put Date and continuing through the date that is five (5) Trading Days immediately following the Clearing Date associated with the applicable Put Notice, subject to adjustment as provided in this Agreement.

VWAP shall mean for the Common Stock as of any Trading Day, the lower of (i) the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Principal Market during Regular Trading Hours or (ii) the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the Principal Market during the pre-market period prior to Regular Trading Hours, Regular Trading Hours, and the after-market period after Regular Trading Hours collectively, in each case as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Investor.

ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK

Section 2.1 PUTS. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII), the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by its delivery to the Investor of a Put Notice from time to time, to purchase Put Shares (i) in a minimum amount not less than $50,000.00 (calculated using the Initial Purchase Price) and (ii) in a maximum amount up to the lesser of (a) $500,000.00 (calculated using the Initial Purchase Price) or (b) 100% of the Average Daily Trading Value.

Section 2.2 

MECHANICS.

(a) PUT NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Period, except as provided in this Agreement, the Company may deliver a Put Notice to Investor, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 and otherwise provided herein. The initial price per share identified in the respective Put Notice shall be equal to the Initial Purchase Price and shall only be used for purposes of determining the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company can issue pursuant to a respective Put Notice in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement (for the avoidance of doubt, the Initial Purchase Price shall not be used for purposes of determining the actual price per share to be paid by the Investor to the Company with respect to a Put Notice). At the end of the Valuation Period, the Purchase Price for the respective Put Shares shall be established as provided further in this

Agreement. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Put Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor within one (1) Trading Day following the Put Date In addition to any other rights available to the Investor, if the Company fails to cause the Companys transfer agent to deliver to the Investor the respective Put Shares in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and if after such date the Investor is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Investors brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Investor of the respective Put Shares which the Investor anticipated receiving upon receipt of the respective Put Notice (a Buy-In), then the Company shall pay in cash to the Investor, within three (3) Business Days of Investors request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Investors total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the number of Put Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Investor in connection with the respective Put Notice times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed. For example, if the Investor purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to such Put Shares with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, the Company shall be required to pay $1,000 to the Investor. The Investor shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Investor in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit an Investors right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver Put Shares as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(b) DATE OF DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICE. A Put Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Trading Day it is received by email by the Investor. The Company shall not deliver a Put Notice to the Investor during the period beginning on the Put Date of the immediately prior Put Notice and continuing through the date that is five (5) Trading Days following the Clearing Date associated with the immediately prior Put Notice (the Cooldown Period); provided, however, that the respective Cooldown Period shall not apply to the immediately prior Put Notice if (i) the Put Shares for the immediately prior Put Notice have been delivered to the Investor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (ii) the trading volume of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the respective Cooldown Period exceeds 500% of the total Put Shares of the immediately prior Put Notice (the Cooldown Waiver Trigger). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all trading volume of the Common Stock on the respective Put Date that occurs prior to the specific time that the Put Notice is delivered to Investor shall not count towards the Cooldown Waiver Trigger.

Section 2.3 CLOSINGS. At the end of the Valuation Period, the Purchase Price and Investment Amount for the respective Put Shares shall be established as provided in this Agreement. If the value of the Put Shares delivered to the Investor causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount, then immediately after the Valuation Period the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated with such Put and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced by any Clearing Costs related to the return of such Put Shares. On each Friday of each calendar week (each a Payment Date), the Investor shall deliver the Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company with respect to each Put that had a Valuation Period that ended on or

before Wednesday of the respective calendar week, so long as the Investor has not previously delivered the Investment Amount with respect to such Put. If any Payment Date is a legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, NY, then such Payment Date shall instead be the business day immediately following the respective Payment Date.

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR

The Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section 3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state securities laws applicable to such disposition.

Section 3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.

Section 3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor has such experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. The Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.

Section 3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section 3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer, director or "affiliate" (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of the Company.

Section 3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING.The Investor is an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section 3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third-party (that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be subject.

Section 3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the Company and has had access to all publicly available information with respect to the Company.

Section 3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting, television advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, except as set forth in the disclosure schedules hereto:

Section 4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as

the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

Section 4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or stockholders is required. Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

Section 4.3 CAPITALIZATION. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 4.3, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

Section 4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or

has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 4.3, the Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.

Section 4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

Section 4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.

Section 4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of the

Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any "lock-up" or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to any Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of Investor herein.

Section 4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been disclosed in subsequent SEC Documents.

Section 4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no actions, suits, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary.

Section 4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents and as granted to Investor, no Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

Section 4.11 No Solicitation; NO BROKERS. Except with respect to Craft Capital Management LLC, a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 171350) (the Placement Agent), the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company represents and warrants that neither the Investor nor its employee(s), member(s), beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this Agreement. The Company represents and warrants that the Investor is not required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in order to (i) enter into or consummate the transactions encompassed by the Transaction Documents, (ii) fulfill the Investors obligations under the Transaction Documents, or (iii) exercise any of the Investors rights under the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities).

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS OF INVESTOR

Section 5.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investor's trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock will be in compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and the Principal Market.

Section 5.2 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor, nor any affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from the date hereof to the end of the Commitment Period. For the purposes hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of a Put Notice of such number of shares of Common Stock reasonably expected to be purchased under a Put Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The Investor shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company enters into any transaction involving the issuance, sale, or disposition of any securities of the Company with any party, and such party is not subject to a provision substantially similar to this Section 5.2 of this Agreement, then this Section 5.2 of this Agreement shall no longer apply to the Investor.

ARTICLE VI

COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Section 6.1 RESERVATION OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Minimum in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section 6.2 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of all of the Put Shares and the Commitment Shares to be issued to the Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall use its

reasonable best efforts to maintain, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing of all such Put Shares and the Commitment Shares from time to time issuable hereunder. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible assets) and will comply in all respects with the Company's reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of FINRA and the Principal Market.

Section 6.3 OTHER EQUITY LINES AND TRANSACTIONS. So long as this Agreement remains in effect, the Company covenants and agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Investor, enter into any other Equity Line of Credit (as defined below) or Variable Rate Transaction (as defined below) with any other party, except with respect to the ongoing at-the-market offering with Maxim Group LLC (as set forth in the SEC Documents). Equity Line of Credit shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the right to put its securities to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price formula. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) issues securities at a future determined price.

Section 6.4 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act, relating to the transactions contemplated by, and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction Documents (the Current Report). The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report at least one (1) Trading Day prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Trading Day from the date the Investor receives it from the Company. The Company shall also comply with the Registration Rights Agreement with respect to the filing and effectiveness deadlines of a new registration statement (the Registration Statement) in accordance with the terms of such Registration Rights Agreement.

Section 6.5 NO BROKER-DEALER ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Absent a final adjudication from a court of competent jurisdiction stating otherwise, the Company shall not to any person, institution, governmental or other entity, state, claim, allege, or in any way assert, that Investor is currently, or ever has been, a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF

PUT NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

Section 7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND SELL PUT SHARES. In addition to the other provisions of this Agreement, the right of the Company to issue and sell the Put Shares to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions set forth below:

(a) ACCURACY OF INVESTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing as though made at each such time.

(b) PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing.

Section 7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE PUT SHARES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase Put Shares is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:

(a) EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective for the resale by the Investor of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares at prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so and (ii) no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, such Registration Statement or related prospectus shall exist.

(b) ACCURACY OF THE COMPANY'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date).

(c) PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company, including but not limited to the delivery of the Put Shares as provided in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.

(d) NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or adopted by any court or

governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(e) ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Company's most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.

(f) NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the Principal Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the Common Stock shall have been approved for listing on and shall not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the trading of the Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company any remaining amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced accordingly.

(g) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION; EXCHANGE CAP. The number of Put Shares then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), in the event that the amount of Common Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, is greater on a Closing Date than on the date upon which the Put Notice associated with such Closing Date is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such Closing Date shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, when aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation following such Closing Date. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to a Put Notice. In addition, unless the Company obtains Shareholder Approval (as defined below), the Company shall not effect any sales of the Put Shares under this Agreement and the Investor shall not have the obligation to purchase Put Shares under this Agreement to the extent that such issuance would exceed the Exchange Cap (as defined below). Shareholder Approval means the approval of a sufficient amount of holders of the Companys Common Stock to satisfy the shareholder approval requirements for such action as provided in Nasdaq Rule 5635(d), to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including but not limited to the sale and issuance of Common Stock under this Agreement and the Commitment Shares in excess of 19.99% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock on the date of this Agreement (the Exchange Cap), subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock.

(h) [Intentionally Omitted].

(i) NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration Statement to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Trading Days following the Trading Day on which such Put Notice is deemed delivered).

(j) NO VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. The issuance of the Put Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval requirements of the Principal Market.

(k) OFFICERS CERTIFICATE. On the date of delivery of each Put Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate executed by an executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as of the date of each such certificate.

(l) DWAC ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and not subject to a DTC chill.

(m) SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act.

(n) RESERVE. The Company shall have reserved the Required Minimum for the Investors benefit under this Agreement, the Company shall have satisfied the reserve requirements with respect to all other contracts between the Company and Investor, and the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter shall have been executed by the Company and the Transfer Agent as well as acknowledged and agreed to in writing by the Transfer Agent.

(o) MINIMUM PRICING. The lowest traded price of the Common Stock in the ten (10) Trading Days immediately preceding the respective Put Date must exceed $0.01 per share.

(p) BANKRUPTCY. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall not be instituted by or against the Company or any subsidiary of the Company (the Bankruptcy Proceedings), and the Company shall have no knowledge of any event more likely than not to have the effect of causing Bankruptcy Proceedings to arise. In the event of Bankruptcy Proceedings as contemplated by this Section 7.2(p), the Investor shall have the right to return to the Company any remaining amount of Put Shares associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put shall be reduced accordingly.

ARTICLE VIII

LEGENDS

Section 8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall be placed on the share certificates representing the Put Shares.

Section 8.2 INVESTOR'S COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall affect in any way the Investor's obligations hereunder to comply with all applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock.

ARTICLE IX

NOTICES; INDEMNIFICATION

Section 9.1 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, except for Put Notices which shall be delivered via email in accordance with this Agreement, and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.

The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Tivic Health Systems, Inc.

47685 Lakeview Blvd.

Fremont, CA 94538

Email: corporate@tivichealth.com

Attention: Jennifer Ernst

With a mandatory copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.

3611 Valley Centre Dr., #500

San Diego, CA 92130

Attention: Christopher Tinen

Email: ctinen@swlaw.com

If to the Investor:

Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

150 Grossman Drive, Suite 205

Braintree, MA 02184

Email: admin@masthillfund.com

Either party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10) days' prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

Section 9.2 INDEMNIFICATION. Each party (an Indemnifying Party) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers, directors, employees, and authorized agents and representatives, and each Person or entity, if any, who controls such party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an Indemnified Party) from and against any Damages, joint or several, and any action in respect thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, to the extent resulting from, arising out of or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, or (iv) any material violation or alleged material violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, as such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result primarily from the Indemnified Party's failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Party's negligence, recklessness, fraud, willful misconduct or bad faith in performing its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but only to the extent, (a) arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus (as amended or supplemented), or (b) resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnified Party.

Section 9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All claims for indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 shall be asserted and resolved as follows:

(a) In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a "Third Party Claim"), the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a copy of all papers served, if any, and specifying the nature of and basis for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Party's claim for indemnification that is being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such Third Party Claim (a "Claim Notice") with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim Notice with reasonable promptness after the Indemnified Party receives notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Party's ability to defend has been prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as practicable within the period ending thirty (30) calendar days following receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity Notice (as defined below) (the "Dispute Period") whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third Party Claim.

(i) If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying Party to a final conclusion or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with the consent of the Indemnified Party in the case of any settlement that provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that provides for the payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The Indemnifying Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Party's delivery of the notice referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, answer or other pleadings or take any other action that the Indemnified Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its interests; and provided, further, that if requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party elects to contest. The Indemnified Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnified Party may takeover the control of the defense or settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect to such Third Party Claim.

(ii) If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim by all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party in a reasonable manner and in good faith or will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnified Party(with the consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld). The Indemnified Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that if requested by the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnified Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner provided in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Party's defense pursuant to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Party's participation therein at the Indemnified Party's request, and the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnifying Party in connection with such litigation. The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause (ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation.

(iii) If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim, the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(b) In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2 specifying the nature of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, of such claim (an "Indemnity Notice") with reasonable promptness to the Indemnifying Party. The failure by any Indemnified

Party to give the Indemnity Notice shall not impair such party's rights hereunder except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice, the amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it deems appropriate.

(c) The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.

(d) The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the Indemnifying Party may be subject to.

ARTICLE X

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1 ARBITRATION OF CLAIMS; GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. The Company and Investor shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit C of this Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit C of the Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Investor hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Investor hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware

or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Investor consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates shall be in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Without modifying the Companys and Investors mandatory obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes, without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent under the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter or otherwise related to Investor in any way (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Investor to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Investor, including through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in

connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

Section 10.2 PAYMENT SET ASIDE. Further, to the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Investor pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Investor enforces or exercises its rights pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities), and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof (including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Investor, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Investor a dollar amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Investor, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action).

Section 10.3 ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other Person.

Section 10.4 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Section 9.3.

Section 10.5 TERMINATION. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time by written notice to the Investor, except during any Valuation Period or at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares. In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate at the end of the Commitment Period. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the provisions of Articles III, IV, VI, IX of this Agreement and the agreements and covenants of the Company and the Investor set forth in Article X of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and (ii) the Investor shall retain all rights to the Commitment Shares thereunder even if this Agreement is terminated.

Section 10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the Parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

Section 10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Investor. On the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue the Commitment Shares to Investor for its commitment to enter into this Agreement. The Commitment Shares shall be earned in full upon the date of this Agreement, and the issuance of the Commitment Shares is not contingent upon any other event or condition, including but not limited to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the Companys submission of a Put Notice to the Investor. In addition, the Company shall, on the date of this Agreement, pay $17,500.00 by wire transfer to Investor or Investors legal counsel pursuant to Investors written instructions for reimbursement of Investors expenses relating to the preparation of this Agreement.

Section 10.8 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of the Parties and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable against the Parties actually executing such counterparts and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be delivered to the other Parties hereto by email of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the Parties so delivering this Agreement.

Section 10.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that such severability shall be ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

Section 10.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 10.11 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

Section 10.12 EQUITABLE RELIEF. The Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its obligations under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Investor. The Company therefore agrees that the Investor shall be entitled to seek to obtain temporary and permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages.

Section 10.13 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

Section 10.14 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the Parties from and after the date that is one (1) Trading Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, (i) no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written instrument signed by both Parties hereto and (ii) no provision of this Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.

Section 10.15 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such public statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent of the other Parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure is required by law, in which such case the disclosing party shall provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except to the extent required by law. The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and all or part of the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be "material contracts," as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written.

THE COMPANY:

TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

By:_/s/ Jennifer Ernst________

Name: Jennifer Ernst

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INVESTOR:

MAST HILL FUND, L.P.

By:__/s/ Patrick Hassani ______

Name: Patrick Hassani

Title: Chief Investment Officer

[Signature Page to equity purchase agreement]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF PUT NOTICE

TO: MAST HILL FUND, L.P.

DATE: ____________________

We refer to the equity purchase agreement, dated March 18, 2025 (the Agreement), entered into by and between Tivic Health Systems, Inc. and you. Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined herein, have the same meaning when used herein.

We hereby:

1) Give you notice that we require you to purchase ____________ Put Shares pursuant to the Agreement; and

2) The Initial Purchase Price pursuant to the Agreement is ____________; and

2) Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in Section 7.2 of the Agreement are satisfied.

TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

By: _______________________

Name: Jennifer Ernst

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF OFFICERS CERTIFICATE

OF TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

Pursuant to Section 7.2(k) of that certain equity purchase agreement, dated March 18, 2025 (the Agreement), by and between Tivic Health Systems, Inc. (the Company) and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (the Investor), the undersigned, in her capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and not in her individual capacity, hereby certifies, as of the date hereof (such date, the Condition Satisfaction Date), the following:

1. The representations and warranties of the Company are true and correct in all material respects as of the Condition Satisfaction Date as though made on the Condition Satisfaction Date (except for representations and warranties specifically made as of a particular date) with respect to all periods, and as to all events and circumstances occurring or existing to and including the Condition Satisfaction Date, except for any conditions which have temporarily caused any representations or warranties of the Company set forth in the Agreement to be incorrect and which have been corrected with no continuing impairment to the Company or the Investor; and

2. All of the conditions precedent to the obligation of the Investor to purchase Put Shares set forth in the Agreement, including but not limited to Section 7.2 of the Agreement, have been satisfied as of the Condition Satisfaction Date.

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto affixed her hand as of the ________, 20__.

By: _______________________

Name: Jennifer Ernst

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit C

ARBITRATION PROVISIONS

1. Dispute Resolution. Each party consents to and expressly agrees that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any dispute arising out of or relating to any of the Transaction Documents or the relationship of the parties or their affiliates shall be in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. For purposes of this Exhibit C, the term Claims means any disputes, claims, demands, causes of action, requests for injunctive relief, requests for specific performance, questions regarding severability of any provisions of the Transaction Documents, liabilities, damages, losses, or controversies whatsoever arising from, related to, or connected with the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents and any communications between the parties related thereto, including without limitation any claims of mutual mistake, mistake, fraud, misrepresentation, failure of formation, failure of consideration, promissory estoppel, unconscionability, failure of condition precedent, rescission, and any statutory claims, tort claims, contract claims, or claims to void, invalidate or terminate the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions (defined below)) or any of the other Transaction Documents. The parties to this Agreement (the parties) hereby agree that the Claims may be arbitrated in one or more Arbitrations pursuant to these Arbitration Provisions (one for an injunction or injunctions and a separate one for all other Claims). The parties hereby agree that the arbitration provisions set forth in this Exhibit C (Arbitration Provisions) are binding on each of them. As a result, any attempt to rescind the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document) or declare the Agreement (or these Arbitration Provisions) or any other Transaction Document invalid or unenforceable pursuant to Section 29 of the 1934 Act or for any other reason is subject to these Arbitration Provisions. These Arbitration Provisions shall also survive any termination or expiration of the Agreement. Any capitalized term not defined in these Arbitration Provisions shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

2. Arbitration. Except as otherwise provided herein, all Claims must be submitted to arbitration (Arbitration) to be conducted exclusively in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and pursuant to the terms set forth in these Arbitration Provisions. Subject to the arbitration appeal right provided for in Paragraph 5 below (the Appeal Right), the parties agree that the award of the arbitrator rendered pursuant to Paragraph 4 below (the Arbitration Award) shall be (a) final and binding upon the parties, (b) the sole and exclusive remedy between them regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded to the arbitrator, and (c) promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Subject to the Appeal Right, any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Arbitration Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. Judgment upon the Arbitration Award will be entered and enforced by any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

3. The Arbitration Act. The parties hereby incorporate herein the provisions and procedures set forth in the Massachusetts Uniform Arbitration Act, G.L. c. 251 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the Arbitration Act). Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to, and to the maximum extent permitted by, the Arbitration Act, in the event of conflict or variation between the terms of these Arbitration Provisions and the provisions of the Arbitration Act, the terms of these Arbitration Provisions shall control and the parties hereby waive or otherwise agree to vary the effect of all requirements of the Arbitration Act that may conflict with or vary from these Arbitration Provisions.

4. Arbitration Proceedings. Arbitration between the parties will be subject to the following:

4.1 Initiation of Arbitration. Pursuant to the Arbitration Act, the parties agree that a party may initiate Arbitration by giving written notice to the other party (Arbitration Notice) in the same manner that notice is permitted under Section 9.1 of the Agreement; provided, however, that the Arbitration Notice may not be given by email or fax. Arbitration will be deemed initiated as of the date that the Arbitration Notice is deemed physically delivered to such other party under Section 9.1 of the Agreement (the Service Date). After the Service Date, information may be delivered, and notices may be given, by email or fax pursuant to Section 9.1 of the Agreement or any other method permitted thereunder. The Arbitration Notice must describe the nature of the controversy, the remedies sought, and the election to commence Arbitration proceedings. All Claims in the Arbitration Notice must be pleaded consistent with the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure.

4.2 Selection and Payment of Arbitrator.

(a) Within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date, Investor shall select and submit to Company the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by JAMS (https://www.jamsadr.com/) (JAMS), the American Arbitration Association (AAA), or other arbitration service

provider agreed upon by the parties (such three (3) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral with JAMS, AAA, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties. Within five (5) calendar days after Investor has submitted to Company the names of the Proposed Arbitrators, Company must select, by written notice to Investor, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Company fails to select one of the Proposed Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then Investor may select the arbitrator from the Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to Company.

(b) If Investor fails to submit to Company the Proposed Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Service Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then Company may at any time prior to Investor so designating the Proposed Arbitrators, identify the names of three (3) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by JAMS or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties by written notice to Investor. Investor may then, within five (5) calendar days after Company has submitted notice of its Proposed Arbitrators to Investor, select, by written notice to Company, one (1) of the Proposed Arbitrators to act as the arbitrator for the parties under these Arbitration Provisions. If Investor fails to select in writing and within such 5-day period one (1) of the three (3) Proposed Arbitrators selected by Company, then Company may select the arbitrator from its three (3) previously selected Proposed Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to Investor.

(c) If a Proposed Arbitrator chosen to serve as arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the party that selected such Proposed Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other three (3) Proposed Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date the chosen Proposed Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as arbitrator. If all three (3) Proposed Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve as arbitrator, then the arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2.

(d) The date that the Proposed Arbitrator selected pursuant to this Paragraph 4.2 agrees in writing (including via email) delivered to both parties to serve as the arbitrator hereunder is referred to herein as the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an arbitrator resigns or is unable to act during the Arbitration, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with this Paragraph 4.2 to continue the Arbitration. If JAMS, AAA, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals and there is no successor thereto, then replacement arbitrators shall be selected by both parties within five (5) calendar days thereafter.

(e) Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, the cost of the arbitrator must be paid equally by both parties. Subject to Paragraph 4.10 below, if one party refuses or fails to pay its portion of the arbitrator fee, then the other party can advance such unpaid amount, with such amount being added to or subtracted from, as applicable, the Arbitration Award.

4.3 Applicability of Certain Massachusetts Rules. The parties agree that the Arbitration shall be conducted generally in accordance with the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure and the Massachusetts Rules of Evidence. More specifically, the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure shall apply, without limitation, to the filing of any pleadings, motions or memoranda, the conducting of discovery, and the taking of any depositions. The Massachusetts Rules of Evidence shall apply to any hearings, whether telephonic or in person, held by the arbitrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the parties intent that the incorporation of such rules will in no event supersede these Arbitration Provisions. In the event of any conflict between the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure or the Massachusetts Rules of Evidence and these Arbitration Provisions, these Arbitration Provisions shall control.

4.4 Answer and Default. An answer and any counterclaims to the Arbitration Notice shall be required to be delivered to the party initiating the Arbitration within twenty (20) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. If an answer is not delivered by the required deadline, the arbitrator must provide written notice to the defaulting party stating that the arbitrator will enter a default award against such party if such party does not file an answer within five (5) calendar days of receipt of such notice. If an answer is not filed within the five (5) day extension period, the arbitrator must render a default award, consistent with the relief requested in the Arbitration Notice, against a party that fails to submit an answer within such time period.

4.5 [Intentionally Omitted].

4.6 Discovery. The parties agree that discovery shall be conducted as follows:

(a) Written discovery will only be allowed if the likely benefits of the proposed written discovery outweigh the burden or expense thereof, and the written discovery sought is likely to reveal information that will satisfy a specific element of a claim or defense already pleaded in the Arbitration. The party seeking written discovery shall always have the burden of showing that all of the standards and limitations set forth in these Arbitration Provisions are satisfied. The scope of discovery in the Arbitration proceedings shall also be limited as follows:

(i) To facts directly connected with the transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

(ii) To facts and information that cannot be obtained from another source or in another manner that is more convenient, less burdensome or less expensive than in the manner requested.

(b) No party shall be allowed (i) more than fifteen (15) interrogatories (including discrete subparts), (ii) more than fifteen (15) requests for admission (including discrete subparts), (iii) more than ten (10) document requests (including discrete subparts), or (iv) more than three (3) depositions (excluding expert depositions) for a maximum of seven (7) hours per deposition. The costs associated with depositions will be borne by the party taking the deposition. The party defending the deposition will submit a notice to the party taking the deposition of the estimated attorneys fees that such party expects to incur in connection with defending the deposition. If the party defending the deposition fails to submit an estimate of attorneys fees within five (5) calendar days of its receipt of a deposition notice, then such party shall be deemed to have waived its right to the estimated attorneys fees. The party taking the deposition must pay the party defending the deposition the estimated attorneys fees prior to taking the deposition, unless such obligation is deemed to be waived as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. If the party taking the deposition believes that the estimated attorneys fees are unreasonable, such party may submit the issue to the arbitrator for a decision.

(c) All discovery requests (including document production requests included in deposition notices) must be submitted in writing to the arbitrator and the other party. The party submitting the written discovery requests must include with such discovery requests a detailed explanation of how the proposed discovery requests satisfy the requirements of these Arbitration Provisions and the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure. The receiving party will then be allowed, within five (5) calendar days of receiving the proposed discovery requests, to submit to the arbitrator an estimate of the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to such written discovery requests and a written challenge to each applicable discovery request. After receipt of an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or challenge(s) to one or more discovery requests, consistent with subparagraph (c) above, the arbitrator will within three (3) calendar days make a finding as to the likely attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests and issue an order that (i) requires the requesting party to prepay the attorneys fees and costs associated with responding to the discovery requests, and (ii) requires the responding party to respond to the discovery requests as limited by the arbitrator within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery requests. If a party entitled to submit an estimate of attorneys fees and costs and/or a challenge to discovery requests fails to do so within such 5-day period, the arbitrator will make a finding that (A) there are no attorneys fees or costs associated with responding to such discovery requests, and (B) the responding party must respond to such discovery requests (as may be limited by the arbitrator) within twenty-five (25) calendar days of the arbitrators finding with respect to such discovery requests. Any party submitting any written discovery requests, including without limitation interrogatories, requests for production subpoenas to a party or a third party, or requests for admissions, must prepay the estimated attorneys fees and costs, before the responding party has any obligation to produce or respond to the same, unless such obligation is deemed waived as set forth above.

(d) In order to allow a written discovery request, the arbitrator must find that the discovery request satisfies the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions and the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure. The arbitrator must strictly enforce these standards. If a discovery request does not satisfy any of the standards set forth in these Arbitration Provisions or the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure, the arbitrator may modify such discovery request to satisfy the applicable standards, or strike such discovery request in whole or in part.

(e) Each party may submit expert reports (and rebuttals thereto), provided that such reports must be submitted within sixty (60) days of the Arbitration Commencement Date. Each party will be allowed a maximum of two (2) experts. Expert reports must contain the following: (i) a complete statement of all opinions the expert will offer at trial and the basis and reasons for them; (ii) the experts name and qualifications, including a list of all the experts publications within the preceding ten (10) years, and a list of any other cases in which the expert has testified at trial or in a deposition or prepared a report within the preceding ten (10) years; and (iii) the compensation to be paid for the experts report and testimony. The parties are entitled to depose any other partys expert witness one (1) time for no more than four (4) hours. An expert may not testify in a partys case-in-chief concerning any matter not fairly disclosed in the expert report.

4.6 Dispositive Motions. Each party shall have the right to submit dispositive motions pursuant to the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure (a Dispositive Motion). The party submitting the Dispositive Motion may, but is not required to, deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in support (the Memorandum in Support) of the Dispositive Motion. Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Support, the other party shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a memorandum in opposition to the Memorandum

in Support (the Memorandum in Opposition). Within seven (7) calendar days of delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the party that submitted the Memorandum in Support shall deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a reply memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition (Reply Memorandum). If the applicable party shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the other party fails to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the applicable party shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Dispositive Motion shall proceed regardless.

4.7 Confidentiality. All information disclosed by either party (or such partys agents) during the Arbitration process (including without limitation information disclosed during the discovery process or any Appeal (defined below)) shall be considered confidential in nature. Each party agrees not to disclose any confidential information received from the other party (or its agents) during the Arbitration process (including without limitation during the discovery process or any Appeal) unless (a) prior to or after the time of disclosure such information becomes public knowledge or part of the public domain, not as a result of any inaction or action of the receiving party or its agents, (b) such information is required by a court order, subpoena or similar legal duress to be disclosed if such receiving party has notified the other party thereof in writing and given it a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order from a court of competent jurisdiction prior to disclosure, or (c) such information is disclosed to the receiving partys agents, representatives and legal counsel on a need to know basis who each agree in writing not to disclose such information to any third party. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to issue a protective order to prevent the disclosure of privileged information and confidential information upon the written request of either party.

4.8 Authorization; Timing; Scheduling Order. Subject to all other portions of these Arbitration Provisions, the parties hereby authorize and direct the arbitrator to take such actions and make such rulings as may be necessary to carry out the parties intent for the Arbitration proceedings to be efficient and expeditious. The parties hereby agree that an Arbitration Award must be made within one hundred twenty (120) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date. The arbitrator is hereby authorized and directed to hold a scheduling conference within ten (10) calendar days after the Arbitration Commencement Date in order to establish a scheduling order with various binding deadlines for discovery, expert testimony, and the submission of documents by the parties to enable the arbitrator to render a decision prior to the end of such 120-day period.

4.9 Relief. The arbitrator shall have the right to award or include in the Arbitration Award (or in a preliminary ruling) any relief which the arbitrator deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the arbitrator may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

4.10 Fees and Costs. As part of the Arbitration Award, the arbitrator is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party for all reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration.

5. Arbitration Appeal.

5.1 Initiation of Appeal. Following the entry of the Arbitration Award, either party (the Appellant) shall have a period of thirty (30) calendar days in which to notify the other party (the Appellee), in writing, that the Appellant elects to appeal (the Appeal) the Arbitration Award (such notice, an Appeal Notice) to a panel of arbitrators as provided in Paragraph 5.2 below. The date the Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee is referred to herein as the Appeal Date. The Appeal Notice must be delivered to the Appellee in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 4.1 above with respect to delivery of an Arbitration Notice. In addition, together with delivery of the Appeal Notice to the Appellee, the Appellant must also pay for (and provide proof of such payment to the Appellee together with delivery of the Appeal Notice) a bond in the amount of 110% of the sum the Appellant owes to the Appellee as a result of the Arbitration Award the Appellant is appealing. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of this Paragraph 5.1, the Appeal will occur as a matter of right and, except as specifically set forth herein, will not be further conditioned. In the event a party does not deliver an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline prescribed in this Paragraph 5.1, such party shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award. If no party delivers an Appeal Notice (along with proof of payment of the applicable bond) to the other party within the deadline described in this Paragraph 5.1, the Arbitration Award shall be final. The parties acknowledge and agree that any Appeal shall be deemed part of the parties agreement to arbitrate for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act.

5.2 Selection and Payment of Appeal Panel. In the event an Appellant delivers an Appeal Notice to the Appellee (together with proof of payment of the applicable bond) in compliance with the provisions of Paragraph 5.1 above, the Appeal will be heard by a three (3) person arbitration panel (the Appeal Panel).

(a) Within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date, the Appellee shall select and submit to the Appellant the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by JAMS, AAA, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (such five (5) designated persons hereunder are referred to herein as the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators). For the avoidance of doubt, each Proposed Appeal Arbitrator must be qualified as a neutral with JAMS, AAA, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties, and shall not be the arbitrator who rendered the Arbitration Award being appealed (the Original Arbitrator). Within five (5) calendar days after the Appellee has submitted to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, the Appellant must select, by written notice to the Appellee, three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators to act as the members of the Appeal Panel. If the Appellant fails to select three (3) of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators in writing within such 5-day period, then the Appellee may select such three (3) arbitrators from the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellant.

(b) If the Appellee fails to submit to the Appellant the names of the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within ten (10) calendar days after the Appeal Date pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, then the Appellant may at any time prior to the Appellee so designating the Proposed Appeal Arbitrators, identify the names of five (5) arbitrators that are designated as neutrals or qualified arbitrators by JAMS, AAA, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties (none of whom may be the Original Arbitrator) by written notice to the Appellee. The Appellee may then, within five (5) calendar days after the Appellant has submitted notice of its selected arbitrators to the Appellee, select, by written notice to the Appellant, three (3) of such selected arbitrators to serve on the Appeal Panel. If the Appellee fails to select in writing within such 5-day period three (3) of the arbitrators selected by the Appellant to serve as the members of the Appeal Panel, then the Appellant may select the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel from the Appellants list of five (5) arbitrators by providing written notice of such selection to the Appellee.

(c) If a selected Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or is otherwise unable to serve, then the party that selected such Proposed Appeal Arbitrator may select one (1) of the other five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators within three (3) calendar days of the date a chosen Proposed Appeal Arbitrator declines or notifies the parties he or she is unable to serve as an arbitrator. If at least three (3) of the five (5) designated Proposed Appeal Arbitrators decline or are otherwise unable to serve, then the Proposed Appeal Arbitrator selection process shall begin again in accordance with this Paragraph 5.2; provided, however, that any Proposed Appeal Arbitrators who have already agreed to serve shall remain on the Appeal Panel.

(d) The date that all three (3) Proposed Appeal Arbitrators selected pursuant to this Paragraph 5.2 agree in writing (including via email) delivered to both the Appellant and the Appellee to serve as members of the Appeal Panel hereunder is referred to herein as the Appeal Commencement Date. No later than five (5) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellee shall designate in writing (including via email) to the Appellant and the Appeal Panel the name of one (1) of the three (3) members of the Appeal Panel to serve as the lead arbitrator in the Appeal proceedings. Each member of the Appeal Panel shall be deemed an arbitrator for purposes of these Arbitration Provisions and the Arbitration Act, provided that, in conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel may only act or make determinations upon the approval or vote of no less than the majority vote of its members, as announced or communicated by the lead arbitrator on the Appeal Panel. If an arbitrator on the Appeal Panel ceases or is unable to act during the Appeal proceedings, a replacement arbitrator shall be chosen in accordance with Paragraph 5.2 above to continue the Appeal as a member of the Appeal Panel. If JAMS, AAA, or other arbitration service provider agreed upon by the parties ceases to exist or to provide a list of neutrals, then replacement arbitrators shall be selected by both parties within five (5) calendar days thereafter.

(d) Subject to Paragraph 5.7 below, the cost of the Appeal Panel must be paid entirely by the Appellant.

5.3 Appeal Procedure. The Appeal will be deemed an appeal of the entire Arbitration Award. In conducting the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall conduct a de novo review of all Claims described or otherwise set forth in the Arbitration Notice. Subject to the foregoing and all other provisions of this Paragraph 5, the Appeal Panel shall conduct the Appeal in a manner the Appeal Panel considers appropriate for a fair and expeditious disposition of the Appeal, may hold one or more hearings and permit oral argument, and may review all previous evidence and discovery, together with all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (as well as any documents filed with the Appeal Panel pursuant to Paragraph 5.4(a) below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the Appeal, the Appeal Panel shall not permit the parties to conduct any additional discovery or raise

any new Claims to be arbitrated, shall not permit new witnesses or affidavits, and shall not base any of its findings or determinations on the Original Arbitrators findings or the Arbitration Award.

5.4 Timing.

(a) Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, the Appellant (i) shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Appeal Panel copies of the Appeal Notice, all discovery conducted in connection with the Arbitration, and all briefs, pleadings and other documents filed with the Original Arbitrator (which material Appellee shall have the right to review and supplement if necessary), and (ii) may, but is not required to, deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Memorandum in Support of the Appellants arguments concerning or position with respect to all Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellants delivery of the Memorandum in Support, as applicable, the Appellee shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellant a Memorandum in Opposition to the Memorandum in Support. Within seven (7) calendar days of the Appellees delivery of the Memorandum in Opposition, as applicable, the Appellant shall deliver to the Appeal Panel and to the Appellee a Reply Memorandum to the Memorandum in Opposition. If the Appellant shall fail to substantially comply with the requirements of clause (i) of this subparagraph (a), the Appellant shall lose its right to appeal the Arbitration Award, and the Arbitration Award shall be final. If the Appellee shall fail to deliver the Memorandum in Opposition as required above, or if the Appellant shall fail to deliver the Reply Memorandum as required above, then the Appellee or the Appellant, as the case may be, shall lose its right to so deliver the same, and the Appeal shall proceed regardless.

(b) Subject to subparagraph (a) above, the parties hereby agree that the Appeal must be heard by the Appeal Panel within thirty (30) calendar days of the Appeal Commencement Date, and that the Appeal Panel must render its decision within thirty (30) calendar days after the Appeal is heard (and in no event later than sixty (60) calendar days after the Appeal Commencement Date).

5.5 Appeal Panel Award. The Appeal Panel shall issue its decision (the Appeal Panel Award) through the lead arbitrator on the Appeal Panel. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, the Appeal Panel Award shall (a) supersede in its entirety and make of no further force or effect the Arbitration Award (provided that any protective orders issued by the Original Arbitrator shall remain in full force and effect), (b) be final and binding upon the parties, with no further rights of appeal, (c) be the sole and exclusive remedy between the parties regarding any Claims, counterclaims, issues, or accountings presented or pleaded in the Arbitration, and (d) be promptly payable in United States dollars free of any tax, deduction or offset (with respect to monetary awards). Any costs or fees, including without limitation attorneys fees, incurred in connection with or incident to enforcing the Appeal Panel Award shall, to the maximum extent permitted by law, be charged against the party resisting such enforcement. Judgment upon the Appeal Panel Award will be entered and enforced by a state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

5.6 Relief. The Appeal Panel shall have the right to award or include in the Appeal Panel Award any relief which the Appeal Panel deems proper under the circumstances, including, without limitation, specific performance and injunctive relief, provided that the Appeal Panel may not award exemplary or punitive damages.

5.7 Fees and Costs. As part of the Appeal Panel Award, the Appeal Panel is hereby directed to require the losing party (the party being awarded the least amount of money by the arbitrator, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any party) to (a) pay the full amount of any unpaid costs and fees of the Arbitration and the Appeal Panel, and (b) reimburse the prevailing party (the party being awarded the most amount of money by the Appeal Panel, which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined without regard to any statutory fines, penalties, fees, or other charges awarded to any part) the reasonable attorneys fees, arbitrator and Appeal Panel costs and fees, deposition costs, other discovery costs, and other expenses, costs or fees paid or otherwise incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the Arbitration (including without limitation in connection with the Appeal).

6. Miscellaneous.

6.1 Severability. If any part of these Arbitration Provisions is found to violate or be illegal under applicable law, then such provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision enforceable under applicable law, and the remainder of the Arbitration Provisions shall remain unaffected and in full force and effect.

6.2 Governing Law. These Arbitration Provisions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws principles therein, except as expressly provided for in these Arbitration Provisions.

6.3 Interpretation. The headings of these Arbitration Provisions are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, these Arbitration Provisions.

6.4 Waiver. No waiver of any provision of these Arbitration Provisions shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting the waiver.

6.5 Time is of the Essence. Time is expressly made of the essence with respect to each and every provision of these Arbitration Provisions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tivc-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of March 18, 2025, by and between TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (together with it permitted assigns, the Investor). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the equity purchase agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Purchase Agreement").

WHEREAS:

The Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor up to Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00) of Put Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) and to induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the "Securities Act"), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a. "Investor" shall have the meaning set forth above.

b. "Person" means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

c. "Register," "registered," and "registration" refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

d. "Registrable Securities" means all of the Put Shares which have been, or which may, from time to time be issued, including without limitation all of the shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Common Stock) which have been issued or will be issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement (without regard to any beneficial ownership or restriction on purchases therein), and all of the Commitment Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Commitment Shares), without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership or restriction on purchases therein, and shares of Common Stock issued to the Investor as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, without regard to any limitation on beneficial ownership in the Purchase Agreement.

1

e. "Registration Statement" means one or more registration statements of the Company.

2. REGISTRATION.

a. Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within forty-five (45) calendar days from the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor (beginning with all of the Commitment Shares for Investors resale of the Registrable Securities), including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), subject to the aggregate number of authorized shares of the Companys Common Stock then available for issuance in its Certificate of Incorporation. The initial Registration Statement shall register only the Registrable Securities. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion therein. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC within ninety (90) calendar days from the date hereof, and any amendment to the Registration Statement thereafter declared effective by the SEC at the earliest possible date. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective, including but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor may sell all of the Registerable Securities without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and (ii) the date on which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable Securities and the Maximum Commitment Amount (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) under the Purchase Agreement has been drawn down by the Company pursuant to a Registration Statement (the "Registration Period"). The Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. In the event that (i) the Registration Statement or New Registration Statement (as defined below) becomes stale after the initial effectiveness of such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement and (ii) the Investor still has ownership of any of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall promptly file one or more post-effective amendments to facilitate the SECs declaration of effectiveness with respect to such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement.

b. Rule 424 Prospectus. The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file (in each case, at the earliest possible date) with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and prospectus supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement. The Company shall file such initial prospectus covering the Investors sale of the Registrable Securities on the same date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. The Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon such prospectus within one (1) Business Day from the date the Investor receives the final pre-filing version of such prospectus.

c. Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Registration Statement is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a New Registration

2

Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises, subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, including any position of the staff of the SEC (the Staff) with respect to the date on which the Staff will permit such additional Registration Statement(s) to be filed with the SEC and the rules and regusltions of the SEC and any Principal Market. The Company shall use it reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof.

d. Offering. If the Staff or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration Statement to become or remain effective and be used for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), or if after the filing of the initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such initial Registration Statement (with the prior consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, of the Investor and its legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor. Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the Companys obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff as addressed in this Section 2(d).

3. RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section 2, including on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

a. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

b. The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) Business Days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) Business Days from the date the Investor receives the substantially final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge, any correspondence from the SEC or the Staff

3

to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement.

c. Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the prospectus included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, any filing available to the Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to the Investor hereunder.

d. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement under such other securities or "blue sky" laws of such jurisdictions in the United States required by applicable law, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

e. As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such registration statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment to the Investor (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify the Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Investor by email on the same day of such effectiveness), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Company's reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate.

f. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify

4

the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

g. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

h. The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of the Registrable Securities (not bearing any restrictive legend) either by DWAC, DRS, or in certificated form if DWAC or DRS is unavailable, to be offered pursuant to any registration statement and enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and registered in such names as the Investor may request.

i. The Company shall at all times maintain services of a transfer agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock.

j. If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information relating solely to the Investor as the Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement.

k. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

l. Within one (1) Business Day after any registration statement which includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Thereafter, if requested by the Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to the Investor a written confirmation whether or not the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not the registration statement is current and available to the Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

m. The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement.

5

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

a. The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection with any registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request.

b. The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any registration statement hereunder and responding to the comments and queries from the SEC, if any, in connection therewith.

c. The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until the Investor's receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to promptly deliver shares of Common Stock without any restrictive legend in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, as applicable, in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investor's receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees incurred by the Company, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company (but not counsel for the Investor), shall be paid by the Company.

6. INDEMNIFICATION.

a. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person, if any, who controls the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Investor and each Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") (each, an "Indemnified Person"), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys' fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several (collectively, "Claims") incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto ("Indemnified Damages"), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered ("Blue Sky Filing"), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated

6

therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being, collectively, "Violations"). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (iv) shall not cover Violations caused by a material breach of any Indemnified Persons representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents, any Indemnified Persons violation of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by any Indemnified Person that constitutes fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct; and (v) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.

b. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the Company a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the Company shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the Company so desires to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the Company and the Indemnified Person; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the Company, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person and the Company would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the Company and shall furnish to the Company all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The Company shall keep the Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. The Company shall

7

not be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that the Company shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. The Company shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the Company shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the Company within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve the Company of any liability to the Indemnified Person under this Section 6, except to the extent that the Company is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

c. The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

d. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7. CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification by the Company is prohibited or limited by law, the Company agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8. REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration ("Rule 144"), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, to:

a. make and keep current public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

b. file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements;

c. furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration; and

8

d. take such additional action as is reasonably requested by the Investor to enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Companys transfer agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that Investor shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to seek to obtain equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent injunctions, without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

9.

ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor. The Investor may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company.

10. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

No provision of this Agreement may be (i) amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or (ii) waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

a. A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

b. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to:

TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

47685 Lakeview Blvd.

Fremont, CA, 94538

Email: corporate@tivichealth.com

Attention: Jennifer Ernst

With a mandatory copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

9

Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.

3611 Valley Centre Dr., #500

San Diego, CA 92130

Attention: Christopher Tinen

Email: ctinen@swlaw.com

If to the Investor:

MAST HILL FUND, L.P.

150 Grossman Drive, Suite 205

Braintree, MA 02184

e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com

or at such other address, email address, and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender's email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

c. The Company and Investor shall submit all Claims (as defined in Exhibit C of the Purchase Agreement) (the Claims) arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties and their affiliates or any Claim relating to the relationship of the parties to binding arbitration pursuant to the arbitration provisions set forth in Exhibit C of the Purchase Agreement (the Arbitration Provisions). The Company and Investor hereby acknowledge and agree that the Arbitration Provisions are unconditionally binding on the Company and Investor hereto and are severable from all other provisions of this Agreement. By executing this Agreement, Company represents, warrants and covenants that Company has reviewed the Arbitration Provisions carefully, consulted with legal counsel about such provisions (or waived its right to do so), understands that the Arbitration Provisions are intended to allow for the expeditious and efficient resolution of any dispute hereunder, agrees to the terms and limitations set forth in the Arbitration Provisions, and that Company will not take a position contrary to the foregoing representations. Company acknowledges and agrees that Investor may rely upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Company regarding the Arbitration Provisions. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Delaware. The Company and Investor consent to and expressly agree that the exclusive venue for arbitration of any Claims arising under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates (including but not limited to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) or any Claim relating to the relationship of the Company and Investor or their respective affiliates shall be in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Without modifying the Companys and Investors obligations to resolve disputes hereunder pursuant to the Arbitration Provisions, for any litigation arising in connection with any of the Transaction Documents (and notwithstanding the terms (specifically including any governing law and venue terms) of any transfer agent services agreement or other agreement between the Companys transfer agent and the Company, such litigation specifically includes, without limitation any action between or involving Company and the Companys transfer agent or otherwise related to Investor in any way (specifically including, without

10

limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason)), each party hereto hereby (i) consents to and expressly submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, (ii) expressly submits to the exclusive venue of any such court for the purposes hereof, (iii) agrees to not bring any such action (specifically including, without limitation, any action where Company seeks to obtain an injunction, temporary restraining order, or otherwise prohibit the Companys transfer agent from issuing shares of Common Stock to Investor for any reason) outside of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and (iv) waives any claim of improper venue and any claim or objection that such courts are an inconvenient forum or any other claim, defense or objection to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdiction or to any claim that such venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, nothing herein shall limit, or shall be deemed or construed to limit, the ability of the Investor to realize on any collateral or any other security, or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Investor, including through a legal action in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Company hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, and any claim that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper (including but not limited to based upon forum non conveniens). EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The Company irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to Company at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this Agreement or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorneys fees and costs. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

d. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, and all other ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and Investor therewith constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, and all other ancillary documentation entered into between the Company and Investor therewith supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

e. Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto.

f. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

11

g. This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by e-mail in a .pdf format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

h. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

i. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

j. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

* * * * * *

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written.

THE COMPANY:

TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Jennifer Ernst 

Name: JENNIFER ERNST 

Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

INVESTOR:

MAST HILL FUND, L.P.

By: 

/s/ Patrick Hassani 

Name: PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

[Signature Page to registration rights agreement]

13

EXHIBIT A

TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______, 2025

________________

________________

Re: Effectiveness of Registration Statement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We are counsel to TIVIC HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection with that certain Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), entered into by and between the Company and MAST HILL FUND, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to the Investor common shares of the Company, $0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock), in an amount up to Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000.00) (the Put Shares), as well as the Commitment Shares (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Commitment Shares) in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. In connection with the transactions contemplated by thePurchase Agreement, the Company has registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission the following shares of Common Stock:

(1)

__________ Put Shares to be issued to the Investor upon purchase from the Company by the Investor from time to time in accordance with the Purchase Agreement; and

(2)

__________ Commitment Shares issued to the Investor in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things, to register the Put Shares and Commitment Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In connection with the Company's obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on [_____], 2025, the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[_________]) (the Registration Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the resale of the Put Shares and Commitment Shares.

In connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SEC's staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [_____] [A.M./P.M.] on [__________], 2025 and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SEC's staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Put Shares and Commitment Shares are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend.

Very truly yours,

[Company Counsel]

By:____________________

cc: MAST HILL FUND, L.P.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

For Immediate Release

Tivic Reports Year End 2024 Financial Results and Provides 

Overview of Strategy for Transformation and Growth

Pre-recorded Conference Call and Webcast to Follow Today at 1:30 PM PDT / 4:30 PM EDT

FREMONT, Calif. March 21, 2025 Tivic Health Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: TIVC), a diversified therapeutics company, today announced year end December 31, 2024 financial results, highlighted key developments in its clinical program expansion and discussed progress made across the companys operations.

The important strategic events of the past several months have been nothing short of transformative, stated Tivic Health Chief Executive Officer, Jennifer Ernst. We have successfully reshaped the company by expanding Tivics opportunities in the biotech sector by in-licensing a late-stage biologic immunotherapy and advancing our ongoing work on our next-generation non-invasive cervical vagus nerve stimulation (ncVNS) devices.

Our expansion into drug development with our newly licensed TLR5 agonist assets not only gives us a late-stage drug candidate in the target market of treating acute radiation syndrome, or ARS, but also lays the foundation for building a biopharmaceutical program with a robust pipeline focused on immune dysregulation. Simultaneously, work is progressing well on Tivics ncVNS device program, having recently reported important study results that indicate our patent-pending personalized approach has the potential to treat inflammatory, cardiac and neurologic disorders without the need for invasive surgeries or pharmaceuticals, added Ernst.

As we look further into 2025 and the evolution of the company, our confidence grows as we prepare to move into disease-specific clinical trials for ncVNS later this year. We continue our focus on achieving upcoming key milestones and view this year as one of growth and progress that will continue to reshape Tivic for the benefit of patients in need and shareholders alike, concluded Ernst.

In the fourth quarter 2024 and subsequent weeks, the company announced the following developments:

Acquired from Statera Biopharma worldwide exclusive license rights to the late-stage TLR5 agonist Entolimod for the treatment of acute radiation syndrome (ARS), as well as the exclusive option to license five additional indications for Entolimod and its derivative, Entolasta. 

Named former CEO, President and Chairman of Statera Biopharma, Michael Handley, to the newly created posts of Chief Operating Officer of Tivic Health and President of Tivic Biopharma. Handley will be responsible for establishing and leading Tivic Healths biopharmaceutical operations. 

Presented a poster at the Sixth Bioelectronic Medicine Summit showing that personalizing ncVNS resulted in optimized effects on autonomic nervous system activity. Tivic Health believes these findings strongly support its strategy of developing highly personalized neuromodulation devices that will better treat inflammatory, cardiac and neurologic disorders without the need for invasive surgeries or pharmaceuticals, both of which carry side effects and risks. The study is the result of an ongoing research collaboration with The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research. 

Completed enrollment for the optimization study for Tivics patent pending, ncVNS device. The results of this study will be combined with the commercial and market research conducted by growth strategy 

firm, Fletcher Spaght, to inform the selection and prioritization of indications that Tivic expects to advance into disease-specific trials and product development in 2025.

Further expanded the scope of the optimization study currently underway for its ncVNS device following positive findings related to achieving enhanced effects on autonomic nervous system function. 

Expanded its intellectual property portfolio, bringing the total number of patents issued and pending to 27. Separately, Tivic exclusively licensed rights under more than 60 patents from Statera related to Entolimod and Entolasta. 

Executed a 1-for-17 reverse stock split of the companys issued and outstanding shares of common stock, which commenced trading on a post-split basis on March 7 and resulted in 10 days trading above Nasdaq minimum bid price on March 21.

Appointed Lisa Wolf as interim CFO. She brings 30 years of financial leadership experience in both public and private companies across industries including served as chief accounting officer of Nasdaq-listed Resonant, Inc., where she played a pivotal role in the companys growth and successful acquisition in 2022. 

Invested in and deployed a new e-commerce web infrastructure for ClearUP to enhance conversation rates, as well as upgraded the Tivic Health investor relations website. 

Secured access to a $25M equity line of credit to support the company's advance research programs, which, if fully utilized, would fully fund commercialization of Entolimod.

Decreased year-over-year net loss by 30 percent.

Financial Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2024:

Revenue (net of returns) totaled $0.8 million, compared to $1.2 million, for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decline was primarily due to a decrease in unit sales of 41 percent, in line with reductions in marketing spend. 

Cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 decreased 12 percent to $0.8 million from $0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the 41 percent decrease in unit sales. Cost of sales for 2024 included inventory reserves of $354,000 compared with inventory reserves of $32,000 in 2023. Additionally, in 2024, the company incurred $21,000 of disposal costs related to returns received prior to the launch of ClearUP 2.0 in early 2024. 

Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $2,000 compared with $287,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023. The lower 2024 gross profit was primarily due to $354,000 in inventory reserves recorded for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $32,000 a year ago. Reserves related to excess inventory purchased during supply chain shortages.

Total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $5.7 million compared with $8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Going forward, Tivic plans to increase its research and development investments in its vagus nerve platform and clinical applications and to advance the development of Tivics licensed TLR5 agonist programs, specifically, Entolimod and Entolasta.

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $5.7 million, down from $8.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Cash and equivalents at December 31, 2024 totaled $2.0 million, compared with $3.4 million at December 31, 2023. The company had working capital of $2.4 million at year end 2024. 

Conference Call and Webcast Information

Tivic Health will make available a pre-recorded conference call and webcast today at 1:30 PM PDT / 4:30 PM EDT.

Teleconference Details:

Toll Free: 1-877-407-0779

International: 1-201-389-0914

Conference ID Code: 13752399

Webcast Link: https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1711877&tp_key=ce7eaa5c39

An audio replay of the call will be available for the next 90 days from the investor page on the Tivic Health website at: https://ir.tivichealth.com/

About Tivic Health

Tivic Health is a diversified therapeutics company harnessing the power of the immune and autonomic nervous systems to fight disease and restore health. Tivic Healths bioelectronic program is developing non-invasive medical devices to meaningfully improve treatment options in neurologic, cardiac and autonomic-related diseases. Tivic Health currently offers a bioelectronic, FDA-approved over-the-counter device, ClearUP, that treats sinus pain, pressure and congestion. ClearUP is available through online retailers, commercial distributors and at tivichealth.com. The bioelectronic portfolio today is primarily focused on non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation. Tivic Healths biologic program focuses on immunotherapeutics and the lead product candidate is the late-stage TLR5 agonist, Entolimod, to treat acute radiation syndrome. The FDA has granted Fast Track and Orphan Drug designation to Entolimod. For more information about Tivic Health, visit: https://ir.tivichealth.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, could, estimate, expect, intend, seek, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, target, aim, should, will would, or the negative of these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are based on Tivic Health Systems, Inc.s current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual results could differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement as a result of various factors, including, without limitation: the future development of Tivic Health's products and product candidates; Tivic Healths plans to seek, and ability to obtain, regulatory approval for its product candidates; timing and progress of clinical development of its product candidates; Tivic Healths ability to commercialize products arising out of its ncVNS program and TLR5 program; Tivic Healths continued focus on developing its ncVNS treatment, including in the epilepsy, post-traumatic stress disorder, and/or ischemic stroke space; expected clinical utility of its product candidates, including which patient populations may be pursued; market and other conditions; macroeconomic factors, including tariffs and economic uncertainty arising from geopolitical tensions; Tivic Health's ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, when needed; Tivic Health's ability to maintain its Nasdaq listing; uncertainties of intellectual property protection and litigation; and unexpected costs, charges or expenses that reduce Tivic Healths capital resources. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause Tivic Healths actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see Tivic Healths filings with the SEC, including, its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which will be filed with the SEC on or about March 21, 2025, under the heading Risk Factors; as well as the companys other filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of this date, and Tivic Health Systems, Inc. undertakes no duty to update such information except as required by applicable law.

Investor Contact:

Hanover International, Inc.

ir@tivichealth.com

Tivic Health Systems, Inc.

Condensed Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

December 31, 2024 

December 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

$ 

2,002 

$ 

3,395 

Other current assets 

637 

1,257 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

2,639 

4,652 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

119 

122 

NONCURRENT ASSETS 

49 

383 

TOTAL ASSETS 

$ 

2,807 

$ 

5,157 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

$ 

272 

$ 

1,208 

Other current liabilities 

193 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

272 

1,401 

TOTAL LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

176 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Common stock 

1 

Additional paid in capital 

46,075 

41,466 

Accumulated deficit 

(43,541 

) 

(37,886 

)

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

2,535 

3,580 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

$ 

2,807 

$ 

5,157 

Tivic Health Systems, Inc.

Condensed Statements of Operations

(in thousands, except share and per share data)

Year Ended December 31, 

2024 

2023 

REVENUES 

$ 

780 

$ 

1,176 

COST OF SALES 

778 

889 

GROSS PROFIT 

2 

287 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Research and development 

1,313 

1,655 

Sales and marketing 

1,187 

2,125 

General and administrative 

3,163 

4,752 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

5,663 

8,532 

NET OPERATING LOSS 

(5,661 

) 

(8,245 

)

NET LOSS 

$ 

(5,655 

) 

$ 

(8,244 

)

NET LOSS PER SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED 

$ 

(19.68 

) 

$ 

(176.80 

)

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES - BASIC AND DILUTED 

287,370 

46,650
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
Nasdaq: TIVC A diversified therapeutics company ir@tivichealth.com March 2025 Jennifer Ernst, CEO, Tivic Health

Tivic Transformation 2024 to 2025 Company transformation culminating: from single-product to a diversified therapeutics company - Start of 2024: one product in market, limited pipeline- Today: Growing pipeline of device and drug candidates that regulate autonomic and immune systems Commercial, FDA-approved product in market - Over-the-counter device relieves sinus congestion, headaches and pain, symptoms of inflammation (immune response)- Selling today through Amazon, Mckesson, Optum Store, Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Cardinal Health, FSA/HSA Store, and TivicHealth.com May 08, 2024: published industry-leading results on non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation- Opportunity to replace surgical implants with non-invasive devices- Potential target applications in neurologic, psychiatric, cardiac and autonomic nervous systems diseases - February 12, 2025: Newly licensed Phase III immunotherapy program (TLR5 agonist)- $140MM previously invested in program- Licensing program includes two molecules, six indications- Supported by numerous animal and human trials, 60+ patents and patents pending- Phase III for acute radiation syndrome; ready for manufacturing validation and scale-upMultiple commercial and clinical catalysts in next 12 months; potential new revenue within 2 years

Looking forward, a reinvented companyComplementary modalities create unique therapeutic pipeline Bioelectronic Devices that can reset a hyperactiveimmune system via neural pathways Biologic Drugs that can stimulate a hypoactiveimmune system through validated molecular pathways

Discovery Proof of Concept Phase I Phase II Phase III Commercial Bioelectronic ClearUP Sinus Pain and Congestion ncVNS Platform development; potential indications in: Neurologic Cardiac Autonomic Biologic (drug) Entolimod Acute Radiation Syndrome Immunosenescence* Lymphocyte Exhaustion* Acute Neutropenia* Vaccine Adjuvant* Entolasta* Chronic Radiation Syndrome* Chronic Neutropenia* 2nd Gen Lymphocyte Exhaustion* Subject of licensing program with Statera Biopharma, Inc. * Tivic rights subject to exercise of exclusive license options and additional payments Looking forward, a reinvented companyComplementary modalities create unique therapeutic pipeline

One commercial product, ClearUP (Trigeminal Nerve Stimulation) Clinically proven to clear congestion, relieve sinus pain 16 patents Peer-reviewed papers Est. $9.1B+ US market opportunity based on consumer research+ ~$200 ASP, Gross margin above 65% since September 2024* 2024 Improvements: Product redesign / relaunch Restructured supply chain Operationalized partnership with Mckesson Marketing optimization in progress + Estimated based on market research conducted by Intellgo Insights, 2000 participants, sponsored by Tivic Health* NON-GAAP net of reserves and adjustments** Reviews as of May 20, 2025 via Yotpo Review Platform hosted on TivicHealth.com TIVICHEALTH.COM Available through Bioelectronic **

Vagus Nerve: High-value Medical Target Current vagus nerve stimulators are primarily surgical implants. Vagus Nerve Clinical Testing conducted by The Institute of Bioelectronic Medicine at Bioelectronic Vagus nerve regulates autonomic nervous system, neurologic, cardiac and immune functions; engages every major organ Current VNS approaches are surgically implanted Tivic has demonstrated medical grade, NON-INVASIVE, VNS Clinically meaningful effects on heart rate, brainwaves, autonomic nervous system 20-minute treatment produced 2x increase in heart rate variability (2.7x increase in responders) and over 60% decrease in gamma waves Clinical optimization study for platform expected to concludeApril 2025 Proprietary market research identified targets in neurologic, cardiac, and autonomic disease Tivic creating non-invasive VNS option Concept Illustration

Vagus Nerve Stimulation Market Bioelectronic Dominant Approach: Surgically Implanted VNS Rigorous clinical testing FDA regulated and approved Prescribed for medical indications Adoption limited by surgical requirement Approved for Epilepsy,Depression Clinical stage for Rheumatoid Arthritis, Crohns Disease GSK/Verily JV Clinical Stage for Rheumatoid Arthritis Approved for Stroke Rehabilitation Approved for Migraine, Cluster Headache Approved for Opioid Withdrawal Potential targets based on recent VNS data include: Stroke Rehabilitation, PTSD, Cardiovascular Disease, and others DIFFERENTIATION OPPORTUNITIES Disease target, circuitry, form factor, signal optimization, stimulation parameters, electrode placement. Tivic Target:Medical-grade, Non-Invasive VNS Rigorous clinical testing FDA regulated and approved Prescribed for medical indications Broader applicability than surgical implants

TLR5 Program: In-licensing Agreement Entolimod and Entolasta are biologic drugs engineered to activate the immune system via agonism of the toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5) Entolimod and Entolasta have undergone numerous animal and human trials; ready for validation, manufacturing and FDA submission Over $140MM previously invested in TLR5 program at Statera Biopharma Acute Radiation Syndrome (ARS) first indication results from high-dose, short-term exposure to ionizing radiation which damages tissues and organ systems. The FDA has granted Entolimod Fast Track for ARS The FDA has granted Enolimod Orphan Drug Status for Pediatric ARS Emergency Use designation may allow pre-approval revenue in OUS markets; considered a stockpile drug No human trials remaining on Entolimod for ARS. Biologic

TLR5 Program: Additional Indications In addition to ARS, the Statera licensing agreement comprehends multiple additional indications; flexibility to manage investment. ImmunosenescenceThe gradual age-related decline in the immune systems function. Entolimod has successfully completed a phase 2 randomized controlled trial for age-related immune system dysfunction at the Mayo Clinic. Neutropenia (acute & chronic)A condition characterized by an abnormally low number of neutrophils (white blood cells), which can result from chemotherapy, radiation, bone marrow disorders, and certain autoimmune conditions. Entolimod has been tested on humans and demonstrated utility in healthy patients and cancer patients for treating Neutropenia. Lymphocyte Exhaustion A condition that occurs when immune cells, particularly T cells, become less effective after being exposed to infection, cancer, and/or cancer treatments (e.g., radiation and/or chemotherapy). Tested in similar fashion to Neutropenia. Chronic Radiation SyndromeCondition caused by long-term exposure to low levels of radiation, seen in medical radiation treatments, X-rays, CT scans, nuclear residue, occupational exposure. Vaccine AdjuvantA product given simultaneously added to a vaccine to enhance the immune response and improve its effectiveness. Biologic

Recap Company transformation culminating: from single-product to a diversified therapeutics company - Start of 2024: one product in market, limited pipeline- Today: Growing pipeline of device and drug candidates that regulate autonomic and immune systems Commercial, FDA-approved product in market - Over-the-counter device relieves sinus congestion, headaches and pain, symptoms of inflammation (immune response)- Selling today through Amazon, Mckesson, Optum Store, Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Cardinal Health, FSA/HSA Store, and TivicHealth.com May 08, 2024: published industry-leading results on non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation- Opportunity to replace surgical implants with non-invasive devices- Potential target applications in neurologic, psychiatric, cardiac and autonomic nervous systems diseases - February 12, 2025: Newly licensed Phase III immunotherapy program (TLR5 agonist)- $140MM previously invested in program- Licensing program includes two molecules, six indications- Supported by numerous animal and human trials, 60+ patents and patents pending- Phase III for acute radiation syndrome; ready for manufacturing validation and scale-upMultiple commercial and clinical catalysts in next 12 months; potential new revenue within 2 years

Nasdaq: TIVC A diversified therapeutics company ir@tivichealth.com March 2025 Jennifer Ernst, CEO, Tivic Health
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>img553027_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s1.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s2.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s3.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s4.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s5.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s6.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s7.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s8.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s9.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s10.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tivc-ex99_2s11.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tivc-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Tivic Health Systems, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001787740

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity File Number 001-41052

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-4016391

Entity Address, Address Line One 47685 Lakeview Blvd.

Entity Address, City or Town Fremont

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94538

City Area Code 888

Local Phone Number 276-6888

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol TIVC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.tivichealthsystems.com/20250318/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tivc-20250318.htm 
tivc-20250318.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-043166-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>tivc-20250318_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001787740 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

false 
0001787740 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
Tivic Health Systems, Inc. 
DE 
001-41052 
81-4016391 
47685 Lakeview Blvd. 
Fremont 
CA 
94538 
888 
276-6888 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
TIVC 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>