<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-009273.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-009273.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127170508
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-009273
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250123
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Urgent.ly Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001603652
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				462848640
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41841
		FILM NUMBER:		25559960

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8609 WESTWOOD CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 810
		CITY:			VIENNA
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182
		BUSINESS PHONE:		571-350-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8609 WESTWOOD CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 810
		CITY:			VIENNA
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>uly-20250123.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0001603652false00016036522025-01-232025-01-23

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):January 23, 2025

URGENT.LY INC.

(Exact name of registrant, as specified in its charter)

Delaware 

001-41841 

46-2848640

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

8609 Westwood Center Drive, Suite 810

Vienna, VA22182

(Address of principal executive

offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (571) 350-3600

Former name or address, if changed since last report: Not Applicable.

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 

ULY 

NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Director Appointment

On January 23, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Urgent.ly Inc. (the Company) increased the size of the Board to eight directors and, upon the recommendation of the nominating and corporate governance committee of the Board, appointed Alexandre Zyngier to serve as a Class III director, with an initial term expiring at the Companys 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. The Board has determined not to appoint Mr. Zyngier to any committees at this time.

Mr. Zyngier has served as the Managing Director and Founder of Batuta Capital Advisors LLC, a private investment and advisory firm, since 2013. He also serves on the board of directors of Unifin Financiera SAB de CV, a Mexican finance company since August 2024, NuRide Inc., a reorganized Company pursuing certain caused of action and potential combinations or acquisitions, Slam Corp, a public special purpose acquisition company, since February 2023, COFINA Puerto Rico, the taxing authority of Puerto Rico, since February 2019, Atari SA, a public video game company, since August 2014 and certain other private entities. Mr. Zyngier previously served on the board of directors of Appvion Holding Corp, a private paper and packaging company, GT Advanced Technologies Inc., a private advanced materials company, Torchlight Energy Resources Inc., a public exploration and production company, Eileen Fisher Inc., a private retail company, AudioEye, Inc, a public software company, and certain other public and private companies. Mr. Zyngier earned his MBA in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago.

The Board determined that Mr. Zyngier meets the requirements for independence under the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In accordance with the Companys Outside Director Compensation Policy, Mr. Zyngier is eligible to participate in the Companys standard compensation arrangements for non-employee directors which consists of cash and equity compensation for service on the Board. Pursuant to the Outside Director Compensation Policy, Mr. Zyngier is entitled to $50,000 in annual cash compensation for service on the Board with additional cash compensation payable for any committee service. In addition, Mr. Zyngier is eligible for equity awards consistent with the terms of the Outside Director Compensation Policy.

Mr. Zyngier was appointed in accordance with the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, among the Company, the other loan parties party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as administrative and collateral agent, as most recently amended by the Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated December 31, 2024. There are no family relationships between Mr. Zyngier and any other director or executive officer of the Company.

The Company has entered into its standard form of indemnification agreement with Mr. Zyngier, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the S-4 Registration Statement. Other than the indemnification agreement, Mr. Zyngier does not have any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, nor are any such transactions currently proposed.

Executive Employment Agreements

On January 26, 2025, the Board, following a recommendation by the compensation committee of the Board, approved an Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement for Matthew Booth, the Companys Chief Executive Officer and President (as amended, the Booth Employment Agreement), and a Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement for Timothy Huffmyer, the Companys Chief Financial Officer (as amended, the Huffmyer Employment Agreement and together with the Booth Employment Agreement, the Employment Agreements). The prior employment agreements, the terms of which are disclosed in the Companys Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 29, 2024, were entered into in February 2023 and the terms were not re-evaluated in connection with the Companys acquisition of Otonomo Technologies Ltd. and concurrent listing of its common stock on Nasdaq in October 2023. Following the one-year anniversary of the completion of those transactions, and in connection with its annual evaluation of executive performance and compensation, the Board and the compensation committee of the Board felt it was appropriate to, in consultation with the Companys independent compensation consultant, evaluate and amend the prior employment agreements to provide for market standard severance provisions with respect to resignation for good reason in addition to the provision for severance with respect to termination other than for cause.

As amended and restated, the material terms of the Employment Agreements are unchanged from the prior employment agreements, except as described herein. The Employment Agreements now provide that, in addition to with respect to a termination of employment without cause (as defined in the applicable Employment Agreement), Mr. Booth and Mr. Huffmyer will be eligible for severance benefits with respect to a resignation with good reason (as defined in the applicable Employment Agreement) (a termination either without cause or for good reason, an Involuntary Termination) and add the payment of the target bonus assuming target performance as a cash severance benefit, less in each case all applicable withholdings and deductions. The Employment Agreements extend the change of control period such that it commences three months prior to the effective date of a

change in control (each as defined in the applicable Employment Agreements), and provide that, with respect to an Involuntary Termination occurring within the change of control period, Mr. Booth or Mr. Huffmyer, as applicable, will be eligible for a lump sum payment in the amount of two times the aggregate cash severance payable in connection with an Involuntary Termination outside of the change of control period.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreements as amended and restated, each of Mr. Booths current annual base salary of $500,000 and his target annual bonus opportunity of up to $350,000 and Mr. Huffmyers current annual base salary of $400,000 and his target annual bonus opportunity of up to $200,000, remain unchanged.

The foregoing descriptions of the Employment Agreements are not complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Employment Agreements, copies of which are attached to this Report as Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 27, 2025, the Company issued a press release relating to the appointment of Mr. Zyngier, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

The information furnished in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) 

Exhibits.

10.1+ 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of January 27, 2025 by and between the Company and Matthew Booth

10.2+ 

Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated as of January 27, 2025 by and between the Company and Timothy Huffmyer

99.1 

Press release, dated January 27, 2025, titled Urgently Announces Appointment of Alex Zyngier to Board of Directors

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

+ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 27, 2025

URGENT.LY INC.

By: 

/s/ Timothy C. Huffmyer

Timothy C. Huffmyer

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>uly-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into effective as of the last date written below (the Effective Date), by and between Matthew Booth (the Executive) and Urgent.ly, Inc. (the Company). This Agreement amends, restates, and supersedes in its entirety the Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive entered into February 9, 2023 (the Prior Agreement).

The Company desires to continue to employ the Executive and, in connection therewith, to compensate the Executive for Executives personal services to the Company; and Executive wishes to continue to be employed by the Company and provide personal services and certain covenants to the Company in return for certain compensation and benefits.

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties agree to the following:

1.

Employment by the Company.

1.1

At-Will Employment. Executive shall continue to be employed by the Company on an at-will basis, meaning either the Company or Executive may terminate Executives employment at any time, with or without Cause (as defined in Section 6.4 below) or advance notice. Any contrary representations that may have been made to Executive shall be superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the full and complete agreement between Executive and the Company on the at-will nature of Executives employment with the Company, which may be changed only in an express written agreement signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company. Executives rights to any salary following a termination shall be only as set forth in Section 6 or under any applicable benefit or equity plan.

1.2

Position. Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company agrees to continue to employ Executive in the position of Chief Executive Officer, and Executive hereby accepts such continued employment.

1.3

Duties. Executive will report to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), performing such duties as are normally associated with Executives position and such duties as are assigned to Executive from time to time, subject to the oversight and direction of the Board or the Boards designee. During the term of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will continue to devote Executives best efforts and substantially all of Executives business time and attention to the business of the Company. Executive shall perform Executives duties under this Agreement principally out of Executives residence in Altadena, California. In addition, Executive shall travel to the Companys offices and make business trips to such places as may be necessary or advisable for the efficient operations of the Company.

1.4

Company Policies and Benefits. The employment relationship between the parties shall continue to be subject to the Companys personnel policies and procedures as they may be interpreted, adopted, revised or deleted from time to time in the Companys sole discretion. Executive will continue to be eligible to participate on the same basis as similarly-situated executives in the Companys benefit plans and the Companys policies regarding paid time off, 

each as in effect from time to time during Executives employment. All matters of eligibility for coverage or benefits under any benefit plan shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of such plan. The Company reserves the right to change, alter, or terminate any benefit plan in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Companys personnel policies and procedures, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

2.

Compensation.

2.1

Salary. Executive shall continue to receive for Executives services to be rendered under this Agreement an annualized base salary of $500,000, subject to review and adjustment by the Company in its sole discretion, and payable subject to standard federal and state payroll withholding requirements in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices (Base Salary).

2.2

Bonus. Executive will be eligible to be awarded a discretionary cash bonus based upon individual and Company performance, contemplated to be up to 70% of Executives then-current Base Salary, subject to applicable deductions and withholdings, on the same basis as similarly-situated executives of the Company in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of an incentive compensation plan, to the extent and at such time that such incentive compensation plan is established by the Board in its discretion.

2.3

Equity. Executive was previously granted Company equity awards. For the avoidance of doubt, except as explicitly stated herein, this Agreement does not address or affect the treatment of such equity awards, which continue to be governed by the terms of the equity plan under which they were granted and relevant award agreements. Executive remains eligible to be considered for future equity awards as may be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board in its discretion in accordance with the terms of any applicable equity plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time.

2.4

Expense Reimbursement. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all customary and appropriate business-related expenses actually incurred and documented in accordance with Company policy, as in effect from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any reimbursements payable to Executive are subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code): (a) any such reimbursements will be paid no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (b) the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year will not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and (c) the right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

3.

Confidential Information, Inventions, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Obligations. As a condition of continued employment, Executive agrees to continue to abide by the Employee Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the Confidential Information Agreement) previously signed by Executive, which may be amended by the parties from time to time without regard to this Agreement. The Confidential Information Agreement contains provisions that are intended by the parties to survive and do 

2

survive termination of this Agreement and will supersede, prospectively only, any agreement that Executive previously signed relating to the same subject matter.

4.

Outside Activities During Employment. Except with the prior written consent of the Company, Executive will not, while employed by the Company, undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation or business enterprise that would interfere with Executives responsibilities and the performance of Executives duties hereunder, except for (i) reasonable time devoted to volunteer services for or on behalf of such religious, educational, non-profit and/or other charitable organization as Executive may wish to serve, (ii) reasonable time devoted to activities in the non-profit and business communities consistent with Executives duties, and (iii) such other activities as may be specifically approved in writing by the Company. This restriction shall not, however, preclude Executive (i) from owning less than one percent (1%) of the total outstanding shares of a publicly-traded company, or (ii) from employment or service in any capacity with Affiliates of the Company. As used in this Agreement, Affiliates means an entity under common management or control with the Company.

5.

No Conflict with Existing Obligations. Executive represents that Executives performance of all of the terms of this Agreement and continued service as an executive of the Company do not and will not breach any agreement or obligation of any kind made prior to Executives employment by the Company, including agreements or obligations Executive may have with prior employers or entities for which Executive has provided services. Executive has not entered into, and Executive agrees that Executive will not enter into, any agreement or obligation, either written or oral, in conflict herewith.

6.

Termination of Employment. The parties acknowledge that Executives employment relationship with the Company continues to be at-will. Either Executive or the Company may terminate the employment relationship for any reason whatsoever at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. The provisions in this Section govern the amount of compensation, if any, to be provided to Executive upon termination of employment and do not alter this at-will status.

6.1

Involuntary Termination not in connection with a Change in Control.

(a)

The Company shall have the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company at any time without Cause (as defined below) and Executive shall have the right to resign with Good Reason (as defined below) by giving notice as described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement. A termination pursuant to Section 6.6 below is not an Involuntary Termination for purposes of receiving the Severance Benefits described in (and as defined in) this Section 6.1 or the CIC Severance Benefits described in (and as defined in) Section 6.2.

(b)

If Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination at any time except during the Change in Control Measurement Period (as defined in Section 6.2 below), and provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder, a Separation from Service), then Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations 

3

(as defined below) and, subject to Executives compliance with the obligations in Section 6.1(c) below, the Company will provide Executive with the following Severance Benefits:

(i)

The Company will pay Executive an amount equal to (x) Executives then current Base Salary for twelve (12) months plus (y) Executives target bonus assuming target performance, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, and paid in equal installments beginning on the Companys first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the Release Effective Date (as defined below), with the remaining installments occurring on the Companys regularly-scheduled payroll dates thereafter.

(ii)

Provided Executive or Executives covered dependents, as the case may be, timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, or state continuation coverage (as applicable), under the Companys group health plans following such termination, the Company will pay the COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums to continue Executives (and Executives covered dependents, as applicable) health insurance coverage in effect on the termination date until the earliest of: (1) six (6) months following the termination date; (2) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (3) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA or state law continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (1)-(3), (the COBRA Payment Period)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines that its payment of COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums on Executives behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying such premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay Executive on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA or state continuation coverage premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the COBRA Payment Period. Nothing in this Agreement shall deprive Executive of Executives rights under COBRA or ERISA for benefits under plans and policies arising under Executives employment by the Company.

(c)

Executive will be paid all of the Accrued Obligations on the Companys first payroll date after Executives date of termination from employment or earlier if required by law. If Executive is eligible to receive the Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of this Agreement, Executive will only receive such Severance Benefits if: (i) within the time period provided in the separation agreement (which shall be no longer than sixty (60) days following the date of Executives Separation from Service), Executive has signed and delivered to the Company a separation agreement that includes, among other terms, an effective general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and representatives, in the form presented by the Company (the Release), which cannot be revoked in whole or in part by such date (the date that the Release can no longer be revoked is referred to as the Release Effective Date); (ii) if Executive holds any other positions with the Company, or any Affiliate, including a position on the Board, he resigns such position(s) to be effective no later than the date of Executives termination date (or such other date as requested by the Board); (iii) Executive returns all Company property; (iv) Executive complies with his post-termination obligations under this Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement; and (v) Executive complies with the terms of the 

4

Release, including, without limitation, any non-disparagement, confidentiality and cooperation provisions contained in the Release.

(d)

For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations are (i) Executives accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination, (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by Executive payable in accordance with the Companys standard expense reimbursement policies, and (iii) benefits owed to Executive under any qualified retirement plan or health and welfare benefit plan in which Executive was a participant in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of such plan.

(e)

The Severance Benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.1 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy or program.

(f)

Any damages caused by the termination of Executives employment without Cause not in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Section 6.2 below) would be difficult to ascertain; therefore, the Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.1(b) above in exchange for the Release is agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty.

6.2

Involuntary Termination in connection with a Change in Control.

(a)

If Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination within three months prior to or twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control (as defined below) of the Company (such period, the Change in Control Measurement Period), then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and, subject to Executives full compliance with the requirements of Section 6.1(c) above, including, but not limited to, the Release requirement, then Executive will be eligible for the following CIC Severance Benefits:

(i)

The Company will provide Executive with the Severance Benefits, as defined in and provided according to the terms of Section 6.1, provided that the cash severance described in Section 6.1(b)(i) shall be multiplied by two (2) and paid in a lump sum.

(ii)

Effective as of Executives termination date, notwithstanding the terms of any equity plan or award agreement to the contrary, the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding equity awards held by Executive immediately prior to the termination date (if any) shall be accelerated in full.

(b)

The CIC Severance Benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.2 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy or program.

(c)

Any damages caused by the termination of Executives employment without Cause during the Change in Control Measurement Period would be difficult to ascertain; therefore, the CIC Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.2(a) above in exchange for the Release are agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty.

5

6.3

Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company shall have the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company at any time for Cause by giving notice as described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement.

6.4

Definitions.

(a)

Cause for purposes of this Agreement shall mean that the Company has determined in its sole discretion that Executive has engaged in any of the following: (i) a material breach of any covenant or condition under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Executive; (ii) any act constituting dishonesty, fraud, immoral or disreputable conduct; (iii) any conduct which constitutes a felony under applicable law; (iv) material violation of any Company policy or any act of misconduct; (v) refusal to follow or implement a clear and reasonable directive of Company; (vi) negligence or incompetence in the performance of Executives duties or failure to perform such duties in a manner satisfactory to the Company after the expiration of ten (10) days without cure after written notice of such failure; or (vii) breach of fiduciary duty.

(b)

Change in Control for the purposes of this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, or any successor equity incentive plan. 

(c)

Good Reason for the purposes of this Agreement shall mean the termination of Executives employment by Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without Executives express written consent: (i) a material reduction of Executives duties, authorities, or responsibilities relative to Executives duties, authorities, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to the reduction, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to any change of employment terms or Change in Control, Executive has the duties, authorities, and responsibilities of the Chief Executive Officer of a company whose stock trades on an established stock exchange or national market system, then any change that results in Executive no longer having those duties, authorities and responsibilities shall represent a material reduction; (ii) a material reduction in Executives annual total target cash compensation; provided, however, that, a reduction of annual total target cash compensation that also applies to substantially all other similarly situated employees of the Company will not constitute Good Reason; (iii) a material change in the geographic location of Executives primary work facility or location by more than 50 miles from Executives then present location; provided, that a relocation to a location that is within 50 miles from Executives then-present primary residence will not be considered a material change in geographic location, or (iv) failure of a successor corporation to assume the obligations under this Agreement. In order for the termination of Executives employment with the Company to be for Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment without first providing written notice to the Company of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within 90 days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a cure period of 30 days following the date of written notice (the Cure Period), the grounds must not have been cured during that time, and Executive must terminate Executives employment within 30 days following the Cure Period.

6

(d)

Involuntary Termination shall mean the termination of Executives employment with the Company by the Company without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason.

(e)

In the event Executives employment is terminated at any time for Cause, Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefits, except that, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations.

6.5

Resignation by Executive.

(a)

Executive may resign from Executives employment with the Company at any time by giving notice as described in Section 7.1.

(b)

In the event Executive resigns from Executives employment with the Company without Good Reason, Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefits, except that, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations.

6.6

Termination by Virtue of Death or Disability of Executive.

(a)

In the event of Executives death while employed pursuant to this Agreement, all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate immediately, and the Company shall, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, provide to Executives legal representatives all Accrued Obligations.

(b)

Subject to applicable state and federal law, the Company shall at all times have the right, upon written notice to Executive, to terminate this Agreement based on Executives Disability. Termination by the Company of Executives employment based on Disability shall mean termination because Executive is unable due to a physical or mental condition to perform the essential functions of Executives position with or without reasonable accommodation for six (6) months in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period or based on the written certification by two licensed physicians of the likely continuation of such condition for such period. This definition shall be interpreted and applied consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and other applicable law. In the event Executives employment is terminated based on Executives Disability, Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit, except that, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations.

6.7

Application of Section 409A. It is intended that all of the severance payments payable under this Agreement satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect (collectively, Section 409A) provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9), and this Agreement will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A. If not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and 

7

incorporates by reference all required definitions and payment terms. No severance payments will be made under this Agreement unless Executives termination of employment constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)). For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executives right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. To the extent that any severance payments are deferred compensation under Section 409A, and are not otherwise exempt from the application of Section 409A, then, if the period during which Executive may consider and sign the Release spans two calendar years, the severance payments will not begin until the second calendar year. If the Company determines that the severance provided under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A and if Executive is a specified employee of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of Executives Separation from Service, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the severance will be delayed as follows: on the earlier to occur of (a) the date that is six months and one day after Executives Separation from Service, and (b) the date of Executives death (such earlier date, the Delayed Initial Payment Date), the Company will (i) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the severance that Executive would otherwise have received through the Delayed Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the severance had not been delayed pursuant to this Section 6.7 and (ii) commence paying the balance of the severance in accordance with the applicable payment schedule set forth in Section 6. No interest shall be due on any amounts deferred pursuant to this Section 6.7.

6.8

Notice; Effective Date of Termination.

(a)

Termination of Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective on the earliest of:

(i)

immediately after the Company gives notice to Executive of Executives termination, with or without Cause, unless pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(vi) in which case ten (10) days after notice if not cured or unless the Company specifies a later date, in which case, termination shall be effective as of such later date;

(ii)

immediately upon Executives death;

(iii)

ten (10) days after the Company gives notice to Executive of Executives termination on account of Executives Disability, unless the Company specifies a later date, in which case, termination shall be effective as of such later date, provided that Executive has not returned to the full-time performance of Executives duties prior to such date; or

(iv)

ten (10) days after Executive gives written notice to the Company of Executives resignation, provided that the Company may set a termination date at any time between the date of notice and the date of resignation, in which case Executives resignation shall be effective as of such other date. Executive will receive compensation through any required notice period.

8

(b)

In the event notice of a termination under subsections (a)(i) and (iii) is given orally, at the other partys request, the party giving notice must provide written confirmation of such notice within five (5) business days of the request in compliance with the requirement of Section 7.1 below. In the event of a termination for Cause, written confirmation shall specify the subsection(s) of the definition of Cause relied on to support the decision to terminate.

6.9

Cooperation With Company After Termination of Employment. Following termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall fully cooperate with the Company in all matters relating to the winding up of Executives pending work including, but not limited to, any litigation in which the Company is involved, and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to such other employees as may be designated by the Company.

7.

General Provisions.

7.1

Notices. Any notices required hereunder to be in writing shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by electronic mail or confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company at its primary office location and to Executive at Executives address as listed on the Company payroll or to Executives Company-issued email address or Executives email address as listed in Company records, or at such other address as the Company or Executive may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other.

7.2

Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein.

7.3

Survival. Provisions of this Agreement which by their terms must survive the termination of this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of the parties will survive any such termination, whether by expiration of the term, termination of Executives employment, or otherwise, for such period as may be appropriate under the circumstances.

7.4

Waiver. If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of this Agreement, it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement.

7.5

Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including the Confidential Information Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement, including the Confidential Information 

9

Agreement, is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment of their agreement with regard to this subject matter and supersedes any prior oral discussions or written communications and agreements, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, and it cannot be modified or amended except in writing signed by Executive and an authorized officer of the Company. The parties have entered into or are entering into a separate Confidential Information Agreement and have or may enter into separate agreements related to equity. These separate agreements govern other aspects of the relationship between the parties, have or may have provisions that survive termination of Executives employment under this Agreement, may be amended or superseded by the parties without regard to this Agreement and are enforceable according to their terms without regard to the enforcement provision of this Agreement.

7.6

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

7.7

Headings. The headings of the sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof.

7.8

Successors and Assigns. The Company shall assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole, but not in part, to any Company or other entity with or into which the Company may hereafter merge or consolidate or to which the Company may transfer all or substantially all of its assets, if in any such case said Company or other entity shall by operation of law or expressly in writing assume all obligations of the Company hereunder as fully as if it had been originally made a party hereto, but may not otherwise assign this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder. The Executive may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, other than to the Executives estate upon Executives death.

7.9

Choice of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California.

7.10

Resolution of Disputes. To ensure the rapid and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with Executives employment with the Company, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action, in law or equity, including but not limited to statutory claims, arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance, or interpretation of this Agreement, Executives employment with the Company, or the termination of Executives employment, shall be resolved pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration, before a single arbitrator, conducted by JAMS or its successor, under JAMS then-applicable Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures (available upon request and also currently available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/) and subject to JAMS then-applicable Policy on Employment Arbitration Minimum Standards of Procedural Fairness. Executive acknowledges that by agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding. In addition, all claims, disputes, or causes of action under this Section, whether by Executive or the Company, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported 

10

class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any other person or entity. The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences regarding class claims or proceedings are found to violate applicable law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a class shall proceed in a court of law rather than by arbitration. This Section shall not apply to any action or claim that cannot be subject to mandatory arbitration as a matter of law, including, without limitation, claims brought pursuant to the California Private Attorneys General Act of 2004, as amended, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, as amended, and the California Labor Code, as amended, to the extent such claims are not permitted by applicable law(s) to be submitted to mandatory arbitration and the applicable law(s) are not preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act or otherwise invalid (collectively, the Excluded Claims). In the event Executive intends to bring multiple claims, including one of the Excluded Claims listed above, the Excluded Claims may be filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. Executive will have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding. Questions of whether a claim is subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be decided by the arbitrator. Likewise, procedural questions which grow out of the dispute and bear on the final disposition are also matters for the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (b) issue a written statement signed by the arbitrator regarding the disposition of each claim and the relief, if any, awarded as to each claim, the reasons for the award, and the arbitrators essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award all relief that Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law. The Company shall pay all JAMS arbitration fees in excess of the administrative fees that Executive would be required to pay if the dispute were decided in a court of law. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either Executive or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Any awards or orders in such arbitrations may be entered and enforced as judgments in the federal and state courts of any competent jurisdiction.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

11

In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement on the day and year written below.

Urgent.ly, Inc.

By: /s/ Timothy Huffmyer

Name: Timothy Huffmyer

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Date: January 27, 2025 

Executive:

/s/ Matt Booth

Name: Matt Booth

Date: January 27, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>uly-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement) is entered into effective as of the last date written below (the Effective Date), by and between Timothy C. Huffmyer (the Executive) and Urgent.ly, Inc. (the Company). This Agreement amends, restates, and supersedes in its entirety the Employment Agreement between the Company and Executive entered into February 9, 2023 (the Prior Agreement).

The Company desires to continue to employ the Executive and, in connection therewith, to compensate the Executive for Executives personal services to the Company; and Executive wishes to continue to be employed by the Company and provide personal services and certain covenants to the Company in return for certain compensation and benefits.

Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties agree to the following:

1.

Employment by the Company.

1.1

At-Will Employment. Executive shall continue to be employed by the Company on an at-will basis, meaning either the Company or Executive may terminate Executives employment at any time, with or without Cause (as defined in Section 6.4 below) or advance notice. Any contrary representations that may have been made to Executive shall be superseded by this Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute the full and complete agreement between Executive and the Company on the at-will nature of Executives employment with the Company, which may be changed only in an express written agreement signed by Executive and a duly authorized officer of the Company. Executives rights to any salary following a termination shall be only as set forth in Section 6 or under any applicable benefit or equity plan.

1.2

Position. Subject to the terms set forth herein, the Company agrees to continue to employ Executive in the position of Chief Financial Officer, and Executive hereby accepts such continued employment.

1.3

Duties. Executive will continue to report to the Chief Executive Officer or the Interim Chief Executive Officer (as applicable, the CEO), performing such duties as are normally associated with Executives position and such duties as are assigned to Executive from time to time, subject to the oversight and direction of the CEO or the CEOs designee. During the term of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will continue to devote Executives best efforts and substantially all of Executives business time and attention to the business of the Company. Executive shall perform Executives duties under this Agreement principally out of Executives residence in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area. In addition, Executive shall travel to the Companys offices and make business trips to such places as may be necessary or advisable for the efficient operations of the Company.

1.4

Company Policies and Benefits. The employment relationship between the parties shall continue to be subject to the Companys personnel policies and procedures as they may be interpreted, adopted, revised or deleted from time to time in the Companys sole discretion. Executive will continue to be eligible to participate on the same basis as similarly-situated 

executives in the Companys benefit plans and the Companys policies regarding paid time off, each as in effect from time to time during Executives employment. All matters of eligibility for coverage or benefits under any benefit plan shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of such plan. The Company reserves the right to change, alter, or terminate any benefit plan in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Companys personnel policies and procedures, the terms of this Agreement shall control.

2.

Compensation.

2.1

Salary. Executive shall continue to receive for Executives services to be rendered under this Agreement an annualized base salary of $400,000, subject to review and adjustment by the Company in its sole discretion, and payable subject to standard federal and state payroll withholding requirements in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices (Base Salary).

2.2

Bonus. Executive will be eligible to be awarded a discretionary cash bonus based upon individual and Company performance, contemplated to be up to 50% of Executives then-current Base Salary, subject to applicable deductions and withholdings, on the same basis as similarly-situated executives of the Company in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of an incentive compensation plan, to the extent and at such time that such incentive compensation plan is established by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) in its discretion.

2.3

Equity. Executive was previously granted Company equity awards. For the avoidance of doubt, except as explicitly stated herein, this Agreement does not address or affect the treatment of such equity awards, which continue to be governed by the terms of the equity plan under which they were granted and relevant award agreements. Executive remains eligible to be considered for future equity awards as may be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board in its discretion in accordance with the terms of any applicable equity plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time.

2.4

Expense Reimbursement. The Company shall reimburse Executive for all customary and appropriate business-related expenses actually incurred and documented in accordance with Company policy, as in effect from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any reimbursements payable to Executive are subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code): (a) any such reimbursements will be paid no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (b) the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year will not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and (c) the right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

3.

Confidential Information, Inventions, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Obligations. As a condition of continued employment, Executive agrees to continue to abide by the Employee Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the Confidential Information Agreement) previously signed by Executive, which may be amended by the parties from time to time without regard to this Agreement. The Confidential 

2

Information Agreement contains provisions that are intended by the parties to survive and do survive termination of this Agreement and will supersede, prospectively only, any agreement that Executive previously signed relating to the same subject matter.

4.

Outside Activities During Employment. Except with the prior written consent of the Company, Executive will not, while employed by the Company, undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation or business enterprise that would interfere with Executives responsibilities and the performance of Executives duties hereunder, except for (i) reasonable time devoted to volunteer services for or on behalf of such religious, educational, non-profit and/or other charitable organization as Executive may wish to serve, (ii) reasonable time devoted to activities in the non-profit and business communities consistent with Executives duties, and (iii) such other activities as may be specifically approved in writing by the Company. This restriction shall not, however, preclude Executive (i) from owning less than one percent (1%) of the total outstanding shares of a publicly-traded company, or (ii) from employment or service in any capacity with Affiliates of the Company. As used in this Agreement, Affiliates means an entity under common management or control with the Company.

5.

No Conflict with Existing Obligations. Executive represents that Executives performance of all of the terms of this Agreement and continued service as an executive of the Company do not and will not breach any agreement or obligation of any kind made prior to Executives employment by the Company, including agreements or obligations Executive may have with prior employers or entities for which Executive has provided services. Executive has not entered into, and Executive agrees that Executive will not enter into, any agreement or obligation, either written or oral, in conflict herewith.

6.

Termination of Employment. The parties acknowledge that Executives employment relationship with the Company continues to be at-will. Either Executive or the Company may terminate the employment relationship for any reason whatsoever at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. The provisions in this Section govern the amount of compensation, if any, to be provided to Executive upon termination of employment and do not alter this at-will status.

6.1

Involuntary Termination not in connection with a Change in Control.

(a)

The Company shall have the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company at any time without Cause (as defined below) and Executive shall have the right to resign with Good Reason (as defined below) by giving notice as described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement. A termination pursuant to Section 6.6 below is not an Involuntary Termination for purposes of receiving the Severance Benefits described in (and as defined in) this Section 6.1 or the CIC Severance Benefits described in (and as defined in) Section 6.2.

(b)

If Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination at any time except during the Change in Control Measurement Period (as defined in Section 6.2 below), and provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder, a Separation from Service), then Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Obligations 

3

(as defined below) and, subject to Executives compliance with the obligations in Section 6.1(c) below, the Company will provide Executive with the following Severance Benefits:

(i)

The Company will pay Executive an amount equal to (x) Executives then current Base Salary for twelve (12) months plus (y) Executives target bonus assuming target performance, less all applicable withholdings and deductions, and paid in equal installments beginning on the Companys first regularly-scheduled payroll date following the Release Effective Date (as defined below), with the remaining installments occurring on the Companys regularly-scheduled payroll dates thereafter.

(ii)

Provided Executive or Executives covered dependents, as the case may be, timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, or state continuation coverage (as applicable), under the Companys group health plans following such termination, the Company will pay the COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums to continue Executives (and Executives covered dependents, as applicable) health insurance coverage in effect on the termination date until the earliest of: (1) six (6) months following the termination date; (2) the date when Executive becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment; or (3) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA or state law continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination (such period from the termination date through the earlier of (1)-(3), (the COBRA Payment Period)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines that its payment of COBRA, or state continuation coverage, premiums on Executives behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, but not limited to, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act), then in lieu of paying such premiums pursuant to this Section, the Company shall pay Executive on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the COBRA or state continuation coverage premium for such month, subject to applicable tax withholding, for the remainder of the COBRA Payment Period. Nothing in this Agreement shall deprive Executive of Executives rights under COBRA or ERISA for benefits under plans and policies arising under Executives employment by the Company.

(c)

Executive will be paid all of the Accrued Obligations on the Companys first payroll date after Executives date of termination from employment or earlier if required by law. If Executive is eligible to receive the Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of this Agreement, Executive will only receive such Severance Benefits if: (i) within the time period provided in the separation agreement (which shall be no longer than sixty (60) days following the date of Executives Separation from Service), Executive has signed and delivered to the Company a separation agreement that includes, among other terms, an effective general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and representatives, in the form presented by the Company (the Release), which cannot be revoked in whole or in part by such date (the date that the Release can no longer be revoked is referred to as the Release Effective Date); (ii) if Executive holds any other positions with the Company, or any Affiliate, including a position on the Board, he resigns such position(s) to be effective no later than the date of Executives termination date (or such other date as requested by the Board); (iii) Executive returns all Company property; (iv) Executive complies with his post-termination obligations under this Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement; and (v) Executive complies with the terms of the 

4

Release, including, without limitation, any non-disparagement, confidentiality and cooperation provisions contained in the Release.

(d)

For purposes of this Agreement, Accrued Obligations are (i) Executives accrued but unpaid salary through the date of termination, (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by Executive payable in accordance with the Companys standard expense reimbursement policies, and (iii) benefits owed to Executive under any qualified retirement plan or health and welfare benefit plan in which Executive was a participant in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of such plan.

(e)

The Severance Benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.1 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy or program.

(f)

Any damages caused by the termination of Executives employment without Cause not in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in Section 6.2 below) would be difficult to ascertain; therefore, the Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.1(b) above in exchange for the Release is agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty.

6.2

Involuntary Termination in connection with a Change in Control.

(a)

If Executive is subject to an Involuntary Termination within three months prior to or twelve (12) months following the effective date of a Change in Control (as defined below) of the Company (such period, the Change in Control Measurement Period), then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and, subject to Executives full compliance with the requirements of Section 6.1(c) above, including, but not limited to, the Release requirement, then Executive will be eligible for the following CIC Severance Benefits:

(i)

The Company will provide Executive with the Severance Benefits, as defined in and provided according to the terms of Section 6.1, provided that the cash severance described in Section 6.1(b)(i) shall be multiplied by two (2) and paid in a lump sum.

(ii)

Effective as of Executives termination date, notwithstanding the terms of any equity plan or award agreement to the contrary, the vesting and exercisability of all outstanding equity awards held by Executive immediately prior to the termination date (if any) shall be accelerated in full.

(b)

The CIC Severance Benefits provided to Executive pursuant to this Section 6.2 are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled under any Company severance plan, policy or program.

(c)

Any damages caused by the termination of Executives employment without Cause during the Change in Control Measurement Period would be difficult to ascertain; therefore, the CIC Severance Benefits for which Executive is eligible pursuant to Section 6.2(a) above in exchange for the Release are agreed to by the parties as liquidated damages, to serve as full compensation, and not a penalty.

5

6.3

Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company shall have the right to terminate Executives employment with the Company at any time for Cause by giving notice as described in Section 7.1 of this Agreement.

6.4

Definitions

(a)

Cause for purposes of this Agreement shall mean that the Company has determined in its sole discretion that Executive has engaged in any of the following: (i) a material breach of any covenant or condition under this Agreement or any other agreement between the Company and Executive; (ii) any act constituting dishonesty, fraud, immoral or disreputable conduct; (iii) any conduct which constitutes a felony under applicable law; (iv) material violation of any Company policy or any act of misconduct; (v) refusal to follow or implement a clear and reasonable directive of Company; (vi) negligence or incompetence in the performance of Executives duties or failure to perform such duties in a manner satisfactory to the Company after the expiration of ten (10) days without cure after written notice of such failure; or (vii) breach of fiduciary duty.

(b)

Change in Control for the purposes of this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Companys 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, or any successor equity incentive plan. 

(c)

Good Reason for the purposes of this Agreement shall mean the termination of Executives employment by Executive in accordance with the next sentence after the occurrence of one or more of the following events without Executives express written consent: (i) a material reduction of Executives duties, authorities, or responsibilities relative to Executives duties, authorities, or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to the reduction, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if immediately prior to any change of employment terms or Change in Control, Executive has the duties, authorities, and responsibilities of the Chief Financial Officer of a company whose stock trades on an established stock exchange or national market system, then any change that results in Executive no longer having those duties, authorities and responsibilities shall represent a material reduction; (ii) a material reduction in Executives annual total target cash compensation; provided, however, that, a reduction of annual total target cash compensation that also applies to substantially all other similarly situated employees of the Company will not constitute Good Reason; (iii) a material change in the geographic location of Executives primary work facility or location by more than 50 miles from Executives then present location; provided, that a relocation to a location that is within 50 miles from Executives then-present primary residence will not be considered a material change in geographic location, or (iv) failure of a successor corporation to assume the obligations under this Agreement. In order for the termination of Executives employment with the Company to be for Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment without first providing written notice to the Company of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within 90 days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a cure period of 30 days following the date of written notice (the Cure Period), the grounds must not have been cured during that time, and Executive must terminate Executives employment within 30 days following the Cure Period.

6

(d)

Involuntary Termination shall mean the termination of Executives employment with the Company by the Company without Cause or by Executive with Good Reason.

(e)

In the event Executives employment is terminated at any time for Cause, Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefits, except that, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations.

6.5

Resignation by Executive.

(a)

Executive may resign from Executives employment with the Company at any time by giving notice as described in Section 7.1.

(b)

In the event Executive resigns from Executives employment with the Company without Good Reason, Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefits, except that, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations.

6.6

Termination by Virtue of Death or Disability of Executive.

(a)

In the event of Executives death while employed pursuant to this Agreement, all obligations of the parties hereunder shall terminate immediately, and the Company shall, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, provide to Executives legal representatives all Accrued Obligations.

(b)

Subject to applicable state and federal law, the Company shall at all times have the right, upon written notice to Executive, to terminate this Agreement based on Executives Disability. Termination by the Company of Executives employment based on Disability shall mean termination because Executive is unable due to a physical or mental condition to perform the essential functions of Executives position with or without reasonable accommodation for six (6) months in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period or based on the written certification by two licensed physicians of the likely continuation of such condition for such period. This definition shall be interpreted and applied consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, and other applicable law. In the event Executives employment is terminated based on Executives Disability, Executive will not receive the Severance Benefits, the CIC Severance Benefits, or any other severance compensation or benefit, except that, pursuant to the Companys standard payroll policies, the Company shall provide to Executive the Accrued Obligations.

6.7

Application of Section 409A. It is intended that all of the severance payments payable under this Agreement satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar effect (collectively, Section 409A) provided under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4) and 1.409A-1(b)(9), and this Agreement will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A. If not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and 

7

incorporates by reference all required definitions and payment terms. No severance payments will be made under this Agreement unless Executives termination of employment constitutes a separation from service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)). For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), Executives right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. To the extent that any severance payments are deferred compensation under Section 409A, and are not otherwise exempt from the application of Section 409A, then, if the period during which Executive may consider and sign the Release spans two calendar years, the severance payments will not begin until the second calendar year. If the Company determines that the severance provided under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A and if Executive is a specified employee of the Company, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code at the time of Executives Separation from Service, then, solely to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the severance will be delayed as follows: on the earlier to occur of (a) the date that is six months and one day after Executives Separation from Service, and (b) the date of Executives death (such earlier date, the Delayed Initial Payment Date), the Company will (i) pay to Executive a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the severance that Executive would otherwise have received through the Delayed Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the severance had not been delayed pursuant to this Section 6.7 and (ii) commence paying the balance of the severance in accordance with the applicable payment schedule set forth in Section 6. No interest shall be due on any amounts deferred pursuant to this Section 6.7.

6.8

Notice; Effective Date of Termination.

(a)

Termination of Executives employment pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective on the earliest of:

(i)

immediately after the Company gives notice to Executive of Executives termination, with or without Cause, unless pursuant to Section 6.4(a)(vi) in which case ten (10) days after notice if not cured or unless the Company specifies a later date, in which case, termination shall be effective as of such later date;

(ii)

immediately upon Executives death;

(iii)

ten (10) days after the Company gives notice to Executive of Executives termination on account of Executives Disability, unless the Company specifies a later date, in which case, termination shall be effective as of such later date, provided that Executive has not returned to the full-time performance of Executives duties prior to such date; or

(iv)

ten (10) days after Executive gives written notice to the Company of Executives resignation, provided that the Company may set a termination date at any time between the date of notice and the date of resignation, in which case Executives resignation shall be effective as of such other date. Executive will receive compensation through any required notice period.

8

(b)

In the event notice of a termination under subsections (a)(i) and (iii) is given orally, at the other partys request, the party giving notice must provide written confirmation of such notice within five (5) business days of the request in compliance with the requirement of Section 7.1 below. In the event of a termination for Cause, written confirmation shall specify the subsection(s) of the definition of Cause relied on to support the decision to terminate.

6.9

Cooperation With Company After Termination of Employment. Following termination of Executives employment for any reason, Executive shall fully cooperate with the Company in all matters relating to the winding up of Executives pending work including, but not limited to, any litigation in which the Company is involved, and the orderly transfer of any such pending work to such other employees as may be designated by the Company.

7.

General Provisions.

7.1

Notices. Any notices required hereunder to be in writing shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by electronic mail or confirmed facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next-day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company at its primary office location and to Executive at Executives address as listed on the Company payroll or to Executives Company-issued email address or Executives email address as listed in Company records, or at such other address as the Company or Executive may designate by ten (10) days advance written notice to the other.

7.2

Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein.

7.3

Survival. Provisions of this Agreement which by their terms must survive the termination of this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of the parties will survive any such termination, whether by expiration of the term, termination of Executives employment, or otherwise, for such period as may be appropriate under the circumstances.

7.4

Waiver. If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of this Agreement, it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement.

7.5

Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including the Confidential Information Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company with regard to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement, including the Confidential Information Agreement, is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment of their agreement with regard to 

9

this subject matter and supersedes any prior oral discussions or written communications and agreements, including the Prior Agreement. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, and it cannot be modified or amended except in writing signed by Executive and an authorized officer of the Company. The parties have entered into or are entering into a separate Confidential Information Agreement and have or may enter into separate agreements related to equity. These separate agreements govern other aspects of the relationship between the parties, have or may have provisions that survive termination of Executives employment under this Agreement, may be amended or superseded by the parties without regard to this Agreement and are enforceable according to their terms without regard to the enforcement provision of this Agreement.

7.6

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

7.7

Headings. The headings of the sections hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof.

7.8

Successors and Assigns. The Company shall assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole, but not in part, to any Company or other entity with or into which the Company may hereafter merge or consolidate or to which the Company may transfer all or substantially all of its assets, if in any such case said Company or other entity shall by operation of law or expressly in writing assume all obligations of the Company hereunder as fully as if it had been originally made a party hereto, but may not otherwise assign this Agreement or its rights and obligations hereunder. The Executive may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, other than to the Executives estate upon Executives death.

7.9

Choice of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

7.10

Resolution of Disputes. To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with Employees employment with the Company, Employee and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance, negotiation, execution, or interpretation of this Agreement, or Employees employment, or the termination of Employees employment, including but not limited to all statutory claims, will be resolved pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration by a single arbitrator conducted in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services Inc. (JAMS) under the then applicable JAMS rules (at the following web address: https://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/). A hard copy of the rules will be provided to Employee upon request. By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Employee and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding. In addition, all claims, disputes, or causes of action under this provision, whether by Employee or the Company, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any 

10

other person or entity. The arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences regarding class claims or proceedings are found to violate applicable law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a class shall proceed in a court of law rather than by arbitration. The Company acknowledges that Employee will have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding. Questions of whether a claim is subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be decided by the arbitrator. Likewise, procedural questions which grow out of the dispute and bear on the final disposition are also matters for the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; (b) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrators essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award; (c) be authorized to award any or all remedies that Employee or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law; and (d) is authorized to award attorneys fees to the prevailing party. Subject to the previous sentence, the arbitrators fees and expenses and all administrative fees and expenses associated with the filing of the arbitration shall be borne by the Company; provided however, that at the Employees option, Employee may voluntarily pay up to one-half the costs and fees, for which Employee shall be reimbursed by the Company. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either Employee or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Any awards or orders in such arbitrations may be entered and enforced as judgments in the federal and state courts of any competent jurisdiction. To the extent applicable law prohibits mandatory arbitration of sexual harassment claims, in the event Employee intends to bring multiple claims, including a sexual harassment claim, the sexual harassment claim may be publicly filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]

11

In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement on the day and year written below.

Urgent.Ly, Inc.

By: /s/ Matt Booth

Name: Matt Booth

Title: CEO

Date: January 27, 2025 

Executive:

/s/ Timothy Huffmyer

Name: Timothy Huffmyer

Date: January 27, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>uly-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

EXHIBIT 99.1

Urgently Announces Appointment of Alex Zyngier to Board of Directors

VIENNA, VA January 27, 2025 Urgent.ly Inc. (Nasdaq: ULY) (Urgently or the Company), a U.S.-based leading provider of digital roadside and mobility assistance technology and services, announced today its board of directors has appointed Alex Zyngier to serve as a member of the board, effective January 23, 2025.

Alex is a seasoned leader with a proven track record of navigating complex business challenges and driving growth, said Matt Booth, Chief Executive Officer and President of Urgently. With over 30 years of investment, strategy, governance and operating experience across a range of industries, Alex brings a wealth of expertise to Urgently as the Company continues to transform the roadside assistance industry. We are thrilled to welcome him to our board and look forward to his contributions.

I am honored to join the Board of Directors at Urgently, a company at the forefront of digital innovation in roadside assistance, said Alex Zyngier. Since debuting as a public company, Urgently has made remarkable progress in driving margin expansion through financial and operational improvements, while continuing to deliver an exceptional customer experience and value to its partners. In addition, the Company has demonstrated positive traction in the marketplace, as evident by the significant contract renewals, expansions and new customer wins. Urgently is at an exciting point in its growth, and I look forward to working with the board and leadership team to help drive strategic initiatives, enhance operational excellence, and expand Urgentlys impact on the mobility ecosystem.

Alex is the Founder and Managing Director of Batuta Capital Advisors, a private investment and advisory firm. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board for COFINA and EVO Transportation, as well as a director for various public and private companies, including Atari SA, Nu Ride, SlamCorp and Unifin Financiera. His extensive experience includes leadership roles in complex transactions, mergers and acquisitions, and strategic financial advisory. Alexs diverse background spans roles as a Portfolio Manager at Alden Global/Smith Management, Goldman Sachs, and Deutsche Bank, focusing on distressed investments and special situations. He has also served as an Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Co. and a Technical Brand Manager at Procter & Gamble. His educational background includes an MBA in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from UNICAMP.

About Urgently

Urgently is focused on helping everyone move safely, without disruption, by safeguarding drivers, promptly assisting their journey, and employing technology to proactively avert possible issues. The companys digitally native software platform combines location-based services, real-time data, AI and machine-to-machine communication to power roadside assistance solutions for leading brands across automotive, insurance, telematics and other transportation-focused verticals. Urgently fulfills the demand for connected roadside assistance services, enabling its partners to deliver exceptional user experiences that drive high customer satisfaction and loyalty, by delivering innovative, transparent and exceptional connected mobility assistance experiences on a global scale. For more information, visit www.geturgently.com.

For media and investment inquiries, please contact:

Press: media@geturgently.com

Investor Relations: investorrelations@geturgently.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>img120042339_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>uly-20250123.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
CIK 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Amendment 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Document Type 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Soliciting Material 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Document Period End Date 
Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Entity Ex Transition Period 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Entity Registrant Name 
Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Securities Act File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number 
Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 23, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 23, 2025

Entity Registrant Name URGENT.LY INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001603652

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Securities Act File Number 001-41841

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2848640

Entity Address, Address Line One 8609 Westwood Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 810

Entity Address, City or Town Vienna

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 22182

City Area Code 571

Local Phone Number 350-3600

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Not Applicable

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol ULY

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.geturgently.com/20250123/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

uly-20250123.htm 
uly-20250123.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-009273-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>uly-20250123_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001603652 

2025-01-23 
2025-01-23 

0001603652 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-23 
URGENT.LY INC. 
DE 
001-41841 
46-2848640 
8609 Westwood Center Drive 
Suite 810 
Vienna 
VA 
22182 
571 
350-3600 
Not Applicable 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
ULY 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>