<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000885978-25-000004.txt : 20250303
<SEC-HEADER>0000885978-25-000004.hdr.sgml : 20250303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250303143221
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000885978-25-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U S PHYSICAL THERAPY INC /NV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000885978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				760364866
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11151
		FILM NUMBER:		25696742

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132977000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

falseU S PHYSICAL THERAPY INC /NV000088597800008859782025-02-272025-02-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 27, 2025

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada

001-11151

76-0364866

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY,

SUITE 300,
HOUSTON, Texas 

77043

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (713) 297-7000

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.01 par value

USPH

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933
(230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure 

On March 3, 2025 U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (the Company) (NYSE: USPH), a
national operator of outpatient physical therapy clinics and provider of industrial injury prevention services, announced the acquisition of a physical therapy practice with three clinic locations in Wyoming which currently generates approximately
$4.3 million in annual revenues and 23,000 in annual visits. The Company acquired a 65% interest in the acquired company with the current owners retaining a 35% ownership interest. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On February 27, 2025, the Company hosted a conference call and webcast to discuss
its results for the fourth quarter and year ended Dectemebr 31, 2024. The transcript of the conference call is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the exhibits, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

Exhibits 

Description of Exhibits

99.1 

Registrant's Press Release dated March 3, 2025 

99.2 Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2024 Conference Call Transcript (held on February 27, 2025) 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

U.S. PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC. 

Dated: March 3, 2025 

By: 

/s/ CAREY HENDRICKSON 

Carey Hendrickson

Chief Financial Officer 

(duly authorized officer and principal financial and accounting officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
CONTACT:

U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Carey Hendrickson, Chief Financial Officer

Email: Chendrickson@usph.com

Chris Reading, Chief Executive Officer

(713) 297-7000

Three Part Advisors

Joe Noyons

(817) 778-8424

Exhibit 99.1

U.S. Physical Therapy Announces the Acquisition 

of a Three-Clinic Physical Therapy Practice 

Houston, TX, March 3, 2025 U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (the Company) (NYSE: USPH), a national operator of outpatient physical therapy clinics and provider of industrial injury prevention services,
announced the acquisition of a physical therapy practice with three clinic locations in Wyoming which currently generates approximately $4.3 million in annual revenues and 23,000 in annual visits. The Company acquired a 65% interest in the acquired
company with the current owners retaining a 35% ownership interest.Graham Reeve, Chief Operating Officer-West, said, We are excited to welcome our newest partners into our USPH family and expand our service offerings in the state of Wyoming. This team has developed incredible
relationships in the communities they serve, and we look forward to assisting and supporting them as they continue to build on this foundation in the future.

About U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.

Founded in 1990, U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. owns and/or manages 775 outpatient physical therapy clinics in 43 states. USPH clinics provide preventative and post-operative care
for a variety of orthopedic-related disorders and sports-related injuries, treatment for neurologically-related injuries and rehabilitation of injured workers. USPH also has an industrial injury prevention business which provides onsite services for
clients employees including injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization, post-offer employment testing, functional capacity evaluations, and ergonomic assessments.

More information about U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. is available at www.usph.com. The information included on that website is not incorporated into this press release.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.01
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

U.S. Physical Therapy

Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2024

Conference Call Transcript

February 27, 2025 / 10:30 am ET

Operator: 

Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the U.S. Physical Therapy fourth Quarter 2024 and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants
are in listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. In order to ask a question during that session, please press the star (*) key followed by the number one (1) on your telephone keypad.
Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press star (*) then zero (0). I would now like to turn the call over to Chris Reading, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 

Chris Reading: Thanks, David. Good morning and welcome, everyone, to our U.S. Physical Therapy fourth quarter and year-end 2024 earnings call. With me on the line this morning include Carey
Hendrickson, our CFO; Eric Williams, our president and COO-East; Graham Reeve, our COO-West; Rick Binstein, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Jake Martinez, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting. 

Before I begin this morning with some color on the quarter and the year, we need to go ahead and cover a brief disclosure. Jake, if you
would, please.

Jake Martinez: 

Thank you, Chris. The presentation includes forward-looking statements, which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are based on the
companys current views and assumptions. The companys actual results may vary materially from those anticipated. Please see the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for more information. This presentation also
contains certain non-GAAP measures as defined in Regulation G, and the related reconciliations can be found in the Companys earnings release and the Companys presentations on our website. Chris? 

Chris Reading: 

Thanks, Jake. Hey, everyone. I want to begin this morning by thanking our clinicians, our partners, and our leadership and support teams for their tireless work this year
on behalf of hundreds of thousands of individual patients whose lives weve helped positively impact as we interact in a very personal, professional, and life-improving way with our physical therapy intervention across more than five
million patient encounters. Im particularly proud of all of our facilities for the way patients feel about them with a net promoter score across our network of 93, which, as you know, is outstanding. Our Google Care ratings are 4.9, and
the demand for our services has never been higher than it has been these past 12 months

In the fourth quarter, we established a new high watermark in visits per clinic per day across our portfolio partnerships at 31.7
compared to 29.9 in the prior years quarter. Our total patient volume grew 13% year over year, and despite the Medicare rate reduction we absorbed again in 2024, we moved the needle upwards in our overall net rate through our re-contracting
efforts of our commercial plans in combination with some outsized growth of our work comp volume as well. Our combination lifted our rate for the quarter to $104.73, and we expect to continue to make progress from there in the new year.

Our challenge all year, which we continue to work on, surrounds our cost to deliver the outstanding care that we provide due in large
part to the very competitive environment weve been in to hire enough therapists, which you can see from our daily visit numbers that were doing. Our cost per visit continues to be something that has remained more difficult than we expected to
reign in. On that front, weve continued to make adjustments where needed across our portfolio partnerships, especially in support and related roles, along with our part-time employee base. 

Additionally, we are piloting an AI-driven note system that should help to decrease the time spent generating a note in a patients EMR
while helping to improve our overall clinician efficiency. Were also piloting technology that would allow us to staff more clinics front offices virtually or in combination with local and virtual staff and reduce our overhead burden that way.
Please know this cost promise is a promise we made and one we intend to keep, and the entire team is working to deliver on that. 

2024 proved to be a very good development year for us. We completed seven acquisitions, six in PT across a variety of states, including
Wyoming, Pennsylvania, Colorado, which was a new state for us and doing exceptionally well. And of course, our entry into New York with our Metro PT deal announced in November of last year. In fact, during the fourth quarter alone, we added
approximately 70 clinics in a combination of acquisitions and de novo locations, which will provide a great jumpstart for us in this new year. 

One of our completed acquisitions last year was in our injury prevention business with a longstanding, well-respected provider in that
space. That has gone very well, and our entire injury prevention business has continued to grow at a very nice clip overall. For the fourth quarter, revenue grew more than 32%, which was a strong finish to an equally strong year overall, where
revenue grew again for the year nearly 24% to approximately $97 million, with the gross profit increasing 21.5% for the year, much of that in organic growth. Speaking of organic growth, we continue to expand into new industry verticals. Near
year-end, we landed a very large, approximately 50 FTE contract with one of our nations premier auto manufacturers. That contract impacted our margin a little bit as we ramped staffing up quickly after winning that competitive engagement.

We have a lot of information to cover, so Im going to turn things over momentarily, but let me say this: our industry has been in a
tough wash cycle for a few years, but we are going to come out of this stronger, I believe, than we went in. Foundationally, we have developed significant muscles that maybe, when things were easier, were underused, muscles that needed to drive
exceptional volume, the ones that allow care delivery at exceptionally high rates of patient affirmation for the appreciation and benefit of that care, the ones that allow us to grind through challenging rate negotiations, which have lifted our
rate despite cuts from the government, which we expect to sunset shortly. And if we have erred, weve erred on the side of people and relationships, making sure that we had the resources to do all that was necessary and right for our patients and
their care. Were not done, and we are committed to making progress in this important area. And with all the positive momentum through our development efforts for new clinics, new partnerships and territories, along with record volume, we have a
lot to be thankful for as we head into this new year. 

Carey, we have a lot to cover, so why dont you take it from there?

Carey Hendrickson: 

Great. Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. We reported adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2024 of $21.8 million, which compared to $19 million in the
prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin using minority adjusted revenues, like our adjusted EBITDA, was 15.2% for both the fourth quarter of 24 and the fourth quarter of 23. 

Our average visits per day, as Chris noted, were a record high for any quarter in our history at 31.7. Our average visits per day
benefited from our action to close 32 underperforming clinics in the third quarter, which had a lower average visit per day than the rest of our clinics. On a month-by-month basis, October visits per day were at 31.5. November was at 33.1, and
December at 31.5, with each month being a record high volume for that particular month. For the full year, our average daily visits per clinic was 30.4, which is the highest amount for any full year in our history. 

Our net rate of $104.73 in the fourth quarter of 2024 was $1.05 per visit higher than the fourth quarter of last year, even with the
1.8% Medicare rate reduction by CMS that went into effect, as you know, at the beginning of 2024. Excluding Medicare, our rate was up $1.57 per visit, or 1.4% over the fourth quarter of last year. The fourth quarter rate was a little lower than
the second and third quarters in 2024, primarily to the addition of Metro in the fourth quarter, and their average rate of $102.54 was lower than our overall average rate. Excluding Medicare and Metro, our net rate was up approximately 2.5% in
the fourth quarter. For the full year, our net rate in 2024 was $104.71, a $1.91 increase over the net rate of $102.80 in the fourth quarter of 2023. Of course, this includes the 1.8% Medicare rate reduction in 2024. If you exclude that, our full
year net rate increased 3.1% in 2024 as compared to 2023. We continue to benefit from our strategic priority of increasing reimbursement rates through contract negotiations with commercial and other payers, and our focus on growing our workers
comp business. 

Were also focused on maximizing our cash collections through improvements in our revenue cycle management, and our rate for each major
category of payers other than Medicare increased year over year and we will remain focused on rate-enhancing initiatives in 2025. 

Physical therapy revenues were $153.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2024, which was an increase of $19.2 million or 14.2% from last
years fourth quarter. The increase was driven by our higher net rate, the 3.1% increase in visits at our mature clinics, and the addition of Metro in November, which had approximately $10 million of revenue in the months of November and
December. Our physical therapy operating costs were $124.3 million, which was an increase of 16.6%. Approximately half of the dollar increase of $17.7 million was related to Metro. 

Excluding acquisitions, our salaries and related costs per visit was $61.82 in the fourth quarter of 24, which compares to $59.72 in
the fourth quarter of 23, which is an increase of 3.5%. If you exclude acquisitions, our total operating costs per visit increased just 1.7%, moving from $84.09 in the fourth quarter of 23 to $85.50 in the fourth quarter of this year. .

Our PT margin was 17.9% in the fourth quarter of 24, compared to 19.5% in the fourth quarter of last year, 23. Excluding
acquisitions, our PT margin was 18.5% in the fourth quarter of this year, being 2024. 

Our IIP team, as Chris noted, produced excellent growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2024. Our IIP net revenues were
up 32.1% over the fourth quarter of 23, with IIP income up 15.6% over the prior year. Excluding the IIP acquisition that we made earlier this year, our IIP revenues were still up 16.5%, with our gross profit up high single digits. Our IIP margin
was 18.5% in the fourth quarter of 24, and as Chris noted, the large new auto client that we added in the fourth quarter muted our margin a little bit in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our IIP revenues were up 23.8%, with IIP income up
21.5% and a margin of 20.6%. 

Our corporate office costs were in line for both the fourth quarter and the full year. They were 8.6% of our net revenue in the fourth
quarter of 24, and 8.7% of net revenue for the full year of 2024. 

Our operating results were $7.8 million that compares to $8.9 million in the fourth quarter of 23. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we
did record a $1 million true-up, which increased our income tax expense. That $1 million should not be factored into our go-forward effective tax rate. Our fourth quarter 2024 operating results were also impacted by lower interest income since we
deployed our invested cash and acquisitions in the fourth quarter, and higher amortization expense, which is non-cash, of course, which increased due to the acquisitions. 

Our balance sheet continues to be in an excellent position. We have $140.6 million of debt on our term loan, with a swap agreement in
place that places the rate on that term loan at 4.7% and that rate will extend through the middle of 2027. In addition to the term loan, we also have a $175 million revolving credit facility that had just $11 million drawn on it at December 31,
2024. balance sheet continues to be in an excellent position. We have $140.6 million of debt on our term loan, with a swap agreement in place that places the rate on that term loan at 4.7% and that rate will extend through the middle of 2027. In
addition to the term loan, we also have a $175 million revolving credit facility that had just $11 million drawn on it at December 31, 2024.

Our cash balance at the end of December was $41.4 million. And in 2024, we deployed $133 million of cash into acquisitions, and we
bought back more than $9 million of interest from our existing partners. Acquisitions will continue to be our primary focus of capital allocation, and our capital structure is well positioned for it. Also note that our board increased our
quarterly dividend rate from $0.44 per share to $0.45 per share, effective with our first quarter dividend. 

Looking at 2025, we expect our full year 2025 EBITDA to be in the range of $88 million to $93 million. We have the Medicare rate
headwind as we enter the year, as weve noted, a 2.9% reduction, which equates to approximately $6.4 million of revenue and $5.7 million of EBITDA. But wed still expect good growth in EBITDA in 2025, with a full year contribution from the
acquisitions we completed in 2024, the full year impact of payor rate increases that we completed in 2024 and then a partial year impact of the ones that we will complete in 2025, continued volume increases at our existing clinics, and continued
double digit growth in our IIP business.

As we noted in the press release, we expect the first quarter to be our lowest EBITDA quarter of the year thats consistent with
previous years, just due to normal seasonal factors, likely somewhere around 20% of our full year EBITDA in the first quarter. 

With that, Ill turn the call back to Chris, and well take questions.

Chris Reading: 

Yes. Thanks, Carey. Great job. Operator, lets go ahead and open it up for questions

Operator: 

Absolutely. At this time, if youd like to ask a question, please press the star (*) and one (1) keys on your telephone keypad. Keep in mind, you can remove yourself from
the question queue at any time by pressing star (*) and two (2). Well take our first question from Brian Tanquilut with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Brian Tanquilut: 

Hey, good morning, guys. This is my first question. Carey, as I think about the growth assumptions that are in your guidance, I know theres a Medicare rate cut, but
curious how youre thinking about volume growth, number one, and then like your rate trajectory, knowing that theres a Medicare rate cut coming in, and then maybe also the impact of the 32 clinics that you closed.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Yes. So, Ill start go ahead. Did you want to say something, Chris?

Chris Reading: 

No. Go ahead, Carey.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Ill start with the closure of the clinics. That closure of the clinics, that makes about a positive $1.5 million impact on our 2025. They had a loss of $1.5 million in
EBITDA in 2024 in those first nine months prior to closing them, so thatll be a positive for 2025

As far as rate, we do have the 2.9% Medicare rate reduction, but were going to continue to grow all of our other payers. We are
constantly looking to increase those rates based on negotiations were in the middle of right now. Weve got some of our larger states that were in contract negotiations on right now and expect to see some increases in 2025. So, we still expect
our rate, even with the 2.9% reduction in Medicare, we expect our rate to increase in 2025. Maybe not at the rate it did when you compare 24 to 23 just because we have a larger Medicare rate reduction, but were going to increase the rate in
2025. Im confident in that. 

And then as far as volume at our mature clinics, I think we go into the year of 2025 expecting to see continued growth in that. We had
3% visit growth in the fourth quarter, and I think we can achieve that certainly in 2025, somewhere in that 2% to 3% range at a minimum.

Chris, any comments from you other than that?

Chris Reading: 

No, I think thats right. The team continues to work on all these foundational fundamental issues, and we expect to make continued progress in all those areas.

Brian Tanquilut: 

I understand. And then, Chris, maybe as I think about recruiting and retention and wage inflation, obviously still an area of focus and maybe a little bit of a challenge
there. So, Im curious, what do you think the dynamics are there, and are we getting close to the end of that trend? Anything you can share with us and your thoughts there.

Chris Reading: 

Yes, Brian, I wish I knew. I mean, its difficult for us to project what demand is going to look like. Certainly, there are internal and external factors, a number of
people entering physical therapy school, a number of graduates, geographic distribution of those, there are a lot of factors. So, a little bit difficult for me to project when things change. I will tell you that weve made some
investments this year in infrastructure and people. We hired a number of individuals. We upgraded systems on the recruiting side. Weve changed how were addressing the market on the recruiting side. Were seeing some definite improvement
in that area, significant measurable improvement, anecdotal improvement from our partners. Theyre seeing more applicants than theyve seen in a very, very long time. But in terms of the rate, the rate is always determined by the
competition and your ability to differentiate yourself compared to others. We certainly have the balance sheet and the stability in comparison to the vast majority of our competitors, so a lot of stability there. But its a competitive
market right now, and if we want to continue to grow volume, we have to remain competitive, and we expect to. 

Brian Tanquilut: 

Got it. All right. Thanks, guys.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Thanks, Brian.

Chris Reading: 

Thank you. Well take our next question from Larry Solow with CJAS Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Chris Reading: 

Hey, Larry.

Larry: 

Thanks. Good morning. Hey, good morning, guys.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Good morning.

Larry: 

Just piggybacking on Brians question, just on the volume outlook for this year, the 2% or 3%, because I think it was a little bit less than that in 24, and there were
some staffing constraints and what not. So, I guess the question is, it sounds like the inflationary pressures are still there and things wont get fixed overnight, but I know you had several initiatives underway. Do you think staffing
will still be a constraint on that volume, or will that be more just on a cost impact in terms of the staffing side?

Chris Reading: 

Yes, look, I mean, we always have puts and takes from a staffing perspective. When you have approaching 800 locations, youre going to have some many potentially where
youre fully staffed, and then others where youre intermittently looking for one reason or another, either volume growth is exceeding your current capacity or you have somebody relocate when things happen. But generally speaking, were
making progress on the recruiting side, our retention has been good, and so I expect that were going to be able to address the volume as we go forward with the investments that weve made in a little better fashion than we did in the
last 12 to 18 months. Having said that, I dont know that Im prepared to give you a radically different volume number as we start this year. Lets see how it plays out. Everybodys working very hard to deliver on that, as we have both
delivered and worked on that issue, and well see how the year comes through.

Larry: 

Thats fair. And I know you spoke about several initiatives and you highlighted that again in your press release. This is a moving target, it feels like theres a lot of
moving parts. Maybe inflation is probably more resistant than we thought, but maybe a few months ago but I know last quarter you threw out a $10 million ultimate cost savings number without an actual timeline. Again, do you still feel
comfortable, maybe not that 10 million exact number, but that were moving in the right direction and there are excess things you can cut out or efficiencies that you can build in, it just takes time? Is that fair to say?

Chris Reading: 

Yes, I think its fair. Look, were not perfect. Weve delivered on almost everything we said we were going to do. This is the one area that weve got to continue to work
at, and its challenging. Our partners tendency is to err on the side of making sure they have enough people, and its probably the right side to err on, generally, enough people to take care of staff. Yet with inflation, weve got to
figure out a way how not to be moment to moment with slack resources. And it doesnt take a lot. Somewhere between $50.00 and $75.00 a day per clinic aggregates up to $10 to $15 million pretty quickly. So, we think in a longer period of
time, in addition to the basic things that the operations team is working on daily with our partners to make sure that hours match very precisely with volume demands. Were hopeful that the front desk initiative around virtualization will
give us the ability to scale back there and be more efficient, particularly across smaller locations, handle a number of locations virtually. And then, were hopeful that the AI Scribe system that were using for documentation helps to
make our clinician today a little bit more efficient, and therefore, potentially a little bit more productive. So, thats going to take a little time, of course. Those are newer, more recent changes in addition to the day-to-day focus
that has been ongoing. We have more work to do, so weve got to deliver some results.

Larry: 

Right. Just lastly, on the CMS cut, obviously its been a multi-year headwind, it does feel like, and I think you mentioned that too in your release, that again,
government never knows exactly whats going to happen, but it sounds like were at the end of that four or five years of cuts.

Chris Reading: 

Yes, we definitely should be. Statutorily, according to the way that this original law was drafted around neutrality and fee schedule, we should be beyond that. Weve now
absorbed, particularly with interest, all of the rate cut that was prescribed at the beginning, which was an onerous, wrong-headed cut that wasnt supposed to be directed toward physical therapy, but which we absorbed anyway. We continue
to be frequently in Washington and have a lot of discussions with key members. We have a bill that is entitled as the SAFE Act, which we think can be used, now can be used as a saver to offset some of the potential increases in the entire
physician fee schedule. SAFE Act is designed to reduce falls, allowing Medicare patients to get a screen without a copay in a physical therapy office. We have a lot of traction with that. Were hoping thats something that comes to pass
this year. So, were making progress. Its been a tough series of years, but were hoping to come out the other side. Itll be nice to have what we hope to be neutral to forward years again in the future.

Larry: 

Great. Thank you, guys. I appreciate all the color.

Chris Reading: 

Yes, thanks, Larry.

Operator: 

Well take our next question from Jared Haase with William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Chris Reading: 

Morning.

Jared: 

Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. Maybe Ill ask on the IIP segment. It looks like that accelerated on an organic basis to end the year. I just wanted to
make sure I understand what you have with that acceleration. So, is that largely cross cell driven, any new logos that were material in the period? And then obviously you mentioned expecting that double-digit growth profile to continue.
Can you just remind us, I guess, what level of visibility do you have in that trend on a forward year basis?

Chris Reading: 

Yes, visibility is really good. I mean, barring some major change, which would be unforeseen, I think weve done a pretty good job over the seven years or eight years. I
guess its eight years now going into this year that weve had it. We had one year that was flat and we had visibility into some anticipated change several years ago, and beyond that, weve been consistently double digits. And so, one of
the things that our team has gotten particularly good at, and Im really proud of them the CEO for our largest injury prevention company was in town with us this week that team has done an exceptional job in cross selling. And the
acquisitions that we brought in have added to our industry verticals, types of industries that we serve. Theyve also broadened our offering over time. And over that same period of time, weve gotten much, much better at cross selling.
So, those are two significant components in addition to the fact that more and more companies are becoming aware that injury prevention is a necessary part of preventing their massive musculoskeletal spend issues. Its a problem for our
country across many, many industry segments. So, its that combination. We did an acquisition earlier in the year. I think it was probably April of 2024. That acquisition has gone well, that integration has gone well. And again, over a
period of time, the team, weve added to it. The team has matured and just doing a really nice job. Im really proud of those guys.

Jared: 

Thats great. Thats super helpful color. And then Ill maybe ask a related question on the same segment. I was just curious, the large competitive win that you cited in
the fourth quarter. I was hoping to hear any color in terms of how you framed the key characteristics that I guess differentiated your services, allowing you to win that larger client.

Chris Reading: 

Yes. So, one of our injury prevention partnerships has had really, really strong success on the auto industry. They served a number of the worlds biggest auto
manufacturers already, and this was a particular auto plant in the US, which was being served long standing by a large competitor with competitive process, and I think these companies, they talk. Certainly, there are components of price
that come into play. Although, I dont think we were particularly aggressive in terms of our pricing necessarily, but the service that we provide and relationship with our staff and the consistency of the teams, I think, has stood out
over time. Look, we win some, we lose some. This one was a great win for us. It caused us to have to staff up quickly which compressed that margin a little bit which we saw in the fourth quarter. The auto contracts, in general, little
tighter margin than some other industries, but Im proud of that team as well. Theyre doing a great job and they have a lot of good things in the works for this coming year.

Jared: 

Perfect. Thats great to hear, and Ill hop back in queue.

Chris Reading: 

Yes. Thank you.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Thanks, Jared.

Operator: 

Well take our next question from Ryan Quinn with Corre Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Ryan Quinn: 

Hey Chris and Carey, this is Ryan Quinn from Corre. Can you guys hear me okay?

Chris Reading: 

Hey Ryan. Yes, youre good.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Yes. Hi.

Ryan Quinn: 

Good morning. Were just trying to better understand the EBITDA budget for 2025 at the midpoint of 90.5, given the 88 to 93 guidance. It seems like full year 2024 has
about two months of Metro, which you noted that was about $10 million of revenue for November and December. If I kind of imply their EBITDA margin of about 19%, that gets me to about $2 million of EBITDA. So, if I back out those two
months for 2024, I kind of get to an $80 million EBITDA number, and if I just simplistically add on $12 million of Metro to that to get an apples-to-apples comparison, Im somewhat getting to a full 25 implied $91.8 million of EBITDA,
which is a little bit higher than your midpoint guide. So Im just trying to better understand the puts and takes as it relates to the growth, because it seems like the average visits per day is record high, and the demand dynamics are
extremely high, but were just trying to better understand some of the cost to puts as it relates to that budget.

Chris Reading: 

Yes. Let me just say this, and then Carey has the detail on some of the puts and takes. Our budget is actually a little bit higher than the midpoint range that we
provided. You know, these guides arent perfect and we try to frame it as best we can. You know, youve got to remember that weve got a Medicare reduction this year which takes out a pretty significant chunk, actually. It eliminates a
lot of the Metro lift which, again, were 50% on. So, remember that as well. Carey, do you want to walk through the detail around that?

Carey Hendrickson: 

Sure. Yes, sure. First of all, Ryan, thanks for the question, but your Metro estimate is a little high. You know, when we bought them, they have about $12 million of
EBITDA and we own 50% of that. So, their EBITDA to us is somewhere around $6 million, plus or minus a little bit, and the fourth quarter amount of EBITDA that youve quoted was a little high too. They were probably about a million dollars
or so in the fourth quarter from their contribution with those two months. So, if you look at our Ill break it out into pieces. If you look at our contribution in 2025 versus where we were in 2024 from acquisitions, all our
acquisitions, probably somewhere around an $8 million to $9 million increase in 25 versus what we had from them 24. IIIP is going to go up a little more than $3 million, I would say. But then we have the Medicare reduction of $5.7
million in EBITDA. Weve got corporate costs were going to increase to support the growth as well as some initiatives for financial systems that we have in 2025 that we need to upgrade. We havent upgraded our financial systems in a
number of years. Thats probably could be $5, $6, $7 million in additional corporate costs. But still, as a percent of revenue, I think it will go down in 2025 as compared to 24. Then youre left with the core of that growing at a pretty
good rate without the Medicare reduction in 2025, about $6 to $10 million, somewhere around there. These are all just broad strokes, but that kind of gets you to where that midpoint range is. So, hopefully, thats helpful.

Ryan Quinn: 

I appreciate that additional color. Just one more, if I may. Obviously, its great to see the net rate per patient visit increase year over year to that 104.73 but it did
take a little bit of a step down sequentially from Q2 and Q3 as well. Just trying to understand some of the puts and takes there. Can you help us understand that a little bit better?

Chris Reading: 

Yes, Carey, go ahead.

Carey Hendrickson: 

As I mentioned on the call, Metros average rate was lower than our overall average rate. So, its about 102.50, and thats lower than our rate was. For instance, in the
third quarter of just above 105. So, when you add that in, it brings that rate down a little bit, but its still a nice increase even with that over the prior year. Weve got rate negotiations going on all the time, and you know, you have
puts and takes in rates, but we still were able to increase that at a pretty nice rate in the fourth quarter, considering, especially, the addition of Metro in there at a lower rate. It was 2.5% increase in the fourth quarter of 24
compared to the fourth quarter of 23 when you exclude the Medicare impacts, as well as Metro --o, looking at a kind of apples-to-apples.. So, that may not be quite as high as it was in the second and third quarters, but still a pretty
good increase year over year in the fourth quarter.

Ryan Quinn: 

Yes, thats helpful. I appreciate it. Then just going back to the budget comment for 2025. Are you able to help the folks here in account of [to cover the name], just
bridge what the implied EBITDA margin would be for 2025? Does it look similar to 2024, including or excluding Metro? Are we going to see a little bit of a step up there? Maybe a little bit of a decrease? How should we be thinking about
that?

Carey Hendrickson: 

Well, when I look at our EBITDA margin as well as our let me just talk about PT margin first. PT margin, I think, its going to be relatively similar to what it was in
24. Were going to have increase in on our costs increase in our cost are normal and we talked about some that. Its just going to depend on how much headway were able to make with some of our cost intiatives, I think, where that
margin ends up for the year, but I think it should be somewhat similar to, and hopefully growing a little bit from where it was in 2024. IIP margin is going to be relatively similar to what it was in 24.

Ryan Quinn: 

Got you. But you guys dont disclose what the estimated actual margin would be?

Carey Hendrickson: 

No. We dont talk that specifically about that.

Ryan Quinn: 

Okay. Well, appreciate the time, both of you. And we can follow up off on. Thank you very much, appreciate the time.

Chris Reading: 

Youre welcome. Thank you.

Operator: 

Well take our next question from Constantine Davides with Citizens JMP. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Constantine Davides: 

Chris, just on maybe you can just talk a little bit about your experience with Metro now that youve sort of owned that for four months, and comment on the New York
market more broadly since its your first experience in there, and then just how youre thinking about opportunities to add de novos underneath that logo in 2025?

Chris Reading: 

Yes. Constatine, Im going to kick this over. Metro or let me make a few comments and then I want Eric Williams to take that. Erics front and center barely with Michael
at Metro. Metro team is doing a great job. New Yorks then turned out to be a really good market for us. We get a lot of growth opportunities, not just in New York but in adjacent areas. Eric, do you want to touch a little bit on Metro
and where we are?

Eric Williams: 

Yes, look, were excited about having this opportunity in New York. I mean that whole northeast has really been an area that we havent done a great job of penetrating and
by picking up the Metro business which has a tremendous amount of density on Long Island, we think we have the ability to grow not just in Long Island but in the other boroughs of New York and over to New Jersey. Now that we have a really
strong management team at Metro, its going to open some doors for us. They have a very solid de novo pipeline for New York. Were going to evaluate a lot of talking opportunities as well. I think it dramatically increases our ability to
add de novo. I think we did 28 clinics last year from a de novo perspective and I think Metros going to add substantially to that moving forward here in 2025.

Constantine Davides: 

One thing I know, they do a lot or at least some of it is home-based therapy and maybe you guys can just comment broadly on how you think about that at US Physical and
what kind of opportunities you have to extend services beyond the four walls of the typical outpatient clinic?

Chris Reading: 

Let me start and then you pick it up. We definitely see home-based therapy as the next opportunity. We had a partner meeting coming up. Its going to be a big focus, one
of several focuses on service expansion but Metros done a great job, and we have more plan. Go ahead, Eric.

Eric Williams: 

Yes, I was going to add about. The home care side was about 20% of their business there and a lot of expertise and again opens up the door with Metro there not just to
expand on the outpatient clinic side but to expand on the homecare side as well. We are excited about looking at that and looking forward to having Michael to share with our other partners how we started and grew our product line. So, we
also think thats a great opportunity for further growth at US PH.

Constantine Davides: 

Great. Thanks for the color. I guess just one last question. Carey, I apologize if I miss this but did you quote a workers comp mix for the quarter and can you guys just
talk about youve been in that market for a long time, just whats really driving some of the volume benefits with respect to that part of the market in terms of your ability to reaccelerate growth in workers comp?

Carey Hendrickson: 

Im going to let Eric talk about because hes really heading up our workers comp initiative so Eric, why dont you take that?

Eric Williams: 

Sure. Yes, much like the net rate issues, this is something we worked really hard on over the course of the last two years and 2024 was definitely a success for us. A lot
of that goes back to significantly increasing the number of work comp pay relationships that we have and really focusing on pull through all those agreements. So you can take a look at the number of agreements that we had in place three
years ago. So go back to 2022, we tripled the number of those relationships and significantly increased pull through. If you take a look at Ill give you some Q4 numbers and then some year to date numbers, visits in the fourth quarter
grew 11.6 year-over-year, rate increased in that quarter 7% and overall revenue increased 19.5% quarter over quarter for work comp. On a year to date basis, they are similar. Total revenue has increased 15.7% year-over-year on an
annualized basis, visits increased 11.6% and overall for the year we went up about 3.7% on rates. So its been a focus upward. Weve invested in some additional resources, we spend a lot of time with our partners teaching them whats a
little bit different about handling a workers compensation patient and a relationship with case managers, referral sources, employers versus how you do that for a traditional outpatient physical therapy patient. So its that
infrastructure and training that we put in place that are making a big difference for us and we have several more agreements still in process right now which we expect to further help us grow our business in 2025.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Constantine, to your specific question about mix. The workers comp mix was right at 10% in the fourth quarter of 2024. That was down a little bit from the third quarter
but the reason is that Metro doesnt have as significant a component of Workers Comp as the rest of our business does. On an apples-to-apples basis, our mix was 10.4% in the fourth quarter just like it was in the third quarter of 24.

Constantine Davides: 

Awesome. Thanks for taking the questions guys.

Chris Reading: 

Thank you.

Operator: 

Well take our next question from Mike Petusky with Barrington Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Chris Reading: 

Hey, Mike.

Mike Petusky: 

Hey, good morning. Lots of great information. Thank you. Going back to Metro, the net rate there. Im just curious, did they have a decent amount of Medicare or are these
contracts that you can improve as they are more fully integrated? Can you just speak about that 102.54, can that be lifted over time?

Chris Reading: 

Yes, will be lifted. Go ahead Eric.

Eric Williams: 

Yes, theres actually a number. When a year is where we bring a lot of resources that Metro didnt have is on the payor contracting side and were neck deep in terms of
rate negotiations with the number of payors in the market and absolutely have the ability to increase rate. Our expectation is that were going to. A lot of their homecare business is Medicare but again the vast majority of the volume
going through their clinics is on a through the business is on the outpatient clinic side so thats an opportunity for them.

Mike Petusky: 

All right, perfect. Im not sure I heard this clearly and I may not have. Carey did you say essentially when you were still doing the puts and takes on the EBITDA and sort
of the bridge to the guide, did you say you were assuming a pick up of 3 million from the technology initiatives you guys are putting in place? Did you say that or did I totally mishear that?

Carey Hendrickson: 

No, I didnt say I said a little north of 3 million from our IIP business, that may be what.

Mike Petusky: 

Okay. All right. In terms then of the technology initiatives and Chris what are you I understand that youre in the pilot stage but what do you think you can pick up? I
dont know how I know different places sort of handle notes differently from, are very heavy and therapy sort of doing notes as theyre treating the patients. Some are less relaxed about that, I mean, how much pick up can you get from
the AI notes pile and then from the other piece of the technology virtuals and staffing?

Chris Reading: 

Yes, I still think TBD, to be determined. I expect well have more cost related pick up in the virtualization part of the front desk necessarily than we will on a cost
perspective from the AI notes component. I do think it will help to reduce some of the stress on our therapist. I think it will help retention. I think its going to be a welcome add and I think anytime you reduce stress, you free up some
time, you create the opportunity to generate a little bit more revenue potentially but I think the big, I think the bigger part on the cost side is going to be the front desk virtualization and how were able to do that in increments and
were not deep enough, long enough in to have a real good handle on that yet Mike but I feel, from talking to others, I feel like we can definitely make some progress from where we are.

Mike Petusky: 

Then, last question. Unfortunately, I think that I know the answer to this, with all the activities in Washington. Im assuming that the thought that maybe the congress
would go back post December 31st and look at the weight cut that the CMS putting in for 25. Im assuming between our claims in Gaza, Greenland, and Canada, that this may not be front and center in terms of congress activities. So, can
you just kind of confirm that thats not something that you guys still have hope for.

Chris Reading: 

We dont have that built into our budget and we dont have an expectation that thats going to happen. These are in the outside possibility that remains, yes, I would tell
you not to bet on it. If it happens, itll be a surprise,Predicting anything that happens in Washington these days is difficult. I think the way theyve gone about it in draft form, the cost is going to be prohibitive, rather than
propping up select subsets in the physician piece schedule that have been under particular duress in the last few years, physical therapy is certainly one of those, kind of the proposal that dont think will end up getting traction except
the entire physician fee schedule would get a lift, and its just really a cost prohibitive item to do that because some of those physicians have gotten the lists for the past few years, and this would be in addition to that. So when you
aggregate all that, its a really big number, and so thats why I dont think its going to happen. Could it? Yes, but not counting on it. Were not expecting it.

Operator: 

Very good. Thanks guys.

Chris Reading: 

Thanks, Mike.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Thank you, Mike.

Operator: 

Well take our next question from Joanna Gajuk from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.

Joanna Gajuk: 

Yes, hi. Thanks so much for picking. A couple 

Carey Hendrickson: 

Hi Joanna.

Joanna Gajuk: 

Hi, how are you? Just for the couple of follow ups here. I guess on the - thanks for the call on the non-Medicare rate explaining Metro in Q4, you know, the pricing or the
average revenue is okay. What exactly do you use them for for 25, I guess, on that piece of the non-Medicare rate, I guess excluding Metro. But then I guess, even with the Metro coming at the lower rate, do we expect the average net rate
for the year for 25 to be flat or up a little bit, or down a little bit? Thank you.

Carey Hendrickson: 

Im sorry, the last part was at - whether average rate will be up or down versus 24. Is that correct?

Chris Reading: 

Right.

Joanna Gajuk: 

Yes, for the full year. Yes. And then what year for like the non-Medicare 2025 year?

Carey Hendrickson: 

Yes. I do believe the rate will be up in 25 versus 24. I think I noted earlier, maybe not at the same rate as it was 24 to23 because we do have the larger Medicare
rate reduction in 25 than we did in 2024, but still, I do expect it to be up in 25 versus 24. As far as non-Medicare increase, its hard to predict that exactly because it depends on what rate negotiations we get completed and when,
and when those actually take effect. But I would still expect an underlying increase of somewhere around the 2% mark, if not hopefully a little bit better than that. I think we need to achieve that in order to get a rate increase in 2025
when weve got Medicare rate reduction kind of looming there. As Eric mentioned, I think well see some nice lifts on Metro rates. I think we would expect at least as much, if not a little more, rate increase there than we have on some of
our other acquisitions. Weve got some real opportunity there, I think. 

Joanna Gajuk: 

Great to hear. I guess the last comment. On another topic, I guess, I dont think you talk about cash flow. So, I guess it was down in the quarter. Theres some timing
issues, but also for this full year, the cash flow was down. Maybe there was also something related with timing and such, because I guess also 23 cash flow moved a lot year over year. So, I guess maybe talk about the history, but also
more importantly, how we should think about cash flow outlook for 

Carey Hendrickson: 

Yes. I mean, I think - look, weve had really good cash flow. More than enough to help us pay down that Term Loan a little bit, and make acquisitions which mostly came
from cash we already had on our balance sheet. Year to year, there arent, I wouldnt necessarily say any big puts or takes, but I expect we will have some cash flow growth in 2025, a little bit more than we had in 2024. Our dividend
increase is a penny increase per quarter, which is nice, but it doesnt add that much to our cash flow. So, I think when we have the cash flow growth top line, theres not going to be as much taken away from a much of an increase in the
dividend as perhaps the rest of the growth. So, I think well be in good position from a cash flow growth standpoint. Im not worried about our cash flow growth. We have good cash flow, period. I think we generate a good amount of cash.
It may vary a little bit year to year, but were in a good position from that standpoint. Our capital structure is really what Im focused on, and I think were in a good position to be able to allocate capital to acquisitions going
forward, which I do believe well have a good amount of activity in 2025 on the acquisition front too. Hope that helps, Joanna. 

Joanna Gajuk: 

No, this is helpful. Thank you, I appreciate it. I guess, on the acquisition front, any call ou there, were there some many different things youre looking at? I guess
youre talking about this home therapy as a kind of, I guess, new service line, but is there something you might need to buy some assets or some capabilities to actually do it more on expanded way outside of the Metro market, or is it
something that you would develop internally? Thank you.

Chris Reading: 

Yes. I think on a home care side, were looking at the, actually, in discussions right now. In one market where, as Eric mentioned, we have a partner meeting coming up in
March. Thats going to be one of the featured expansion elements that well spend some time with Michaels help and introduce to our partners, and thats something that we think we can begin to do with select partnerships organically.
Then theres just the normal stuff in injury prevention and physical therapy that were always working on. So, I think we have good opportunities this year. As Carey mentioned, compared to many, many of our competitors, we a have a great
capital structure. Our peers are considerably tighter, in some cases, really difficult. You know, beginning 2022 and forward, were in a great spot, and we have a great home for really good companies, and we are going to continue to be
active. I dont know that I consider home care really to be truly a different segment. Its what we normally do in physical therapy, its just that the site of care is different, but youll see we continue to be active in all those
areas.

Operator: 

There are no further question on the line at this time. I would turn the program to our speakers for any closing remarks.

Chris Reading: 

Okay, David. Thank you. Look, thanks everybody for your time today. Thanks for your questions. A lot of great questions. Carey and I are available as the day goes on and
tomorrow. Feel free to give us a call and have a great rest of your day. Thank you. Bye now.

Operator: 

Okay. This does conclude todays program. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

END
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>usph-20250227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>usph-20250227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>usph-20250227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>logo_usph2020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 27, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 27, 2025

Entity File Number 001-11151

Entity Registrant Name U S PHYSICAL THERAPY INC /NV

Entity Central Index Key 0000885978

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Tax Identification Number 76-0364866

Entity Address, Address Line One 1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY

Entity Address, Address Line Two SUITE 300

Entity Address, City or Town HOUSTON

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77043

City Area Code 713

Local Phone Number 297-7000

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.01 par value

Trading Symbol USPH

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://usph.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
usph-20250227.xsd 
usph-20250227_lab.xml 
usph-20250227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000885978-25-000004-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000885978 

2025-02-27 
2025-02-27 

false 
U S PHYSICAL THERAPY INC /NV 
0000885978 
8-K 
2025-02-27 
NV 
001-11151 
76-0364866 
1300 WEST SAM HOUSTON PARKWAY 
SUITE 300 
HOUSTON 
TX 
77043 
713 
297-7000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $.01 par value 
USPH 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>