<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-044842.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-044842.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326093304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-044842
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jaguar Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001585608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36714
		FILM NUMBER:		25770379

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PINE STREET SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-371-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PINE STREET SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130830
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>jagx-20250326.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0001585608false00015856082025-03-262025-03-26

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 26, 2025

Jaguar Health, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 

001-36714 

46-2956775

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

200 Pine Street

Suite 400 

San Francisco, California 

94104

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code:(415)371-8300

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share 

JAGX 

The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On March 26, 2025 (the Execution Date), Jaguar Health, Inc. (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements) with selected accredited investors (each, an Investor), pursuant to which the Company, in a private placement (the Private Placement), will issue approximately $3.4 million aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory notes (collectively, the Notes) to such Investors. The Company will use the proceeds for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on or about March 27, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Convertible Promissory Notes

The Notes bear interest at the rate of 6% per annum and will mature three months after issuance (the Maturity Date).

The Notes will be immediately convertible, at each holders option, in part or in full, into an aggregate of 622,598 shares (the Conversion Shares) of the Companys voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), at a conversion price of $5.535 per share for Investors who are not an officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company (collectively, an Insider), and $5.555 per share for Investors who are Insiders, subject to adjustment for customary stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transactions.

So long as the Company has not received a notice from the holder for the conversion of the Notes where the applicable Conversion Shares have not yet been delivered, the Company may repay any amount outstanding under the Notes at par (including principal and accrued and unpaid interest) (each, an Optional Repayment).The Company may only effect an Optional Repayment if each of the Equity Conditions (as defined in the Notes) shall have been met on each Trading Day during the period commencing on the Optional Repayment Notice Date through to the Optional Repayment Date (as such terms are defined in the Notes) and through and including the date that payment of the Optional Repayment is actually made in full.

Under the Notes, the Company is subject to certain restrictive covenants, including a covenant restricting the Companys right to pay dividends or otherwise make any payment or distribution in respect of the Companys capital stock, subject to certain limited exceptions, without the prior written consent of the holders of the Notes. In addition, the Company is required to use 100% of the net amount of any outside investments received by the Company (excluding product sales revenue) for repayment of the Notes.

As long as any portion of a Note remains outstanding, unless the holders of at least 50.1% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Notes) to, directly or indirectly enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, subject to certain limited exceptions.

Common Stock Warrants

As an inducement to enter into the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Investors will receive warrants (collectively, the Warrants) to purchase up to an aggregate of 622,598 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares) with an initial exercise price equal to $5.41 per share for Investors who are not Insiders, and $5.43 per share for Investors who are Insiders, in each case subject to adjustment for reclassification of the Common Stock, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction (the Exercise Price). The Warrants will be exercisable immediately upon issuance and will expireon the earlier of (i) five years from the date of issuance, (ii) the consummation of a fundamental transaction and (iii) the consummation of a liquidation event.

Certain Insiders, including the Companys Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and certain members of the Companys board of directors and officers, will participate in the Private Placement. These Insiders will purchase $535,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes which will be convertible into up to 96,309 Conversion Shares, and will receive Warrants to purchase up to 96,309 Warrant Shares.

The Company makes certain customary representations and warranties and has agreed to customary covenants and obligations. The Securities Purchase Agreements and the Notes contain customary events of default upon the occurrence and during the continuance of which the Notes shall, at the option of the holders by written notice to the Company, become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to the holders an amount equal to the then outstanding balance of the Notes and accrued and unpaid interest thereon, plus Default Interest (as defined in the Notes), if any.

Engagement of the Placement Agent; Placement Agent Warrants

The Company engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the Placement Agent) to act as its exclusive placement agent in connection with the transactions summarized above and has agreed to pay the Placement Agent (i) a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Private Placement from Investors who are not Insiders and (ii) a management fee equal to 1.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Private Placement and will reimburse the Placement Agent for certain fees and expenses.

The Company has also agreed to issue to the Placement Agent or its designees, at the closing of the Private Placement, warrants to purchase up to 37,376 shares of Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrants), which will have the same form and terms as the Warrants except that the Placement Agent Warrants will have an exercise price equal to $6.9188 per share. In addition, upon the exercise for cash of any Warrants, the Company shall issue to the Placement Agent (or its designees) the warrants to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock equal to 6.0% (or in the case of any Warrant Exercise by certain Insiders, 3.5%) of the aggregate number of such shares of Common Stock underlying such Warrants that have been so exercised and such warrants will be in the same form and terms as the Placement Agent Warrants originally issued.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the transactions described above, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the Investors (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed to register the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares. The Company is required to file a registration statement for the resale of such securities no later than April 15, 2025 and to use reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the date that is three days after the Company receives notification (orally or in writing) from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) that such registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review by the SEC.

The Company also agreed to other customary obligations regarding registration, including indemnification and maintenance of the effectiveness of the registration statement.

The form of Note, the form of Warrant, the form of Placement Agent Warrant, the form of Securities Purchase Agreement, the form of Registration Rights Agreement are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and such documents are incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing is only a brief description of thematerial terms of the Notes, the Warrants, the Placement Agent Warrants, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, does not purport to be a complete description of the rights and obligations of the parties thereunder and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03 in its entirety.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained above in Item 1.01 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02 in its entirety.

All of the securities described in this Current Report on Form 8-K were offered and sold in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The offering was made to an accredited investor (as defined by Rule 501 under the Securities Act).

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On March 26, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the Private Placement. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. 

Description

4.1 

Form of Convertible Promissory Note

4.2 

Form of Common Stock Warrant.

4.3 

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

10.2 

Form of Registration Rights Agreement

99.1 

Press Release, dated March 26, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

Date: 

March 26, 2025 

By: 

/s/Lisa A. Conte

Lisa A. Conte

Chief Executive Officer & President
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>jagx-ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES FILED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

Principal Amount: $[] Issue Date: [], 2025

CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, JAGUAR HEALTH, INC., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to the order of [], [a [] company] /[an individual resident of the State of []], or its registered assigns (the Holder) the principal sum of $[] (the Principal Amount), together with interest at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum, payable in cash at maturity or upon acceleration or otherwise, as set forth herein (this Note). This Note is being issued by the Borrower to the Holder at the Closing (the Issue Date) pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement) entered into on March 26, 2025.The maturity date of this Note shall be three (3) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date), and is the date upon which the principal sum, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due and payable. This Note may not be repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.9 herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note, which is not paid by the Maturity Date, shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) eighteen percent (18%) per annum or (ii) the maximum amount allowed by law, from the due date thereof until the same is paid (Default Interest). Interest shall commence accruing on the Issue Date and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of interest due on such date. As used in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed.

Capitalized terms used in this Note shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.

1

This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of stockholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

The following additional terms shall also apply to this Note:

ARTICLE I.

CERTAIN COVENANTS

1.1

Reservation of Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until this Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower shall reserve from its authorized and unissued voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock) a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a number of Conversion Shares equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at a conversion price equal to the then applicable Conversion Price (as defined below) multiplied by (ii) one and a half (1.5) (the Reserved Amount). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

1.2

Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holders written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock, solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or indirectly make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions pursuant to the Companys stockholders rights plan in effect as of the Issue Date or any other shareholders rights plan that is approved by a majority of the Borrowers disinterested directors.

1.3

Restriction on Stock Repurchases. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holders written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.

ARTICLE II.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

The occurrence of each of the following events of default shall each be an Event of Default, with no right to notice or right to cure except as specifically stated:

2.1

Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at the Maturity Date, upon acceleration, or otherwise.

2.2

Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. The Borrower fails to deliver any Conversion Shares (as defined below) in accordance with the terms hereof, which default remains uncured for a period of five (5) Trading Days. For purposes of this Note, Trading Day means any day on which Nasdaq is open for trading.

2.3

Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in any of the Transaction Documents, such breach would reasonably be expected to have (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note, and such breach continues for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.

2

2.4

Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in any of the Transaction Documents, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note.

2.5

Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

2.6

Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than $100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

2.7

Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower.

2.8

Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on Nasdaq, any equivalent replacement exchange, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), or the NYSE American.

2.9

Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (including but not limited to becoming delinquent in its filings), and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

2.10

Liquidation. The Borrower commences any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.

2.11

Cessation of Operations. The Borrower ceases operations or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrowers ability to continue as a going concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.

2.12

Financial Statement Restatement. The Borrower replaces its auditor, or any restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the unrestated financial statements, have constituted a material adverse effect on the Borrower or the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note.

2.13

Cross-Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the other indebtedness having an outstanding principal amount in excess of $1,000,000 currently issued, or hereafter issued, by the Borrower, to the Holder or any third party (the Other Agreements), shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note, in which event the Holder shall be entitled to apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder.

2.14

Inside Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its 

3

officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning the Borrower (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, any such information shared prior to the Issue Date), to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not promptly cured by Borrowers filing of a Form 8K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date.

2.15

Failure to Repay Upon Qualified Offering. The Borrower completes an offering and/or sale of securities, or becomes a borrower under any loan documents and/or credit facilities, on or after the Issue Date and fails to apply the proceeds of such offering, sale or loan to the repayment of this Note, until this Note is repaid in its entirety.

During the existence of any Event of Default specified in Sections 2.1, 2.22.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7, 2.8, 2.9, 2.10, 2.11, 2.12, 2.13, 2.14, and/or this 2.15, this Note shall, at the option of Holder by written notice to Borrower thereof, become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the then Outstanding Balance of this Note (as defined hereunder) plus Default Interest, if any (collectively, in the aggregate of all of the above, the Default Amount), and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

ARTICLE III.

HOLDER OPTIONAL CONVERSION

3.1

Holder Conversions. Holder has the right at any time after the Issue Date of this Note until the Outstanding Balance has been paid in full, at its election, to convert (each instance of conversion is referred to herein as a Holder Conversion) all or any part of the Outstanding Balance into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (Conversion Shares) as per the following conversion formula: the number of Conversion Shares equals the amount being converted (the Conversion Amount) divided by the Conversion Price; provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of this Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than [4.99%][9.99%] of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Maximum Share Amount). The Holder, upon not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Company, may increase the Maximum Share Amount, provided that the Maximum Share Amount shall never exceed 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 3.1 shall continue to apply. Any such increase will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The Maximum Share Amount provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 3.1 to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Maximum Share Amount provisions contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this Section 3.1 shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. For purposes of this Section 3.1, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. Conversion notices in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, a Holder Conversion Notice) may be effectively delivered to Borrower by any method of Holders choice (including but not limited to facsimile, email, mail, overnight courier, or personal delivery, 

4

all in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in Section 4.2 hereof), and all Holder Conversions shall be cashless and not require further payment from Holder. Borrower shall deliver the Conversion Shares from any Holder Conversion to Holder in accordance with Section 3.3 below. No ink-original Holder Conversion Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Holder Conversion Notice form be required.

For purposes of this Note, the Outstanding Balance means as of any date of determination, the Principal Amount, as reduced or increased, as the case may be, pursuant to the terms hereof for payment, Conversion, offset, or otherwise, accrued but unpaid interest, collection and enforcements costs (including attorneys fees) incurred by Holder, transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes and fees related to Conversions, and any other fees or charges (including without limitation Conversion Delay Late Fees (as defined hereunder)) incurred under this Note.

3.2

Conversion Price. The conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall be equal to $[____], subject to adjustment herein (the Conversion Price).

3.3

Method of Conversion Share Delivery. Not later than the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the date of delivery of a Holder Conversion Notice (the Delivery Date), Borrower shall, deliver or cause the Transfer Agent to deliver, to the Holder (A) the applicable Conversion Shares which, on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement) representing the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of this Note and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid interest. On or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, the Company shall deliver any Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Company under this Section 4(c) electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. Moreover, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, in the event Borrower or the Transfer Agent refuses to deliver any Conversion Shares to Holder on grounds that such issuance is in violation of Rule 144, Borrower shall deliver or cause the Transfer Agent to deliver the applicable Conversion Shares to Holder with a restricted securities legend, but otherwise in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.3. In conjunction therewith, Borrower will also deliver to Holder a written opinion from its counsel or its Transfer Agents counsel opining as to why the issuance of the applicable Conversion Shares violates Rule 144. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Holder Conversion Notice.

3.4

Conversion Delays. If Borrower fails to deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the timeframes stated in Section 3.3 (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such conversion), Holder may rescind in whole or in part that particular Conversion attributable to the unsold Conversion Shares, with a corresponding increase to the Outstanding Balance (any returned amount will tack back to the Issue Date of this Note for purposes of determining the holding period under Rule 144). In addition, for each Conversion, in the event that Conversion Shares are not delivered by the Delivery Date, a late fee in cash equal to the greater of (a) $500.00 and (b) 2% of the applicable Conversion Share Value rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.00 (but in any event the cumulative amount of such late fees for each Conversion shall not exceed 200% of the applicable Conversion Share Value) will be assessed for each day after the Delivery Date until Conversion Share delivery is made (such fees, the Conversion Delay Late Fees). For illustration purposes only, if Holder delivers a Conversion Notice to Borrower pursuant to which Borrower is required to deliver 100,000 Conversion Shares to Holder and on the Delivery Date such Conversion Shares have a Conversion Share 

5

Value of $20,000.00 (assuming a Closing Sale Price on the Delivery Date of $0.20 per share of Common Stock), then in such event a Conversion Delay Late Fee in the amount of $500.00 per day (the greater of $500.00 per day and $20,000.00 multiplied by 2%, which is $400.00) would be added to the Outstanding Balance of the Note until such Conversion Shares are delivered to Holder. For purposes of this example, if the Conversion Shares are delivered to Holder twenty (20) days after the applicable Delivery Date, the total Conversion Delay Late Fees that would be added to the Outstanding Balance would be $10,000.00 (20 days multiplied by $500.00 per day). If the Conversion Shares are delivered to Holder one hundred (100) days after the applicable Delivery Date, the total Conversion Delay Late Fees that would be added to the Outstanding Balance would be $40,000.00 (100 days multiplied by $500.00 per day, but capped at 200% of the Conversion Share Value). Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section 2 hereof for the Borrowers failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and the Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Borrower fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder such Conversion Shares by the Delivery Date pursuant to Section 3.3, and if after such Delivery Date the Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Conversion Shares which the Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Borrower shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by the Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) this Note in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the attempted conversion (in which case such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Borrower had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 3.3. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of this Note with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Borrower shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Borrower written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Borrower, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Borrowers failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

For purposes of this Note:

Conversion Share Value means the product of the number of Conversion Shares deliverable pursuant to any Conversion multiplied by the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Delivery Date for such Conversion.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last trade price for such security on the principal trading market of the security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if the principal trading market of the security begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last trade price then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York City Time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of

6

such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if no closing bid price is reported for such security by Bloomberg Financial Markets, the average of the bid prices and asked prices of any market makers for such security as reported in the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as determined by the Companys Board of Directors in good faith. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

ARTICLE IV.

MISCELLANEOUS

4.1

Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

4.2

Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile, or electronic mail addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery, upon electronic mail delivery, or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Borrower, to:

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

200 Pine Street, Suite 400

San Francisco, California, 94104

Attention: Lisa A. Conte, CEO

e-mail: lconte@jaguar.health

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Reed Smith LLP

1841 Page Mill Road, Suite 110

Palo Alto, CA 94304

E-mail: DReinke@reedsmith.com

Attention: Donald Reinke, Esq.

7

If to the Holder, to the Holders mailing address or email address set forth in the Schedule of Buyers attached to the Purchase Agreement

or at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) business days prior to the effectiveness of such change.

4.3

Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

4.4

Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Borrower hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Borrower without the prior signed written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void if the Borrower does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Note or any of the severable rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Borrowers consent thereto. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

4.5

Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys fees.

4.6

Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction). Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding 

8

shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

4.7

Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

4.8

Usury. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Note, and the Borrower (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such as though no such law has been enacted.

4.9

Repayment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, so long as Borrower has not received a Holder Conversion Notice from Holder where the applicable Conversion Shares have not yet been delivered, the Borrower may repay any amount outstanding under this Note at par (including principal and accrued and unpaid interest) (each, an Optional Repayment). In order to repay this Note, the Borrower shall provide notice to the Holder three (3) business days prior to such respective repayment date (an Optional Repayment Notice and the date such notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the Optional Repayment Notice Date and such date of repayment, the Optional Repayment Date), and the Holder must receive such repayment within five (5) business days of the Holders delivery to the Borrower of its written consent to such Optional Repayment in the form and manner as specified in the Optional Repayment Notice (the Consent to Repayment), but not sooner than two (2) business days from the delivery date of the Consent of Repayment (the Optional Repayment Period). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Note, the net amount of any outside investments received by the Borrower after the Issue Date, excluding for the avoidance of doubt any product sales revenue and any costs or expenses of such investments, will be used for repayment of the Note (including principal and accrued and unpaid interest). The Borrower may only effect an Optional Repayment if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met (unless waived in writing by the Holder) on each Trading Day during the period commencing on the Optional Repayment Notice Date through to the Optional Repayment Date and through and including the date payment of the Optional Repayment is actually made in full. If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the Optional Repayment Period, then the Holder may elect to nullify the Optional Repayment Notice by notice to the Borrower within 3 Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met (provided that if, by a provision of the Transaction Documents, the Borrower is obligated to notify the Holder of the non-existence of an Equity Condition, such notice period shall be extended to the third Trading Day after proper notice from the Borrower) in which case the Optional Repayment Notice shall be null and void, ab initio. The Borrower covenants and agrees that it will honor all Holder Conversion Notices tendered from the time of delivery of the Optional Repayment Notice through the date all amounts owing thereon are due and paid in full. The Borrowers determination to pay an Optional Repayment in cash shall be applied ratably to all of 

9

the holders of the then outstanding Notes based on their (or their predecessors) initial purchases of Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. As used herein, Equity Conditions means, during the period in question, (a) the Borrower shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Holder Conversion Notices, if any, (b) the Borrower shall have paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this Note, (c)(i) there is an effective Registration Statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Borrower believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements as determined by the counsel to the Borrower as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the Holder, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Borrower believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Event of Default and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, (g) the issuance of the shares in question to the Holder would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 3.1 herein, (h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction that has not been consummated, and (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates, that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information.

4.10

Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Note is outstanding, (i) the Borrower, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Borrower with or into another Person other than any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of the Borrower, whereby the stockholders of the Borrower immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Borrower or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Borrower or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Borrower, (iv) the Borrower, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Borrower, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Borrower (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Note, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 3.1 on the conversion of this Note), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Borrower, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Note is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction 

10

(without regard to any limitation in Section 3.1 on the conversion of this Note). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Borrower shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Note following such Fundamental Transaction. The Borrower shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Borrower is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Borrower under this Note and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4.10 pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Note which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Note immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Borrower under this Note (so that from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Note and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Borrower shall refer instead to each of the Borrower and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally), and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Borrower, may exercise every right and power of the Borrower prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Borrower prior thereto under this Note and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if the Borrower and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named as the Borrower herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the Holder shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of this Section 4.10 regardless of (i) whether the Borrower has sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock for the issuance of Conversion Shares and/or (ii) whether a Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the Issue Date.

4.11

No Indebtedness. As long as any portion of this Note remains outstanding, unless the holders of at least 50.1% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including, but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom, other than (i) the cost of obtaining and maintaining the insurance policies and (ii) trade payables and accrued expenses, which are incurred in the Borrowers ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

** signature page to follow **

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on the Issue Date.

BORROWER:

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name: Lisa A. Conte

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Jaguar Health, Inc. Convertible Promissory Note]

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF HOLDER CONVERSION NOTICE

[HOLDERS NAME AND ADDRESS]

Jaguar Health, Inc. 

Date:

Attn: Lisa A. Conte, CEO 

200 Pine Street, Suite 400 

San Francisco, CA 94104 

HOLDER CONVERSION NOTICE

The above-captioned Holder hereby gives notice to Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), pursuant to that certain Convertible Promissory Note made by Borrower in favor of Holder on [ ], 2025 (the Note), that Holder elects to convert the portion of the Note balance set forth below into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock of Borrower as of the date of conversion specified below. Said conversion shall be based on the Conversion Price set forth below. In the event of a conflict between this Holder Conversion Notice and the Note, the Note shall govern, or, in the alternative, at the election of Holder in its sole discretion, Holder may provide a new form of Holder Conversion Notice to conform to the Note. Capitalized terms used in this notice without definition shall have the meanings given to them in the Note.

A. 

Date of Conversion:

B. 

Holder Conversion #:

C. 

Conversion Amount:

D. 

Conversion Price:

E. 

Conversion Shares: (C divided by D)

F. 

Remaining Outstanding Balance of Note: *

* Subject to adjustments for corrections, defaults, interest and other adjustments permitted by the Purchase Agreement, the terms of which shall control in the event of any dispute between the terms of this Holder Conversion Notice and the Purchase Agreement.

Please transfer the Conversion Shares electronically (via DWAC) to the following account:

Broker: 

Address: 

DTC#: 

Account #: 

Account Name: 

To the extent the Conversion Shares are not able to be delivered to Holder electronically via the DWAC system, deliver all such certificated shares to Holder via reputable overnight courier after receipt of this Holder Conversion Notice (by facsimile transmission or otherwise) to:

[Jaguar Health, Inc. Exhibit A to Convertible Promissory Note]

Sincerely,

Holder:

[]

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Jaguar Health, Inc. Exhibit A to Convertible Promissory Note]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>jagx-ex4_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

No. [_________]

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

Warrant Shares: ______________

Date of Issuance: [], 2025 (Issuance Date)

This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, the Holder (as defined below)), [] (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares) (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price (as defined below) per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the Issuance Date in connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 26, 2025, by and between the Company and the Holder (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement) and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and the Holder (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Registration Rights Agreement).

Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 15 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price with respect to the Warrant Shares issued hereunder shall, subject to adjustment under Section 2 below, be $[______], and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 6 below).

1.

EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)

Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by delivery to The Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of a notice of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A duly executed (the Exercise Notice)), and by the payment to the Company, by certified cashiers or other check acceptable to the Company or wire transfer, of an amount equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares being purchased. Notwithstanding anything 

1

herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date on which the final Exercise Notice is delivered to the Company. No ink-original Exercise Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice be required.

(b)

Cashless Exercise. Solely in the event that if at any time after the Registration Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Notice if such Exercise Notice is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Notice or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Exercise Notice if such Exercise Notice is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice if the date of such Exercise Notice is a Trading Day and such Exercise Notice is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (the Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders

2

of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market, the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 1(b).

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 1(b).

(c)

Mechanics of Delivery.

(i)

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Exercise Notice and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Exercise Notice (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Exercise Notice. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject 

3

to a Exercise Notice by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Exercise Notice.

(ii)

Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 1(c)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

(iii)

Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(c)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(d)

No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with any exercise hereunder. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company 

4

shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, make a cash payment therefor based upon the fair market value of the Warrant Shares as determined by the Company.

(e)

Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, as defined below. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including without limitation any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph (d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this paragraph applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.

For purposes of this paragraph, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or its transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%][9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. The Company covenants that this Warrant is outstanding, the Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a number of shares, free from preemptive rights, equal to three times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full exercise of the Warrant (based on the Exercise Price in effect at that time).

(f)

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as 

5

may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment of Warrant attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Exercise Notice and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2.

ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF SHARES. Subject to the provisions of Section 6 hereof, the Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2 as follows:

(a) Reclassification. In case of any reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change in par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination or dividend or as otherwise as adjusted under this Section 2), the Company shall execute a new Warrant, providing that the holder of this Warrant shall have the right to exercise such new Warrant, and procure upon such exercise and payment of the same aggregate Exercise Price, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock theretofore issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities, money and property receivable upon such reclassification or change by a holder of an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. Such new Warrant shall provide for adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this Section 2. Except for a Liquidation Event (as defined in Section 6), the provisions of this subsection (a) shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications and changes.

(b) Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2(b) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(c) Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock (i) evidences of its indebtedness, (ii) any security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph), (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) any other asset (in each case, Distributed Property), then, upon any exercise of this Warrant that occurs after the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such distribution, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the Warrant Shares otherwise issuable upon such exercise (if applicable), the Distributed Property that such Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of Warrant Shares had the Holder been the record holder of such Warrant Shares immediately prior to such record date.

(d) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate

6

Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

3.

Restrictions Upon Transfer.

(a)

The Company need not register a transfer of this Warrant unless the conditions specified in the legends on the front page hereof are satisfied and the transferee has agreed in writing to be subject to the terms and conditions of this Warrant, including transferee acknowledging in writing that it meets the investor suitability criteria set forth in this Warrant and Exhibit B attached hereto. Subject to the satisfaction of such conditions, any transfer of this Warrant and all rights hereunder, in whole or in part (but not less than 25% of the Warrant Shares originally exercisable under this Warrant being transferred), shall be registered on the books of the Company to be maintained for such purpose, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company, or the office or agency designated by the Company, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto duly executed by Holder and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall, subject to the conditions set forth in this Section, execute and deliver a new Warrant in the name of the assignee, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be canceled.

(b)

The Company shall prepare, issue and deliver at its own expense (other than transfer taxes) the new Warrant or Warrants under this Section 3.

4.

[reserved].

5.

Rights of Stockholders. No holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, as a Warrant holder, to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value, consolidation, merger, conveyance, or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until the Warrant shall have been exercised and the Warrant Shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein.

6.

EXPIRATION OF WARRANT. This Warrant shall expire and shall no longer be exercisable prior to the first to occur of the following (the Expiration Date):

(a)

after 5:30 p.m., Pacific time, on [], 2030;

(b)

the closing of (i) a merger, reorganization, tender offer or similar transaction involving the Company or its securities with or into another entity in which the holders of voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction will hold less than 50% of the voting securities of the surviving entity immediately following such transaction as a result of shares held prior to such transaction or (ii) a sale or license of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (each, a Fundamental Transaction), provided that, such termination shall be effected by delivery of written notice to the Holder regarding such 

7

termination, and such written notice shall include an option for the Holder to choose, in its sole discretion, to exercise this Warrant in lieu of termination at that time; and

(c)

a Liquidation Event as defined in the Companys Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, provided that, such termination shall be effected by delivery of written notice to the Holder regarding such termination, and such written notice shall include an option for the Holder to choose, in its sole discretion, to exercise this Warrant in lieu of termination at that time.

7.

NON-CIRCUMVENTION. The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock issuable under the Warrant to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

8.

WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

9.

REISSUANCE.

(a)

Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed.

(b)

Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date.

10.

TRANSFER.

(a)

Notice of Transfer. The Holder agrees to give written notice to the Company before transferring this Warrant or transferring any Warrant Shares of such Holders intention to do so, describing briefly the manner of any proposed transfer. Promptly upon receiving such written notice, the Company shall present copies thereof to the Companys counsel. If the proposed transfer may be effected without registration or qualification (under any federal or state securities laws), the Company, as promptly as practicable, shall notify the Holder thereof, whereupon the Holder shall be entitled to transfer this Warrant or to dispose of Warrant Shares received upon the previous exercise of this Warrant, all in accordance with 

8

the terms of the notice delivered by the Holder to the Company; provided, however, that an appropriate legend may be endorsed on this Warrant or the certificates for such Warrant Shares respecting restrictions upon transfer thereof necessary or advisable in the opinion of counsel and satisfactory to the Company to prevent further transfers which would be in violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws; and provided further that the prospective transferee or purchaser shall execute the Assignment of Warrant attached hereto as Exhibit C and such other documents and make such representations, warranties, and agreements as may be required solely to comply with the exemptions relied upon by the Company for the transfer or disposition of the Warrant or Warrant Shares.

(b)

If the proposed transfer or disposition of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares described in the written notice given pursuant to this Section 10 may not be effected without registration or qualification of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares, the Holder will limit its activities in respect to such transfer or disposition as are permitted by law.

(c)

Any transferee of all or a portion of this Warrant shall succeed to the rights and benefits of the initial Holder of this Warrant under the Purchase Agreement (registration rights, expenses, and indemnity).

11.

NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice at least 7 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

12.

AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

13.

Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction). Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit 

9

or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

14.

ACCEPTANCE. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

15.

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)

Common Stock means the Companys voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(b)

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(c)

Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange or marketplace on which the Common Stock is then traded.

(d)

Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market, (ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any business day.

* * * * * * *

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Holder have caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above.

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name: Lisa A. Conte

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT A

PURCHASE/EXERCISE NOTICE

To: JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

(1)

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)

Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 1(b), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 1(b).

(3)

Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: ________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT

PURCHASER : 

COMPANY : JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

SECURITY : COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT

AMOUNT : __________ SHARES

DATE : ____________, 20__

In connection with the purchase of the above referenced shares (the Securities), the undersigned represents to the Company the following:

The undersigned is aware of the Companys business affairs and financial condition, and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. The undersigned is purchasing these Securities for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to, or for the resale in connection with, any distribution thereof for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

The undersigned understands that offer and sale of the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the undersigneds investment intent as expressed herein. In this connection, the undersigned understands that, in the view of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the statutory basis for such exemption may be unavailable if this representation was predicated solely upon a present intention to hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains period specified under tax statutes, for a deferred sale, for or until an increase or decrease in the market price of the Securities, or for a period of one year or any other fixed period in the future.

The undersigned further understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless the offer and sale of the Securities are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from registration is otherwise available. Moreover, the undersigned understands that the Company is under no obligation to register the offer and sale of the Securities. In addition, the undersigned understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities will be imprinted with a legend which prohibits the transfer of the Securities unless the offer and sale of the Securities are registered or such registration is not required in the opinion of counsel for the Company.

The undersigned is familiar with the provisions of Rule 144, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, which, in substance, permits limited public resale of restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly, from the issuer thereof, in a non-public offering subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions.

The Securities may be resold in certain limited circumstances subject to the provisions of Rule 144, which requires, among other things, the existence of a public market for the Securities, the availability of certain current public information about the Company, the resale occurring not less than one year after a party has purchased and paid for the security to be sold, the sales being effected through a broker's transaction or in transactions directly with a market maker and the number of Securities being sold during any three-month period not exceeding specified limitations.

The undersigned further understands that in the event that all of the applicable requirements of Rule 144 are not satisfied, registration under the Securities Act, compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration exemption will be required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 144 is not exclusive, the Staff of the SEC has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement securities other than in a registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rule 144 will have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons and their respective brokers who participate in such transactions do so at their own risk.

The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all of the original Holders representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of the Purchase Agreement, including but not limited to that the undersigned is an Accredited Investor as set forth in the Warrant and is not a Bad Actor as set forth in the Warrant and if the undersigned is not a United States person as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), Holder hereby represents that Holder has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities or any use of the Warrant, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any government or other consents that may need to be obtained in connection with such purchase, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Securities. Holders purchase and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Warrant Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Holders jurisdiction. Holderacknowledges that no representations or warranties, oral or written, have been made by the Company or any agent thereof in connection with Holders exercise of this Warrant.

(Signature)

Date: 

EXHIBIT C

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT

(To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto____________________________ the right to purchase shares of voting common stock of Jaguar Health, Inc., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of Jaguar Health, Inc. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant.

Dated: 

(Signature) *

(Name)

(Address)

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.)

* The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jagx-ex4_3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

No. PA [_________]

PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

Warrant Shares: ______________

Date of Issuance: [], 2025 (Issuance Date)

This PLACEMENT AGENT COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, the Holder (as defined below)), [] (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), up to [] shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares) (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price (as defined below) per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the Issuance Date pursuant to that certain Engagement Agreement, by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, dated as of March 3, 2025 (as amended, the Engagement Letter) and in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreements dated March 26, 2025, by and between the Company and the buyers thereto (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement) and the Registration Rights Agreements, by and between the Company and such buyers (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Registration Rights Agreement).

Capitalized terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant or in Section 15 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price with respect to the Warrant Shares issued hereunder shall, subject to adjustment under Section 2 below, be $[______], and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 6 below).

1.

EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

(a)

Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by delivery to The Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of a notice of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A duly executed (the Exercise Notice)), and by the payment to the 

1

Company, by certified cashiers or other check acceptable to the Company or wire transfer, of an amount equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant Shares being purchased. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as reasonably practicable of the date on which the final Exercise Notice is delivered to the Company. No ink-original Exercise Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice be required.

(b)

Cashless Exercise. Solely in the event that if at any time after the Registration Deadline (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) there is no effective registration statement registering, or the prospectus contained therein is not available for the resale of the Warrant Shares, then this Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Notice if such Exercise Notice is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Exercise Notice or (z) the Bid Price of the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets (Bloomberg) as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Exercise Notice if such Exercise Notice is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day) pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice if the date of such Exercise Notice is a Trading Day and such Exercise Notice is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

Bid Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB Venture Market (the OTCQB) or the OTCQX Best Market (the OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market operated by the OTC Markets, Inc. (the Pink Market) (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price

2

per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTCQB or the OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Market, the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 1(b).

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant to this Section 1(b).

(c)

Mechanics of Delivery.

(i)

Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice by the date that is the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Exercise Notice and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Exercise Notice (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the 

3

Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Exercise Notice. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Exercise Notice by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Exercise Notice.

(ii)

Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 1(c)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

(iii)

Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(c)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (other than any such failure that is solely due to any action or inaction by the Holder with respect to such exercise), and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

(d)

No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with any exercise hereunder. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be 

4

aggregated for purposes of determining whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, make a cash payment therefor based upon the fair market value of the Warrant Shares as determined by the Company.

(e)

Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to issuance of Warrant Shares upon exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together with the Holders affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, as defined below. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including without limitation any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this paragraph (d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this paragraph applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination.

For purposes of this paragraph, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the SEC, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or its transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be [4.99%][9.99%] of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor Holder of this Warrant. The Company covenants that this Warrant is outstanding, the Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a number of shares, free from preemptive rights, equal to three times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full exercise of the Warrant (based on the Exercise Price in effect at that time).

(f)

Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, 

5

and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment of Warrant attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Exercise Notice and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

2.

ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE AND NUMBER OF SHARES. Subject to the provisions of Section 6 hereof, the Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 2 as follows:

(a) Reclassification. In case of any reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change in par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination or dividend or as otherwise as adjusted under this Section 2), the Company shall execute a new Warrant, providing that the holder of this Warrant shall have the right to exercise such new Warrant, and procure upon such exercise and payment of the same aggregate Exercise Price, in lieu of the shares of Common Stock theretofore issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities, money and property receivable upon such reclassification or change by a holder of an equivalent number of shares of Common Stock. Such new Warrant shall provide for adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this Section 2. Except for a Liquidation Event (as defined in Section 6), the provisions of this subsection (a) shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications and changes.

(b) Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2(b) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination.

(c) Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, distributes to all holders of Common Stock (i) evidences of its indebtedness, (ii) any security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by the preceding paragraph), (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, or (iv) any other asset (in each case, Distributed Property), then, upon any exercise of this Warrant that occurs after the record date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such distribution, the Holder shall be entitled to receive, in addition to the Warrant Shares otherwise issuable upon such exercise (if applicable), the Distributed Property that such Holder would have been entitled to receive in respect of such number of Warrant Shares had the Holder been the record holder of such Warrant Shares immediately prior to such record date.

(d) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 2, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this

6

Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

3.

Restrictions Upon Transfer.

(a)

The Company need not register a transfer of this Warrant unless the conditions specified in the legends on the front page hereof are satisfied and the transferee has agreed in writing to be subject to the terms and conditions of this Warrant, including transferee acknowledging in writing that it meets the investor suitability criteria set forth in this Warrant and Exhibit B attached hereto. Subject to the satisfaction of such conditions, any transfer of this Warrant and all rights hereunder, in whole or in part (but not less than 25% of the Warrant Shares originally exercisable under this Warrant being transferred), shall be registered on the books of the Company to be maintained for such purpose, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company, or the office or agency designated by the Company, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto duly executed by Holder and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall, subject to the conditions set forth in this Section, execute and deliver a new Warrant in the name of the assignee, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be canceled.

(b)

The Company shall prepare, issue and deliver at its own expense (other than transfer taxes) the new Warrant or Warrants under this Section 3.

4.

[reserved].

5.

Rights of Stockholders. No holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, as a Warrant holder, to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Common Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance of stock, reclassification of stock, change of par value, consolidation, merger, conveyance, or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until the Warrant shall have been exercised and the Warrant Shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein.

6.

EXPIRATION OF WARRANT. This Warrant shall expire and shall no longer be exercisable prior to the first to occur of the following (the Expiration Date):

(a)

after 5:30 p.m., Pacific time, on [], 2030;

(b)

the closing of (i) a merger, reorganization, tender offer or similar transaction involving the Company or its securities with or into another entity in which the holders of voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction will hold less than 50% of the voting securities of the surviving entity immediately following such transaction as a result of shares held prior to such transaction or (ii) a sale or license of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (each, a Fundamental Transaction), provided that, such 

7

termination shall be effected by delivery of written notice to the Holder regarding such termination, and such written notice shall include an option for the Holder to choose, in its sole discretion, to exercise this Warrant in lieu of termination at that time; and

(c)

a Liquidation Event as defined in the Companys Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Participating Preferred Stock, provided that, such termination shall be effected by delivery of written notice to the Holder regarding such termination, and such written notice shall include an option for the Holder to choose, in its sole discretion, to exercise this Warrant in lieu of termination at that time.

7.

NON-CIRCUMVENTION. The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock issuable under the Warrant to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise).

8.

WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

9.

REISSUANCE.

(a)

Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed.

(b)

Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which is the same as the Issuance Date.

10.

TRANSFER.

(a)

Notice of Transfer. The Holder agrees to give written notice to the Company before transferring this Warrant or transferring any Warrant Shares of such Holders intention to do so, describing briefly the manner of any proposed transfer. Promptly upon receiving such written notice, the Company shall present copies thereof to the Companys counsel. If the proposed transfer may be effected without registration or qualification (under any federal or state securities laws), the Company, as promptly as practicable, shall notify the Holder thereof, whereupon the Holder shall be entitled to transfer this Warrant 

8

or to dispose of Warrant Shares received upon the previous exercise of this Warrant, all in accordance with the terms of the notice delivered by the Holder to the Company; provided, however, that an appropriate legend may be endorsed on this Warrant or the certificates for such Warrant Shares respecting restrictions upon transfer thereof necessary or advisable in the opinion of counsel and satisfactory to the Company to prevent further transfers which would be in violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws; and provided further that the prospective transferee or purchaser shall execute the Assignment of Warrant attached hereto as Exhibit C and such other documents and make such representations, warranties, and agreements as may be required solely to comply with the exemptions relied upon by the Company for the transfer or disposition of the Warrant or Warrant Shares.

(b)

If the proposed transfer or disposition of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares described in the written notice given pursuant to this Section 10 may not be effected without registration or qualification of this Warrant or such Warrant Shares, the Holder will limit its activities in respect to such transfer or disposition as are permitted by law.

(c)

Any transferee of all or a portion of this Warrant shall succeed to the rights and benefits of the initial Holder of this Warrant under the Purchase Agreement (registration rights, expenses, and indemnity).

11.

NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice at least 7 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided to the Holder.

12.

AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.

13.

Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction). Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an 

9

action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

14.

ACCEPTANCE. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained herein.

15.

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a)

Common Stock means the Companys voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(b)

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

(c)

Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange or marketplace on which the Common Stock is then traded.

(d)

Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market, (ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any business day.

* * * * * * *

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Holder have caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above.

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name: Lisa A. Conte

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT A

PURCHASE/EXERCISE NOTICE

To: JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

(1)

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)

Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 1(b), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 1(b).

(3)

Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

_______________________________

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

_______________________________

_______________________________

_______________________________

(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: ______________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: ________________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________

Date: _______________________________________________________________________________

EXHIBIT B

INVESTMENT REPRESENTATION STATEMENT

PURCHASER : 

COMPANY : JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

SECURITY : COMMON STOCK ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT

AMOUNT : __________ SHARES

DATE : ____________, 20__

In connection with the purchase of the above referenced shares (the Securities), the undersigned represents to the Company the following:

The undersigned is aware of the Companys business affairs and financial condition, and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. The undersigned is purchasing these Securities for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to, or for the resale in connection with, any distribution thereof for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).

The undersigned understands that offer and sale of the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the undersigneds investment intent as expressed herein. In this connection, the undersigned understands that, in the view of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the statutory basis for such exemption may be unavailable if this representation was predicated solely upon a present intention to hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains period specified under tax statutes, for a deferred sale, for or until an increase or decrease in the market price of the Securities, or for a period of one year or any other fixed period in the future.

The undersigned further understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless the offer and sale of the Securities are subsequently registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from registration is otherwise available. Moreover, the undersigned understands that the Company is under no obligation to register the offer and sale of the Securities. In addition, the undersigned understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities will be imprinted with a legend which prohibits the transfer of the Securities unless the offer and sale of the Securities are registered or such registration is not required in the opinion of counsel for the Company.

The undersigned is familiar with the provisions of Rule 144, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, which, in substance, permits limited public resale of restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly, from the issuer thereof, in a non-public offering subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions.

The Securities may be resold in certain limited circumstances subject to the provisions of Rule 144, which requires, among other things, the existence of a public market for the Securities, the availability of certain current public information about the Company, the resale occurring not less than one year after a party has purchased and paid for the security to be sold, the sales being effected through a broker's transaction or in transactions directly with a market maker and the number of Securities being sold during any three-month period not exceeding specified limitations.

The undersigned further understands that in the event that all of the applicable requirements of Rule 144 are not satisfied, registration under the Securities Act, compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration exemption will be required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rule 144 is not exclusive, the Staff of the SEC has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement securities other than in a registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rule 144 will have a substantial burden of proof in establishing that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons and their respective brokers who participate in such transactions do so at their own risk.

The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all of the original Holders representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of the Purchase Agreement, including but not limited to that the undersigned is an Accredited Investor as set forth in the Warrant and is not a Bad Actor as set forth in the Warrant and if the undersigned is not a United States person as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)), Holder hereby represents that Holder has satisfied itself as to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe for the Securities or any use of the Warrant, including (i) the legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Securities, (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) any government or other consents that may need to be obtained in connection with such purchase, and (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Securities. Holders purchase and payment for and continued beneficial ownership of the Warrant Shares will not violate any applicable securities or other laws of Holders jurisdiction. Holderacknowledges that no representations or warranties, oral or written, have been made by the Company or any agent thereof in connection with Holders exercise of this Warrant.

(Signature)

Date: 

EXHIBIT C

ASSIGNMENT OF WARRANT

(To be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto____________________________ the right to purchase shares of voting common stock of Jaguar Health, Inc., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints , as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of Jaguar Health, Inc. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant.

Dated: 

(Signature) *

(Name)

(Address)

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.)

* The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>jagx-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 26, 2025, (the Execution Date), is entered into by and between Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Company), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Buyer and collectively, the Buyers).

WHEREAS, the Company and each Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from securities registration afforded by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); and

WHEREAS, each Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (i) a 6% convertible promissory note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof) (the Notes) and (ii) a warrant to acquire shares of voting common stock, par value $0.0001 share, of the Company (the Common Stock), at an exercise price as set forth in that certain Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant Shares), in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Warrants), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Warrants.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.

DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Shares shall mean the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with its terms.

Damages shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and investigation).

Disclosure Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between

1

midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof, unless otherwise instructed as to an earlier time by the Placement Agent.

Effective Date means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, (b) all of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one year anniversary of the Closing Date provided that a holder of the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares is not an Affiliate of the Company or (d) all of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and counsel to the Company has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to such holders.

Escrow Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, with offices at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004.

Escrow Agreement means the escrow agreement entered into prior to the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Escrow Agent pursuant to which the Buyers shall deposit Subscription Amounts with the Escrow Agent to be applied to the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Hazardous Material means and includes any hazardous, toxic or dangerous waste, substance or material, the generation, handling, storage, disposal, treatment or emission of which is subject to any Environmental Law.

Knowledge including the phrase to the Companys Knowledge shall mean the actual knowledge after reasonable investigation of the Companys officers and directors.

Lien means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or any other restriction.

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any effect on the business, operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and/or the Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and/or the Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that prohibits or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company and/or the Subsidiaries to enter into and/or perform its obligations under any Transaction Document and/or a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document.

Person shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

Placement Agent means H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC.

Registration Rights Agreement means that certain registration rights agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C.

2

Securities means, collectively, the Notes, the Warrants, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subscription Amount means, as to each Buyer, the aggregate amount to be paid for Notes and Warrants purchased hereunder as specified below such Buyers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary or Subsidiaries means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Notes, the Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Transfer Agent Instruction Letter and all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto.

Transfer Agent shall mean Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the current transfer agent of the Company, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Transfer Agent Instruction Letter means the letter from the Company to the Transfer Agent which instructs the Transfer Agent to issue the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB Venture Market (OTCQB) or OTCQX Best Market (OTCQX) is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on the Pink Open Market (Pink Market) operated by OTC Markers, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Buyers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

2.

PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES.

3

(a)

Purchase of Securities. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall sell and issue to the Buyers and the Buyers, severally and not jointly, shall purchase from the Company, up to an aggregate of $[_____] in principal amount of the Notes and Warrants, subject to their express terms. 

(b)

Form of Payment. On the Closing Date, each Buyer shall deliver to the Escrow Agent by wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Buyers Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Buyer, in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions against delivery.

(c)

Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions set forth in Section 7 and Section 8 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date) shall be 5:00 P.M., Eastern Standard Time on or about March 27, 2025, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.

3.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYERS. Each Buyer, for itself and for no other Buyer, represents and warrants to the Company that:

(a)

Investment Purpose. As of the Execution Date, such Buyer is purchasing the Securities for its own account for investment only and not with a view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act.

(b)

Reliance on Exemptions. Such Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and such Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of such Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Buyer to acquire the Securities.

(c)

Information. Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have been requested by such Buyer or its advisors. Such Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to such Buyer any material nonpublic information, except for the information described on Schedule 3(c) hereto that such Buyer, prior to receipt of such information, has consented in writing to receipt thereof and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyers right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in Section 4 below. Such Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant degree of risk, including the risk of loss of such Buyers entire investment. Such Buyer is not aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the Companys representations and warranties made herein.

(d)

Governmental Review. Such Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any 

4

recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities.

(e)

[Reserved].

(f)

[Reserved].

(g)

Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of such Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(h)

Accredited Investor Status. Such Buyer is (i) an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act by reason of Rule 501(a)(3) (an Accredited Investor), (ii) experienced in making investments of the kind described in this Agreement and the related documents, (iii) able, by reason of the business and financial experience of its officers (if an entity) and professional advisors (who are not affiliated with or compensated in any way by the Company or any of its affiliates or selling agents), to protect its own interests in connection with the transactions described in this Agreement, and the related documents, and (iv) able to afford the entire loss of its investment in the Securities. Neither such Buyer nor any person or entity with whom such Buyer shares beneficial ownership of any Securities, is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) of Regulation D of the Securities Act.

(i)

Residency. The residency of such Buyer (or, in the case of a partnership or a corporation, such entitys principal place of business) is correctly set forth next to such Buyers name on the signature pages attached hereto.

(j)

Access to Information. Such Buyer acknowledges and agrees that neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate of the Placement Agent has provided such Buyer with any information or advice with respect to the Securities nor is such information or advice necessary or desired. Neither the Placement Agent nor any Affiliate has made or makes any representation as to the Company or the quality of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any Affiliate may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which such Buyer agrees need not be provided to it. In connection with the issuance of the Securities to such Buyer, neither the Placement Agent nor any of its Affiliates has acted as a financial advisor or fiduciary to such Buyer.

4.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company represents and warrants to each Buyer that:

(a)

Organization and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its 

5

properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is not in violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(b)

Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its board of directors (the Board) or stockholders is required. Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(c)

Capitalization. As of the Execution Date, the authorized capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the SEC Documents (as defined below). Except as set forth on Schedule 4(c) or the SEC Documents, the Company has not issued any capital stock other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Companys stock option plans, no shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the terms of any Common Stock Equivalents (other than the Notes and Warrants) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock and sufficient shares are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of the Notes and Warrants (as required by the Notes, Warrants and Transfer Agent Instruction Letter). All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the stockholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, as of the Execution Date, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the Securities Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions 

6

contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities. The Company has filed in its SEC Documents true and correct copies of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the Execution Date (Certificate of Incorporation), the Companys By-laws, as in effect on the Execution Date (the By-laws), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. The Company shall provide the Buyers a certification of this representation signed by the Companys Chief Executive Officer on behalf of the Company as of the Closing Date.

(d)

Issuance of Shares. The Securities are duly authorized and fully reserved for issuance and, upon conversion or exercise of the Securities in accordance with their terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. The Securities shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of stockholders of the Company (except to the extent already waived) and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof, other than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents and under the Securities Act. 

(e)

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Securities) will not (a) result in a violation of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or any lock-up or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), nor is the Company otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency in order for it to issue the Securities or to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA or state securities filings that may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to Closing or any registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and agreements of the Buyers herein. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq), and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by 

7

Nasdaq in the foreseeable future. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, the Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

(f)

SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the Execution Date (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Documents) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents (the Financial Statements) comply as to form and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such Financial Statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments). The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls appropriate for its size. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is not disclosed by the Company in its Financial Statements or otherwise that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Buyers or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information, except for the information described on Schedule 3(c) hereto that such Buyer, prior to receipt of such information, has consented in writing to receipt thereof and agreed in writing with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that the Buyers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

(g)

Absence of Certain Changes. No event has occurred that would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or any Subsidiary that has not been disclosed in subsequent SEC filings. For purposes of this Agreement, neither a decrease in cash or cash equivalents or in the market price of the Common Stock nor losses incurred in the ordinary course of the Companys business shall be deemed or considered as having a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any bankruptcy law nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any knowledge or reason to believe that its creditors intend to initiate 

8

involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. The Company is financially solvent and is generally able to pay its debts as they become due.

(h)

Absence of Litigation. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there are no actions, suits, investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect or would require disclosure under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. No judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the Knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or as set forth on Schedule 4(h) here has not been, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any current or former director or officer of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(i)

Patents, Copyrights, etc. The Company and the Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted (Intellectual Property). None of the Companys, nor any Subsidiarys Intellectual Property rights have expired or terminated, or, by the terms and conditions thereof, could expire or terminate within two years from the Execution Date. The Company does not have any Knowledge of any infringement by the Company and/or any Subsidiary of any material trademark, trade name rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other similar rights of others, or of any such development of similar or identical trade secrets or technical information by others, and there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Companys knowledge, being threatened against, the Company and/or any Subsidiary regarding trademark, trade name, patents, patent rights, invention, copyright, license, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade secret or other infringement, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)

Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal and material state and foreign income and all other material tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None of the Companys tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority.

9

(k)

Certain Transactions. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary, and to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, in each case in excess of the lesser of (i) $120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average of the Companys total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

(l)

Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the placement of the Securities.

(m)

FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Pharmaceutical Product), such Pharmaceutical Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed by the Company or such Subsidiary, as applicable, in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record keeping and filing of reports, except as otherwise disclosed in the SEC Documents or where the failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending, completed or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Pharmaceutical Product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any Pharmaceutical Product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and which, either 

10

individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The properties, business and operations of the Company have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA. The Company has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(n)

Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and that each Buyer (other than any Buyer who is set forth on Schedule 4(n), an Insider Buyer) is neither (i) an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor (ii) an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company further acknowledges that each Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and any advice given by a Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to such Buyers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyers that the Companys decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives.

(o)

No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the Securities Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyers. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyers will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any stockholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

(p)

No Brokers. Except for fees payable by the Company to the Placement Agent and as set forth on Schedule 4(p), the Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(q)

Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits) except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there is no action pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to 

11

possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r)

Environmental Matters. The Company is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws in all respects except where the failure to comply does not have and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of the foregoing: Environmental Laws means, collectively, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, the Clean Air Act, as amended, the Clean Water Act, as amended, any other Superfund or Superlien law or any other applicable federal, state or local statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order or decree regulating, relating to, or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning, the environment or any Hazardous Material.

(s)

Title to Property. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, the Company and each Subsidiary has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by it that is material to the business of the Company and each Subsidiary, in each case free and clear of all Liens and, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any Subsidiary and Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company or any Subsidiary is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company is in compliance with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company or any Subsidiary.

(t)

Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Companys Board, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company is in compliance with all provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, which are applicable to it.

(u)

Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his/her actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

12

(v)

Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company did not receive a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 or the current fiscal year. For the avoidance of doubt any disclosure of the Companys ability to continue as a going concern shall not, by itself, be a violation of this Section 4(v). Schedule 4(v) sets forth as of December 31, 2024 all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary had commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(w)

Insurance. The Company and each Subsidiary is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and each Subsidiary is engaged. Neither the Company, nor any Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for, and the Company has no reason to believe that it or any Subsidiary will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, business or operations of the Company, taken as a whole.

(x)

Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. If the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyers pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 2.3 of the Notes.

(y)

No General Solicitation; Placement Agent. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities. Other than the Placement Agent, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any placement agent or other agent in connection with the sale of the Securities. In the event that a broker-dealer or other agent or advisory is engaged by the Company subsequent to the initial Closing, the Company shall be responsible for the payment of any placement agents fees, financial advisory fees, or brokers commissions (other than for persons engaged by any Buyer or its investment 

13

advisor) relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby in connection with the sale of the Securities. The Company shall pay, and hold the Buyers harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim.

(z)

No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or Circumstances. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 4(z) hereto, the Company and its Subsidiaries have no liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent, unasserted or otherwise and whether due or to become due) other than those liabilities or obligations that are disclosed in the Financial Statements or which do not exceed, individually in excess of $50,000 and in the aggregate in excess of $200,000. The reserves, if any, established by the Company or the lack of reserves, if applicable, are reasonable based upon facts and circumstances known by the Company on the Execution Date and there are no loss contingencies that are required to be accrued by the Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board which are not provided for in the Financial Statements.

(aa)

Management. During the past five-year period, no current or former officer or director or, to the Knowledge of the Company, stockholder of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been the subject of any matter that would require disclosure under Paragraph (f) of Rule 401 of Regulation S-K that has not been publicly disclosed.

(bb)

Assets; Title. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents or on Schedule 4(bb), each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has good and valid title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, as applicable, all of its properties and assets, free and clear of all Liens except (i) any Lien for taxes not yet due or delinquent or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, (ii) any statutory Lien arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of law with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent, (iii) any Lien created by operation of law, such as materialmens liens, mechanics liens and other similar liens, arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to a liability that is not yet due or delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (iv) such as have been disposed of in the ordinary course of business. To the Companys Knowledge, all tangible personal property owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries has been maintained in good operating condition and repair, except (x) for ordinary wear and tear, and (y) where such failure would not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys Knowledge, all assets leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are in the condition required by the terms of the lease applicable thereto during the term of such lease and upon the expiration thereof. To the Companys Knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(cc)

Subsidiary Rights. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4(cc), the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has the unrestricted right to vote, and (subject to limitations imposed by applicable law) to receive dividends and distributions on, all equity securities of its Subsidiaries as owned by the Company or such Subsidiary.

14

(dd)

Investment Company Status. The Company is not, and upon consummation of the sale of the Securities will not be, an investment company, a company controlled by an investment company or an affiliated person of, or promoter or principal underwriter for, an investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(ee)

Illegal or Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions. Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (a) as a kickback or bribe to any Person or (b) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ff)

Transfer Taxes. On the Closing Date, all stock transfer or other taxes (other than income or similar taxes) which are required to be paid in connection with the sale and transfer of the Securities to be sold to the Buyers hereunder will be, or will have been, fully paid or provided for by the Company, and all laws imposing such taxes will be or will have been complied with.

(gg)

Books and Records. To the Companys Knowledge, the books of account, ledgers, order books, records and documents of the Company and its Subsidiaries accurately and completely reflect all information relating to the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, the nature, acquisition, maintenance, location and collection of each of their respective assets, and the nature of all transactions giving rise to material obligations or accounts receivable of the Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, except where the failure to so reflect such information would not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Companys Knowledge, the minute books of the Company and its Subsidiaries contain accurate records in all material respects of all meetings and accurately reflect all other actions taken by the stockholders, boards of directors and all committees of the boards of directors, and other governing Persons of the Company and its Subsidiaries, respectively.

(hh)

Money Laundering. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with, and have not previously violated, the USA PATRIOT ACT of 2001 and all other applicable U.S. and non-U.S. anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws, regulations and Executive Orders and sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, including, but not limited, to (i) Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 entitled, Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)); and (ii) any regulations contained in 31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V.

(ii)

Acknowledgement Regarding Buyers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Section 5(m) hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company (a) (i) that each Buyer has not been asked by the Company or its Subsidiaries to agree, nor has any Buyer agreed with the Company or its Subsidiaries, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) past or future open market or other transactions 

15

by any Buyer, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Buyer, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to which any such Buyer is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short position in the Common Stock and (iv) that each Buyer shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter party in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that the Buyers may engage in hedging and/or trading activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding and (b) such hedging and/or trading activities, if any, can reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interest in the Company both at and after the time the hedging and/or trading activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging and/or trading activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(jj)

Shell Company Status. The Company is not currently an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) under the Securities Act, is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable during the preceding 12 months, and, as of a date at least one year prior to the Execution Date, has filed current Form 10 information with the SEC (as defined in Rule 144(i)(3) of the Securities Act) reflecting its status as an entity that is no longer an issuer described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) of the Securities Act.

(kk)

No Disqualification Events. With respect to Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities Act (Regulation D Securities), none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to any of the bad actor disqualifying events described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i)-(viii) under the Securities Act (each, a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Buyers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

(ll)

Other Covered Persons. Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any Person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of buyers or potential purchasers in connection with the sale of any Regulation D Securities.

(mm)

Absence of Schedules. In the event that at Closing, the Company does not deliver any disclosure schedule contemplated by this Agreement, the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that each such undelivered disclosure schedule shall be deemed to read as follows: Nothing to Disclose.

(nn)

Cybersecurity. (i)(x) To the Companys Knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys or any Subsidiarys information 

16

technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company and the Subsidiaries have not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries are presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company and the Subsidiaries have implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(oo)

Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. (i) The Company and the Subsidiaries are, and at all times during the last three (3) years were, in compliance with all applicable state, federal and foreign data privacy and security laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, Privacy Laws); (ii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place, comply with, and take appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling and analysis of Personal Data (as defined below) (the Policies); (iii) the Company provides accurate notice of its applicable Policies to its customers, employees, third party vendors and representatives as required by the Privacy Laws; and (iv) applicable Policies provide accurate and sufficient notice of the Companys then-current privacy practices relating to its subject matter, and do not contain any material omissions of the Companys then-current privacy practices, as required by Privacy Laws. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, email address, photograph, social security number, bank information, or customer or account number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; and (iv) any other piece of information that allows the identification of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any identifiable data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. (i) None of such disclosures made or contained in any of the Policies have been inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive in violation of any Privacy Laws and (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents will not result in a breach of any Privacy Laws or Policies. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries (i) to the knowledge of the Company, has received written notice of any actual or potential liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries under, or actual or potential violation by the Company or the Subsidiaries of, any of the Privacy Laws; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation or other corrective action pursuant to any regulatory request or demand pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement by or with any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority that imposed any obligation or liability under any Privacy Law.

17

(pp)

Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Buyers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Buyers as contemplated hereby. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market.

5.

COVENANTS.

(a)

Best Efforts. The parties shall use their commercially reasonable best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement.

(b)

Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Notes for working capital and other general corporate purposes and shall not, directly or indirectly, use such proceeds for any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with its currently existing direct or indirect Subsidiaries).

(c)

[Reserved].

(d)

Listing. The Company shall work in good faith to secure the listing of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and, so long as a Buyer owns any of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares from time to time issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrant. The Company will obtain and, so long as a Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on Nasdaq, any equivalent replacement exchange, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the NYSE American or the OTCQB or OTCQX market places of the OTC Markets and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and such exchanges, as applicable.

(e)

Corporate Existence. So long as a Buyer beneficially owns the Notes, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction assumes the Companys obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith.

(f)

No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the Securities Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.

(g)

Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. So long as a Buyer beneficially owns the Notes and/or the Warrants, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

18

(h)

Breach of Covenants. If the Company materially breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 5, such breach continues uncured for a period of at least five (5) Business Days and such breach would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, then in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyers pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an event of default under Section 2.2 of the Notes.

(i)

Reservation of Shares. The Company covenants that while the Notes and the Warrants remain outstanding, the Company will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares. 

(j)

Indemnification of Buyers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 5(j), the Company will indemnify and hold each Buyer and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Buyer (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Buyer Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Buyer Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Buyer Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Buyer Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Buyer Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Buyer Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Buyer Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Buyer Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct. If any action shall be brought against any Buyer Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Buyer Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and, the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Buyer Party. Any Buyer Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Buyer Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Buyer Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Buyer Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Buyer Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Buyer Partys breach of any of the representations made by a Buyer Party in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 5(j) 

19

shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Buyer Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

(k)

Furnishing of Information; Public Information. 

(i)

Until the earlier of the time that (i) no Buyer owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have expired, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

(ii)

At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to such Buyers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Buyer, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount of such Buyers Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Buyers to transfer the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Buyer shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 5(k)(ii) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information FailurePayments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information FailurePayments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information FailurePayments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information FailurePayments in a timely manner, such Public Information FailurePayments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Buyers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Buyer shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

(l)

Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, (b) by the date set forth on Schedule 5(l), issue a press release and file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, each disclosing the information described on Schedule 3(c) hereto and (c) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release(s) in clauses (a) and (b) in the preceding sentence, the Company represents to the Buyers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Buyers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In 

20

addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release(s) in clauses (a) and (b) above, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, Affiliates or agents, on the one hand, and any of the Buyers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company understands and confirms that each Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. The Company and each Buyer shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Buyer shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Buyer, or without the prior consent of each Buyer, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Buyer, or include the name of any Buyer in any filing with the SEC or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Buyer, except (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the SEC and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Buyers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with such Buyer regarding such disclosure.

(m)

Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Buyer, severally and not jointly with the other Buyers, covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly announced pursuant to the press release(s) as described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 5(l). Each Buyer, severally and not jointly with the other Buyers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the press release(s) as described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 5(l), such Buyer will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Buyer makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the information described on Schedule 3(c) are first publicly announced pursuant to the press release(s) as described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 5(l), (ii) no Buyer shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the information described on Schedule 3(c) are first publicly announced pursuant to the press release(s) as described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 5(l) and (iii) no Buyer shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agent, including, without limitation, 

21

the Placement Agent, after the issuance of the press release(s) as described in clauses (a) and (b) of the first sentence of Section 5(l). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Buyer that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Buyers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Buyers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

(n)

Variable Rate Transactions. From the date hereof until one (1) year after the Effective Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or an at-the-market offering, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently canceled; provided, however, that, after thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the entry into and/or issuance of shares of Common Stock in an at the market offering with the Placement Agent as sales agent shall not be deemed a Variable Rate Transaction. Any Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(o)

Non-Public Information. Except with respect to (a) the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and (b) the information described on Schedule 3(c) hereto, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 5(l), the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Buyer or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, and the Company acknowledges and agrees that such Buyers agreement in writing with the Company to keep the information described on Schedule 3(c) hereto confidential shall terminate and no longer be effective upon the disclosure pursuant to clause (b) of the first sentence of Section 5(l). The Company understands and confirms that each Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates delivers any material, non-public information to a Buyer without such Buyers consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries 

22

or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents, including, without limitation, the Placement Agent, not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.

(p)

Conversion and Exercise Procedures. Each of the form of Exercise Notice included in the Warrants and the form of Holder Conversion Notice included in the Notesset forth the totality of the procedures required of the Buyers in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the Notes. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Exercise Notice or Holder Conversion Notice shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Exercise Notice or Holder Conversion Notice form be required in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the Notes. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Buyers to exercise their Warrants or convert their Notes. The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and conversions of the Notes and shall deliver Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

(q)

Transfer or Re-sale. The parties agree that (i) the sale or re-sale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (b) such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, (c) the Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Rule 144)) of such Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with this Section 5(q) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (or a successor rule) (Regulation S), and such Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said rule and further, if said rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

23

(r)

Legends. The parties agree that the Notes and Warrants and, until such time as the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares have been registered under the Securities Act may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities):

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE OR CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, (b) following any sale of such Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or (c) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the SEC). The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent or the Buyers if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Buyer, respectively. Each Buyer, severally and not jointly with the other Buyers, agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 5(r), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Buyer to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend Removal Date), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Buyer a certificate representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 5(r). Certificates for Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Buyer by

24

crediting the account of the Buyers prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Buyer. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive legend.

In addition to such Buyers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Buyer, in cash, (i) as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer Agent), as applicable, delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to Section 5(r), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five (5) Trading Days after the Legend Removal Date) for each Trading Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered without a legend and (ii) if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be delivered) to a Buyer by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by such Buyer that is free from all restrictive and other legends and (b) if after the Legend Removal Date such Buyer purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Buyer of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Buyer anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such Buyers total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price) over the product of (A) such number of Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, that the Company was required to deliver to such Buyer by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Buyer to the Company of the applicable Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under this paragraph.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Buyer may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Buyer may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Buyers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders (as identified in the Registration Statement) thereunder.

In connection with any transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Buyer or in

25

connection with a pledge as contemplated in the preceding paragraph, the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of a Buyer under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

6.

Transfer Agent Instructions. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares under the Securities Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 5(l) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no stop transfer instructions will be given by the Company to its Transfer Agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Notes and Warrants; (ii) it will not direct its Transfer Agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its Transfer Agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares to be issued to a Buyer upon conversion or exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Notes or the Warrants (as applicable), as and when required by the Notes or the Warrants (as applicable) and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or direct its Transfer Agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its Transfer Agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares as contemplated by the terms of this Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyers, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyers shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

7.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE COMPANYS OBLIGATIONS TO SELL. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Notes and Warrants to the Buyers at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion:

(a)

Each Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

(b)

Each Buyer shall have executed the Registration Rights Agreement and delivered the same to the Company.

(c)

Each Buyer shall have delivered its Subscription Amount in accordance with Section 2(b) above.

(d)

The representations and warranties of the Buyers shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyers shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, 

26

agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyers at or prior to the Closing Date.

8.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE BUYERS OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The obligations of the Buyers hereunder to purchase the Notes and Warrants at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by any Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

(a)

The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to each Buyer.

(b)

The Company shall have delivered to each Buyer a duly executed Notes with a principal amount equal to such Buyers Subscription Amount, registered in the name of such Buyer.

(c)

The Company shall have delivered to each Buyer a duly executed Warrant registered in the name of such Buyer to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of such Buyers Conversion Shares on the Closing Date, with an exercise price equal to $[_____], subject to adjustment therein.

(d)

On the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered a legal opinion of counsel to the Company, directed to the Placement Agent and the Buyers, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and the Buyers.

(e)

The Company shall have delivered to each Buyer the duly executed Registration Rights Agreement.

(f)

The Company shall have delivered the duly executed Transfer Agent Instruction Letter.

(g)

The Company shall have delivered a copy of its Boards resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, certified by an officer of the Company.

(h)

No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(i)

No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change in the Exchange Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its Exchange Act reporting obligations.

(j)

The Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares shall have been authorized for trading and quotation on Nasdaq and trading in the Common Stock on Nasdaq shall not have been suspended by the SEC or Nasdaq.

(k)

The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, 

27

agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyers shall have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyers, in the form set forth as Exhibit F.

Payment by each Buyer of their Subscription Amount shall evidence satisfaction of the foregoing conditions of this Section 8.

9.

TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated by any Buyer, as to such Buyers obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Buyers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof, provided, however, that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

10.

GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)

Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction). Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

(b)

Counterparts; Signatures by Electronic Mail. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by electronic mail transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

(c)

Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

28

(d)

Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

(e)

Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyers based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder.

(f)

Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or e-mail as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail at the address designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.

If to the Company, to:

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

200 Pine Street, Suite 400

San Francisco, California 94104

Attention: Lisa A. Conte, CEO

E-mail: lconte@jaguar.health

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Reed Smith LLP

1841 Page Mill Road, Suite 110

Palo Alto, CA 94304

E-mail: DReinke@reedsmith.com

Attention: Donald Reinke, Esq.

If to the Buyers, to such Buyers mailing address or email address set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

29

Either party hereto may from time to time change its address or e-mail for notices under this Section 10(f) by giving at least three (3) business days prior written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.

(g)

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Buyer (other than by merger). Any Buyer may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Buyer assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Buyers.

(h)

Third Party Beneficiaries. The Placement Agent shall be the third-party beneficiary of the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company in this Agreement and the representations, warranties, and covenants of the Buyers in this Agreement. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 5(j) and this Section 10(h).

(i)

Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the Closing hereunder. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyers and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

(j)

Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(k)

No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

(l)

Remedies.

(i)

The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyers by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that such Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

30

(ii)

In addition to any other remedy provided herein or in any document executed in connection herewith, the non-prevailing party shall pay the prevailing party for all costs, fees and expenses in connection with any arbitration, litigation, contest, dispute, suit or any other action to enforce any rights of a Buyer against the Company in connection herewith, including, but not limited to, costs and expenses and attorneys fees, and costs and time charges of counsel to such Buyer. Further, the non-prevailing party agrees to save and hold the prevailing party harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying or omission to pay such costs and expenses.

(m)

Publicity. The Company, and the Buyers shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Nasdaq (or other applicable trading market), or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyers, to make any press release or SEC, Nasdaq (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although the Buyers shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with a copy thereof).

(n)

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

** signature page follows **

31

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Buyers and the Company have caused their respective signature pages to this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.

COMPANY:

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

By: ________________________________

Name: Lisa A. Conte

Title: President and CEO

[Jaguar Health, Inc. Securities Purchase Agreement]

[BUYER SIGNATURE PAGES TO JAGX SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Name of Buyer: ________________________________________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Buyer: __________________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________

Email Address of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________

Address for Notice to Buyer:

Address for Delivery of Securities to Buyer (if not same as address for notice):

Residency of Buyer (for entity, please provide the principal place of business):

Subscription Amount: $_____________

Warrant Shares: _________________ Beneficial Ownership Blocker 4.99% or 9.99%

EIN Number: _______________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

SCHEDULES

Schedule # 

Description/Disclosure

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Convertible Promissory Note

Exhibit B Form of Warrant

Exhibit C Form of Registration Rights Agreement

Exhibit D Form of Transfer Agent Instruction Letter

Exhibit E Form of Board Consent

Exhibit F Form of Officers Certificate
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>jagx-ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of March 26, 2025 (the Execution Date), is entered into by and between JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.,a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the persons/entities set forth under the heading Buyer on the signature page hereto (together with its permitted assigns, each a Buyer, and together the Buyers). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated as of the Execution Date (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Purchase Agreement).

WHEREAS, the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Buyers a 6% convertible promissory note of the Company in the aggregate principal amount of US$[3,448,009] (the Note) and a Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant) to acquire shares of the Companys voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Warrant (the Warrant Shares) to induce the Buyers to enter into the Purchase Agreement, and in connection therewith, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws.

NOW, THEREFORE,in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:

1.

DEFINITIONS.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

a.

Investor means a Buyer, any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement, and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement.

b.

Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

c.

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration 

Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

d.

Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements and/or prospectus supplements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis (Rule 415), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).

e.

Registrable Securities means, as of any date of determination, all of (i) the Warrant Shares which have been, or which may, from time to time be issued, including without limitation any and all shares of capital stock issued or issuable under the Warrant (assuming on such date the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (ii) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note in accordance with its terms (the Conversion Shares) which have been, or which may, from time to time be issued, including without limitation any and all shares of capital stock issued or issuable under the Note (assuming on such date the Notes are converted in full without regard to any conversion limitations therein), (iii) shares of Common Stock issued to the Investors as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise, and (iv) any additional shares of Common Stock issued and issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Notes or the Warrants (in each case, without giving effect to any limitations on conversion set forth in the Notes or limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants); provided,however, that any such Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another, Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) for so long as (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities have been disposed of by an Investor in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (b) such Registrable Securities have been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, or (c) such securities become eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144 as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed, delivered and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Investors (assuming that such securities and any securities issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of which, or as a dividend upon which, such securities were issued or are issuable, were at no time held by any Affiliate of the Company), as reasonably determined by the Company, upon the advice of counsel to the Company.

f.

Registration Statement means (i) one or more registration statements on Form S-3 or Form S-1 of the Company or (ii) one or more prospectus supplements to an effective registration statement on Form S-3, which such prospectus supplements 

are eligible to register the Registrable Securities under the Securities Act, each covering only the sale of the Registrable Securities.

2.

REGISTRATION.

a.

Mandatory Registration. The Company shall file with the SEC, no later than April 15, 2025 (the Filing Date), an initial Registration Statement covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities as shall be permitted to be included thereon (in such amounts as to the specific Registrable Securities included therein as identified by such Investor and its legal counsel) in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the sale and/or resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investors, including but not limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices), as mutually determined by both the Company and the Investors in consultation with their respective legal counsel (the Initial Registration Statement). The Initial Registration Statement shall register only the Registrable Securities. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement and any amendment thereto declared effective by the date that is three (3) days after the Company receives notification (orally or in writing) from the SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review by the SEC (the Registration Deadline). If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed on or prior to its Filing Date (if the Company files the Initial Registration Statement without affording the Investors the opportunity to review and comment on the same as required by Section 3(b) herein or the Company subsequently withdraws the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company shall be deemed to have not satisfied this clause (i) as of the Filing Date), or (ii) the Company fails to file with the SEC a request for acceleration of a Registration Statement in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, within five Trading Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that such Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review, or (iii) prior to the effective date of a Registration Statement, the Company fails to file a pre-effective amendment and otherwise respond in writing to comments made by the SEC in respect of such Registration Statement within ten (10) calendar days after the receipt of comments by or notice from the SEC that such amendment is required in order for such Registration Statement to be declared effective, or (iv) a Registration Statement registering for resale all of the Registrable Securities is not declared effective by the SEC by the Registration Deadline of the Initial Registration Statement (provided that, if the Registration Statement does not allow for the resale of Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices (i.e., only allows for fixed price sales), the Company shall have been deemed to have not satisfied this clause) or (v) after the effective date of a Registration Statement, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, or the Investors are otherwise not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell such Registrable Securities, for more than ten (10) consecutive calendar days or more than an aggregate of fifteen (15) calendar days (which need not be consecutive calendar days) during 

any 12-month period (any such failure or breach being referred to as an Event, and for purposes of clauses (i) and (iv), the date on which such Event occurs, and for purpose of clause (ii) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (iii) the date which such ten (10) calendar day period is exceeded, and for purpose of clause (v) the date on which such ten (10) or fifteen (15) calendar day period, as applicable, is exceeded being referred to as Event Date), then, in addition to any other rights the Investors may have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Investor an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 2.0% multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount paid by such Investor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any partial liquidated damages pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 18% per annum (or such lesser maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to such Investor, accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The partial liquidated damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event.

b.

Rule 424 Prospectus. In addition to the Initial Registration Statement, the Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations, from time to time file with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, such prospectuses and prospectus supplements, to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under each Registration Statement. Each Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such prospectuses prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all such comments. Each Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon any prospectus within two (2) business days from the date such Investor receives the final pre-filing version of such prospectus.

c.

Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of shares available under the Initial Registration Statement is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2(f) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) business days after the necessity therefor arises, subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, and subject to the provisions of Section 2(a) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing thereof. 

d.

Piggyback Registration. In the event that any of the Registrable Securities have not been included in the Initial Registration Statement or a New Registration Statement, and the Company initially files any other registration statement under the Securities 

Act (other than on Form S-4, Form S-8, or with respect to other employee related plans or rights offerings) (an Other Registration Statement) after April 15, 2025, then the Company shall include in such Other Registration Statement such Registrable Securities that have not been previously Registered (subject to reduction in the amount of the number of such Registrable Securities as may be required by law or by any applicable underwriters or placement agents or similar requirements pro rata based upon the number of shares to be registered).

e.

Effectiveness. Each Investor and its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon any Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. Each Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion therein. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep all Registration Statements effective, including but not limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which the Investors may sell all of the Registrable Securities without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act without any restrictions (including any restrictions under Rule 144(c) or Rule 144(i)) and (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby (the Registration Period). Each Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

f.

Offering. If the staff of the SEC (the Staff) or the SEC seeks to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that does not permit such Registration Statement to become or remain effective and be used for resales by the Investors under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices) by comment letter or otherwise, or if after the filing of the Initial Registration Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then the Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in such Initial Registration Statement (with the prior consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, of each Investor and its legal counsel as to the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any reduction in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall file one or more New Registration Statements in accordance with Section 2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investors. Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Purchase Agreement to 

the contrary, the Companys obligations to register Registrable Securities (and any related conditions to the Investors obligations) shall be qualified as necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff as addressed in this Section 2(f), and subject to the provisions of Section 2(a) with respect to the payment of liquidated damages.

3.

RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

With respect to a Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to Section 2, including on any Other Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations:

a.

The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments on Form S-3 or S-1) and supplements to any registration statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such registration statement.

b.

The Company shall permit each Investor to review and comment upon each Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) business days prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which an Investor reasonably objects. Each Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) business days from the date such Investor receives the final version thereof. The Company shall furnish to each Investor, without charge, and within one (1) business day, any comments and/or any other correspondence from the SEC or the Staff to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement. The Company shall respond to the SEC or the Staff, as applicable, regarding the resolution of any such comments and/or correspondence as promptly as practicable and in any event within two weeks upon receipt thereof.

c.

Upon request of an Investor, the Company shall furnish to such Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the 

prospectus included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as such Investor may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, any filing available to an Investor via the SECs live EDGAR system shall be deemed furnished to such Investor hereunder.

d.

The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain the registration of its Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Act. If at any time, the Companys common stock shall no longer remain registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Act, and the Company has or is required to file a Registration Statement hereunder, the Company shall provide contemporaneously with (and in no case before) the filing of a Form 25 with the SEC, notice to the Investors. In such case, the Company shall (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of the state of each Investors residence (or, in the case of a partnership or a corporation, such Investors principal place of business) and such other jurisdictions in the United States as such Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any such registrations and qualifications (including all Registration Statements) as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify any Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

e.

As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify each Investor in writing of the happening of any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus included in any registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such registration statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy of such supplement or amendment to each Investor (or such other number of 

copies as such Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify each Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to such Investor by email or facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate.

f.

The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify each Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose. In addition if the Company shall receive any comment letter from the SEC relating to any registration statement under which Registrable Securities are Registered, Company shall notify each Investor of the issuance of such order and use its reasonable best efforts to address such comments in a manner satisfactory to the SEC.

g.

The Company shall cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such exchange. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.

h.

The Company shall cooperate with each Investor to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of DWAC Shares representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to any registration statement. DWAC Shares means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to such Investors or its designees specified DWAC account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) under the DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC performing substantially the same function.

i.

The Company shall at all times maintain the services of its Transfer Agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock.

j.

If reasonably requested by an Investor, the Company shall (i) immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment such information as such Investor believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the 

Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement.

k.

The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

l.

Within one (1) business day after any registration statement which includes Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, or any prospectus supplement including Registrable Securities is filed with the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the Transfer Agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to each Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Thereafter, if requested by an Investor at any time, the Company shall require its counsel to deliver to such Investor a written confirmation whether or not (i) the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order), (ii) any comment letter has been issued by the SEC and (iii) whether or not the registration statement is current and available to such Investor for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.

m.

The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investors of Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement.

n.

If during the Registration Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock then registered in a Registration Statement or Other Registration Statement, then the Company shall file as soon as reasonably practicable, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale by the Investors of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

4.

OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

a.

The Company shall notify each Investor in writing of the information the Company reasonably requires from such Investor in connection with any registration statement hereunder. Such Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Registration Statement shall contain the Plan of Distribution and, if applicable the Selling Stockholder section, each in substantially the form provided to the Company by the Investors. 

b.

Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until withdrawal of a stop order contemplated by Section 3(f) or such Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(e). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its Transfer Agent to promptly issue DWAC Shares in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to such Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and for which such Investor has not yet settled.

5.

EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company.

6.

INDEMNIFICATION.

a.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor, each Person, if any, who controls or is under common control with such Investor, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of such Investor and each Person, if any, who is an affiliate of such Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, (collectively, Claims) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an Indemnified Person is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement, any Other Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (Blue Sky Filing), or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the 

Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or any Other Registration Statement, (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about such Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of a Registration Statement, any Other Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of such Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

b.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Investor will, and hereby does, severally and not jointly, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Company, each Person, if any, who controls or is under common control with the Company, the directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives of the Company, and each Person, if any, who is an affiliate of the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any Claims and Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or 

threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information about such Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with the preparation of a Registration Statement, any Other Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e). Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any of the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

c.

Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Company under this Section 6, deliver to the Company a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the Company shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the Company so desires, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel selected by the Company which is reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the Company, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person and the Company would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the Company and shall furnish to the Company all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Person which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action, Claim or proceeding effectuated without its written consent, provided, however, that the Company shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. The Company shall not, without the consent of the Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such Claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the Company shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the Company within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve the Company of any liability to the Indemnified Person under this Section 6, except to the extent that the Company is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

d.

The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

e.

The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Person, and (ii) any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7.

CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification is prohibited or limited by law, the parties agree to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8.

REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.

With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit an Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration (Rule 144), the Company agrees, at the Companys sole expense, to:

a.

make and keep current public information available, as such term is understood and defined in Rule 144;

b.

file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act;

c.

furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit such Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration; and

d.

take such additional action as is requested by such Investor to enable such Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Companys Transfer Agent as may be requested from time to time by such Investor at the Companys expense and otherwise fully cooperate with such Investor and such Investors broker to effect such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.

The Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that each Investor shall, whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent

injunctions, without having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened breach of any such terms or provisions.

9.

ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Buyer, or any Investor as assignee pursuant to this Section 9. Each Investor may assign their respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted under Section 10(g) of the Purchase Agreement.

10.

AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company and the holders of 50.1% or more of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this includes any Registrable Securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of any Security), provided that, if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts an Investor (or group of Investors), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Investor (or group of Investors) shall be required. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities to be registered for each Investor shall be reduced pro rata among all Investors and each Investor shall have the right to designate which of its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of an Investor or some Investors and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given only by such Investor or Investors of all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 10. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

11.

SUSPENSION OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

a.

Suspension Notices.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Company shall at any time furnish to each Investor a certificate signed by any of its authorized officers (a Suspension Notice) stating that:

(A) the Company has pending or in process a material transaction, the disclosure of which would, in the good faith judgment of the Companys Board of Directors, after consultation with its outside counsel, materially and adversely affect the Company or the prospects for consummation of such material transaction; or

(B) the Companys Board of Directors has made the good faith determination after consultation with counsel that (x) use or continued use of any proposed or effective Registration Statement for purposes of effecting offers or sales of Registrable Securities pursuant thereto would require, under the Securities Act, premature disclosure in such Registration Statement (or the prospectus relating thereto) of material, non-public information, (y) such premature disclosure would not be in the best interest of the Company and (z) it is therefore necessary to defer the filing or to suspend the use of such Registration Statement (and the prospectus relating thereto) for purposes of effecting offers or sales of Registrable Securities pursuant thereto,

the right of such Investor to use any Registration Statement (and the prospectus relating thereto) for purposes of effecting offers or sales of Registrable Securities pursuant thereto shall be suspended for a period or periods (a Black Out Period) of not more than sixty (60) days in the aggregate in any 360 consecutive-day period, subject to the payment of partial liquidated damages otherwise required pursuant to Section 2(a). Such Investor agrees to keep confidential and not disclose the existence and contents of a Suspension Notice.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11(a), the Company shall not impose any Black Out Period in a manner that is more restrictive (including, without limitation, as to duration) than the comparable restrictions that the Company may impose on transfers of the Companys equity securities by its directors and senior executive officers.

(iii) During any Black Out Period, an Investor shall offer or sell any Registrable Securities pursuant to or in reliance upon any Registration Statement (or the prospectus relating thereto) filed by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the public announcement of such material, nonpublic information is made during a Black Out Period, then the Black Out Period shall terminate two business days after such announcement without any further action of the parties and the Company shall immediately notify each Investor of such termination.

12.

MISCELLANEOUS.

a.

A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

b.

Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by email (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received, or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received)); or (iii) one (1) business day after timely deposit with a nationally recognized overnight 

delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company:

Jaguar Health, Inc.

200 Pine Street, Suite 400

San Francisco, California 94104

E-mail: lconte@jaguar.health

Attention: Lisa A. Conte, CEO

With a copy (that shall not constitute notice) to:

Reed Smith LLP

1841 Page Mill Road, Suite 110

Palo Alto, CA 94304

E-mail: DReinke@reedsmith.com

Attention: Donald Reinke, Esq.

If to an Investor, such Investors mailing address or email address set forth on the signature pages attached to the Securities Purchase Agreement

or at such other address and/or email address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party three (3) business days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders email account containing the time, date, recipient email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by email or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

c.

The corporate laws of the State of New York shall govern all issues concerning this Agreement. All other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York.

d.

If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 

e.

This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth 

or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

f.

Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties hereto.

g.

The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

h.

This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission or by e-mail in a .pdf format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

i.

Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

j.

The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

k.

This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

l.

No Piggyback on Registrations. Except for the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued to the Placement Agent in the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, neither the Company nor any of its security holders (other than the Investors in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than the Registrable Securities. 

* * * * * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Execution Date.

THE COMPANY:

JAGUAR HEALTH, INC.

By: 

Name: Lisa A. Conte

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[Jaguar Health, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement]

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF Buyers TO Jagx RRA]

Name of Buyerr: __________________________

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Buyer: __________________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]

[Jaguar Health, Inc. Registration Rights Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS

OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

______, 2025

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC

[Address of Transfer Agent]

Re: EFFECTIVENESS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We are counsel to Jaguar Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of [], 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), entered into by and between the Company and [] (the Buyer) to sell to the Buyer a 6% convertible promissory note of the Company in the aggregate principal amount of US$[] (the Note) and a Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant) to acquire up to [] shares of the Companys voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Warrant.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement with the Buyer (the Registration Rights Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed, among other things, to register the Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on [ ], 2025, the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[ ]) (the Registration Statement) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the resale of [________] shares of Common Stock issued and/or to be issuable under the Purchase Agreement (the Registered Shares), [and on [ ], 2025, the Company filed a prospectus supplement to the Registration Statement relating to the resale of the Registered Shares].

In connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered an order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [ ] [A.M./P.M.] on [ ], 2025 and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SECs staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC, and the Registered Shares are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend.

Very truly yours,

[Company Counsel]

By:

cc: []
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>jagx-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Jaguar Health CEO, Board Members, Other C-Suite Members, and Institutional and Accredited Investors Invest in $3.448 Million Bridge Financing Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules

San Francisco, CA (March 26, 2025):Jaguar Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAGX) (Jaguar or the Company), announced today that Jaguars president and chief executive officer Lisa Conte, three other members of the Companys board of directors, and seven other C-suite and senior executives of Jaguar along with selected institutional and accredited investors (each, an Investor) entered into securities purchase agreements, pursuant to which the Company will issue up to $3.448 million aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory notes (collectively, the Notes) to such Investors in a private placement priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. The Notes will have a 3-month maturity, will bear interest at 6% per annum, and will be convertible immediately at the option of the Investors into shares of the Companys common stock.

The Company will use the proceeds for working capital and other general corporate purposes. In addition, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors unregistered warrants, which will be exercisable immediately and will expire on the earlier of (i) five years from the date of issuance, (ii) the consummation of a fundamental transaction and (iii) the consummation of a liquidation event.

The offering is expected to close on or about March 27, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. H.C. Wainwright & Co. is acting as the exclusive placement agent for the offering.

The securities described above are being offered in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder and, along with the shares of common stock underlying the convertible notes and warrants, have not been registered under the Securities Act, or applicable state securities laws. Accordingly, such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such applicable state securities laws. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement with investors, the Company has agreed to file a resale registration statement covering the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the convertible notes and warrants.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

About the Jaguar Health Family of Companies

Jaguar Health, Inc. (Jaguar) is a commercial stage pharmaceuticals company focused on developing novel proprietary prescription medicines sustainably derived from plants from rainforest areas for people and animals with gastrointestinal distress, specifically associated with

overactive bowel, which includes symptoms such as chronic debilitating diarrhea, urgency, bowel incontinence, and cramping pain. Jaguar family company Napo Pharmaceuticals (Napo) focuses on developing and commercializing human prescription pharmaceuticals for essential supportive care and management of neglected gastrointestinal symptoms across multiple complicated disease states. Napos crofelemer is FDA-approved under the brand name Mytesi for the symptomatic relief of noninfectious diarrhea in adults with HIV/AIDS on antiretroviral therapy. Jaguar family company Napo Therapeutics is an Italian corporation Jaguar established in Milan, Italy in 2021 focused on expanding crofelemer access in Europe and specifically for orphan and/or rare diseases. Jaguar Animal Health is a Jaguar tradename. Magdalena Biosciences, a joint venture formed by Jaguar and Filament Health Corp. that emerged from Jaguars Entheogen Therapeutics Initiative (ETI), is focused on developing novel prescription medicines derived from plants for mental health indications.

For more information about:

Jaguar Health, visit https://jaguar.health

Napo Pharmaceuticals, visit www.napopharma.com

Napo Therapeutics, visit napotherapeutics.com

Magdalena Biosciences, visit magdalenabiosciences.com

Visit the Make Cancer Less Shitty patient advocacy program on Bluesky, X, Facebook & Instagram

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this press release constitute forward-looking statements. These include statements regardingthe expected closing of the offering and the intended use of proceeds from the offering.In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expect, plan, aim, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are only predictions. Jaguar has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond Jaguars control. Except as required by applicable law, Jaguar does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.

Source: Jaguar Health, Inc.

Contact:

hello@jaguar.health

Jaguar-JAGX
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>img107817981_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>jagx-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Cover [Abstract] 
Amendment Flag 
City Area Code 
Document Period End Date 
Document Type 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity File Number 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Local Phone Number 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security Exchange Name 
Soliciting Material 
Trading Symbol 
Written Communications
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document And Entity Information

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Jaguar Health, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001585608

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity File Number 001-36714

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-2956775

Entity Address, Address Line One 200 Pine Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 400

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94104

City Area Code (415)

Local Phone Number 371-8300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share

Trading Symbol JAGX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://jaguarhealth.gcs-web.com/20250326/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

jagx-20250326.htm 
jagx-20250326.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-044842-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>jagx-20250326_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001585608 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

0001585608 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
Jaguar Health, Inc. 
DE 
001-36714 
46-2956775 
200 Pine Street 
Suite 400 
San Francisco 
CA 
94104 
(415) 
371-8300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001 Per Share 
JAGX 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>