<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950170-25-056005.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0000950170-25-056005.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421070809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-25-056005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250418
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invivyd, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001832038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				851403134
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40703
		FILM NUMBER:		25851291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 TRAPELO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 178
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 819-0080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1601 TRAPELO ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 178
		CITY:			WALTHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02451

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Adagio Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ivvd-20250418.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

0001832038false00018320382025-04-182025-04-18

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENTREPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): April 18, 2025

Invivyd, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 

001-40703 

85-1403134

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1601 Trapelo Road, Suite 178

Waltham, MA 

02451

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (781) 819-0080

Not applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

IVVD 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On April 18, 2025 (the Closing Date), Invivyd, Inc. (the Company), entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement), between the Company, as borrower, and Silicon Valley Bank, a Division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company, as lender (the Lender). The Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $30 million (the Term Facility) consisting of (a) Term A Loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, which shall be available to be drawn from and after August 15, 2025 through December 31, 2026 upon compliance with certain financial covenants and conditions, (b) Term B Loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, which shall be available to be drawn during the period commencing on the date of the achievement of certain net product revenue milestones and ending on June 30, 2027, and (c) Term C Loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, which shall be available to be drawn during the period commencing on the date of the achievement of certain net product revenue milestones and ending on June 30, 2027. The proceeds of the Term Facility may be used for working capital and general business purposes.

The loans under the Term Facility (i) are due and payable on March 1, 2029 (the Maturity Date) and (ii) bear interest that is payable monthly (commencing with the month in which any loans are funded under the Term Facility) in arrears at a per annum rate (subject to increase during an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement)) equal to the greater of (x) the Wall Street Journal prime rate minus 0.25% (subject to a 9.00% cap) and (y) 6.00%. Commencing on April 1, 2027 (which date may be extended to April 1, 2028 upon the achievement of certain net product revenue milestones (the Interest-Only Period Extension)), the Company is required to repay the principal of the Term Facility in 24 consecutive equal monthly installments (or, in the case of the Interest-Only Period Extension, 12 consecutive equal monthly installments). At maturity, or if earlier prepaid, the Company will also be required to pay a final payment fee equal to 4.50% of the aggregate principal amount of the loans advanced under the Term Facility. The Loan Agreement provides for an unused term loan commitment fee equal to 1.00% of the Term Facility upon the earliest to occur of (1) July 1, 2027, (2) the occurrence of an event of default under the Loan Agreement and (3) the termination of the Loan Agreement; provided, that such fee will be waived by the Lender in the event that the Company has requested and the Lender has funded any loans under the Term Facility prior to such date.

The Company may make a voluntary prepayment of loans under the Term Facility, in whole but not in part, at any time. All prepayments of the Term Facility (including as a result of the acceleration of the Term Facility following an event of default under the Loan Agreement) are subject to the payment of prepayment premiums as follows: (i) if prepayment occurs on or prior to the 1st anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to 3.0% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Facility being prepaid, (ii) if prepayment occurs after the 1st anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the 2nd anniversary of the Closing Date, 2.0% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Facility being prepaid, (iii) if prepayment occurs after the 2nd anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the 3rd anniversary of the Closing Date, 1.0% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Facility being prepaid and (iv) if prepayment occurs after the 3rd anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to 0.0% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Facility being prepaid.

The obligations of the Company under the Loan Agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the Companys assets, excluding intellectual property. Certain of the Companys future subsidiaries, if any, will be required to become co-borrowers under the Loan Agreement or guarantee the obligations of the Company under the Loan Agreement. In addition, such subsidiaries will be required to pledge substantially all of their assets, excluding intellectual property, to secure the obligations of the Company under the Loan Agreement. None of the Companys subsidiaries in existence as of the Closing Date were required to be co-borrowers or guarantors or to so pledge their assets.

The Loan Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this type, including limitations on the Companys and its subsidiaries abilities, among other things, to incur additional debt, grant or permit additional liens, make investments and acquisitions, merge or consolidate with others, dispose of assets, pay dividends and distributions, enter into affiliate transactions and change its line of business, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the Loan Agreement contains quarterly financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain (a) commencing at the end of the quarter following the advance of any loans under the Term Facility, a

certain amount of minimum net product revenue and (b) commencing with the quarter ending December 31, 2025 (or, if earlier, commencing at the end of the quarter following the advance of greater than $15 million of loans under the Term Facility), either (i) a certain amount of minimum EBITDA or (ii) minimum unrestricted cash and cash equivalents in an amount equal to or greater than the greater of (x) an amount equal to the sum of the Companys six-month Cash Burn (as defined in the Loan Agreement) and the aggregate amount of loans outstanding under the Term Facility and (y) the aggregate amount of loans outstanding under the Term Facility multiplied by two (the Minimum Cash Threshold). In addition, if the Company no longer maintains active sales of a product in the U.S., it will be required to maintain the Minimum Cash Threshold at all times.

The Loan Agreement also contains representations and warranties of the Company customary for financings of this type. Such representations and warranties (i) are intended not as statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk between the parties to the Loan Agreement, (ii) have been qualified by reference to confidential disclosures made by the parties in connection with the Loan Agreement and (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Accordingly, the Loan Agreement is included with this filing only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the transaction, and not to provide stockholders or other investors with any other factual information regarding the Company. Stockholders should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Loan Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.

The Loan Agreement also includes events of default customary for financings of this type, in certain cases subject to customary periods to cure, following which the Lender may accelerate all amounts outstanding under the Term Facility.

The foregoing description of the Loan Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Loan Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information regarding the transactions contemplated by the Loan Agreement on the Closing Date set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On April 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing entry into the Loan Agreement. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 

Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 18, 2025, between Invivyd, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank, a Division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company

99.1 

Press Release, dated April 21, 2025

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INVIVYD, INC.

Date: April 21, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jill Andersen

Jill Andersen

Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ivvd-ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1

Certain Confidential Information in this document, marked by [***], has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential.

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

THIS LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of the Effective Date between SILICON VALLEY BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY (Bank) and INVIVYD, INC., a Delaware corporation (Borrower). The parties agree as follows:

1

LOAN AND TERMS OF PAYMENT

1.1

Term Loan.

(a)

Availability. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon Borrowers request, during Draw Period A, Bank shall make term loan advances in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Term A Loan Availability Amount (each, a Term A Loan Advance and collectively, the Term A Loan Advances). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon Borrowers request, during Draw Period B, Bank shall make term loan advances in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Term B Loan Availability Amount (each, a Term B Loan Advance and collectively, the Term B Loan Advances). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon Borrowers request, during Draw Period C, Bank shall make term loan advances in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Term C Loan Availability Amount (each, a Term C Loan Advance and collectively, the Term C Loan Advances). The Term A Loan Advances, Term B Loan Advances and Term C Loan Advances are each referred to herein as a Term Loan Advance and, collectively, as the Term Loan Advances. Borrower may request Term Loan Advances as set forth on Schedule I hereto.

(b)

Repayment. Borrower shall repay each Term Loan Advance as set forth in Schedule I hereto. All outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest under each Term Loan Advance, and all other outstanding Obligations with respect to such Term Loan Advance, are due and payable in full on the Term Loan Maturity Date. 

(c)

Permitted Prepayment. Borrower shall have the option to prepay all, but not less than all, of the Term Loan Advances, provided Borrower (i) delivers written notice to Bank of its election to prepay the Term Loan Advances at least five (5) Business Days prior to such prepayment (provided, that such written notice may state that it is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by written notice to Bank on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied), and (ii) pays, on the date of such prepayment (A) the outstanding principal plus accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Term Loan Advances, (B) the Prepayment Fee, (C) the Final Payment and (D) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to the Term Loan Advances, including interest at the Default Rate with respect to any past due amounts.

(d)

Mandatory Prepayment Upon an Acceleration. If the Term Loan Advances are accelerated by Bank following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Borrower shall immediately pay to Bank an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Term Loan Advances, (ii) the Prepayment Fee, (iii) the Final Payment, (iv) the Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee and (v) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to the Term Loan Advances, including interest at the Default Rate with respect to any past due amounts.

1.2

Payment of Interest on the Credit Extensions.

(a)

Interest Payments. Interest on the principal amount of each Term Loan Advance is payable as set forth on Schedule I hereto.

(b)

Interest Rate.

1

(i)

Term Loan Advances. Subject to Section 1.2(c), the outstanding principal amount of any Term Loan Advance shall accrue interest as set forth on Schedule I hereto.

(ii)

All-In Rate. Notwithstanding any terms in this Agreement to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Obligations is less than zero percent (0.0%), such interest rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.0%) for all purposes of this Agreement.

(c)

Default Rate. Immediately upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the outstanding Obligations shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is three percent (3.0%) above the rate that is otherwise applicable thereto (the Default Rate) unless Bank otherwise elects, in its sole discretion, to impose a lesser increase or no increase. Fees and expenses which are required to be paid by Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, Bank Expenses) but are not paid when due shall bear interest until paid at a rate equal to the highest rate applicable to the Obligations. Payment or acceptance of the increased interest rate provided in this Section 1.2(c) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Event of Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of Bank.

(d)

Adjustment to Interest Rate. Each change in the interest rate applicable to any amounts payable under the Loan Documents based on changes to the Prime Rate shall be effective on the effective date of any change to the Prime Rate and to the extent of such change.

(e)

Interest Computation. Interest shall be computed as set forth on Schedule I hereto. In computing interest, the date of the making of any Credit Extension shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided, however, that if any Credit Extension is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included in computing interest on such Credit Extension.

1.3

Fees. Borrower shall pay to Bank:

(a)

Final Payment. The Final Payment, when due hereunder, which shall be fully earned and non-refundable as of such date;

(b)

Prepayment Fee. The Prepayment Fee, when due hereunder, which shall be fully earned and non-refundable as of such date;

(c)

Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee. The Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee, when due hereunder, which shall be fully earned and non-refundable as of such date; and

(d)

Bank Expenses. All Bank Expenses incurred through and after the Effective Date, when due (or, if no stated due date, promptly upon demand by Bank).

Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or in a separate writing by Bank, Borrower shall not be entitled to any credit, rebate, or repayment of any fees earned by Bank pursuant to this Agreement notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement or the suspension or termination of Banks obligation to make loans and advances hereunder. Bank may deduct amounts owing by Borrower under the clauses of this Section 1.3 pursuant to the terms of Section 1.4(c). Bank shall provide Borrower written notice of deductions made pursuant to the terms of the clauses of this Section 1.3.

1.4

Payments; Application of Payments; Debit of Accounts.

(a)

All payments (including prepayments) to be made by Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made in immediately available funds in Dollars, without setoff, counterclaim, or deduction, before 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on the date when due. Payments of principal and/or interest received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time are considered received at the opening of business on the next Business Day. When a payment is due on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment shall be due the next Business Day, and additional fees or interest, as applicable, shall continue to accrue until paid.

(b)

Bank has the exclusive right to determine the order and manner in which all payments with respect to the Obligations may be applied. Borrower shall have no right to specify the order or the accounts to which 

2

Bank shall allocate or apply any payments required to be made by Borrower to Bank or otherwise received by Bank under this Agreement when any such allocation or application is not specified elsewhere in this Agreement.

(c)

Bank may debit any of Borrowers deposit accounts maintained with Bank, including the Designated Deposit Account, for principal and interest payments or any other amounts Borrower owes Bank when due under the Loan Documents. These debits shall not constitute a set-off.

1.5

Change in Circumstances.

(a)

Increased Costs. If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or advances, loans or other credit extended or participated in by, Bank, (ii) subject Bank to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitment, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, or (iii) impose on Bank any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Credit Extensions made by Bank, and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to Bank of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Credit Extension (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Credit Extension), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon written request of Bank, Borrower shall promptly pay to Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Bank for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)

Capital Requirements. If Bank determines that any Change in Law affecting Bank regarding capital or liquidity requirements, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on Banks capital as a consequence of this Agreement, any term loan facility, or the Credit Extensions made by Bank to a level below that which Bank could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration Banks policies with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time upon written request of Bank, Borrower shall promptly pay to Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate Bank for any such reduction suffered.

(c)

Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 1.5 shall not constitute a waiver of Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate Bank pursuant to subsection (a) for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that Bank notifies Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of Banks intention to claim compensation therefor (except that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine (9) month period shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect).

1.6

Taxes.

(a)

Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of Borrower) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by Borrower, then (i) Borrower shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, (ii) Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 1.6) Bank receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b)

Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law.

(c)

Tax Indemnification. Without limiting the provisions of subsections (a) and (b) above, Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify Bank, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 1.6) payable or paid by Bank or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to Bank and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly 

3

or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by Bank shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)

Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 1.6, Borrower shall deliver to Bank a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to Bank.

(e)

Status of Bank. If Bank (including any assignee or successor) is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document, it shall deliver to Borrower, at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, Bank, if reasonably requested by Borrower, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by Borrower as will enable Borrower to determine whether or not Bank is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Bank shall deliver whichever of IRS Form W-9, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8ECI or W-8IMY is applicable, as well as any applicable supporting documentation or certifications. If a payment made to Bank under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if Bank were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), Bank shall deliver to Borrower at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower as may be necessary for Borrower to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that Bank has complied with Banks obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of the preceding sentence, FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

(f)

Treatment of Certain Refunds. If Bank determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of Bank and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Borrower, upon the request of Bank, shall repay to Bank the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will Bank be required to pay any amount to Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place Bank in a less favorable net after-Tax position than Bank would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require Bank to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to Borrower or any other Person.

1.7

Procedures for Borrowing.

(a)

Subject to the prior satisfaction of all other applicable conditions to the making of a Term Loan Advance set forth in this Agreement (which must be satisfied no later than 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on the applicable Funding Date), to obtain a Term Loan Advance, Borrower shall notify Bank (which notice shall be irrevocable) by 12:00 p.m. Pacific time at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Funding Date of the Term Loan Advance. Such notice shall be made through Banks online banking platform by an individual duly authorized by an Administrator, by electronic mail or by telephone. In connection with any such notification, Borrower shall deliver to Bank by electronic mail or through Banks online banking platform a completed Payment/Advance Form executed by an Authorized Signer and such other reports and information as Bank may reasonably request. Such Payment/Advance Form and other information (if any) must be received by Bank prior to 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on the requested Funding Date. Bank shall have determined to its satisfaction that any notice of or request for Term Loan Advances has been duly authorized by Borrower. Bank may rely on any notice given by a person whom Bank believes is an Authorized Signer. Borrower will indemnify Bank for any loss Bank suffers due to such belief or reliance.

(b)

Bank shall credit proceeds of a Credit Extension to the Designated Deposit Account. Bank may make Term Loan Advances under this Agreement based on instructions from an Authorized Signer or without instructions if such Term Loan Advances are necessary to meet Obligations which have become due.

4

2

CONDITIONS OF CREDIT EXTENSIONS

2.2

Conditions Precedent to Initial Credit Extension. The effectiveness of this Agreement and Banks obligation to make the initial Credit Extension shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent:

(a)

Loan Documents. Bank shall have received each of the following, each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank:

(i)

duly executed Loan Documents;

(ii)

duly executed Perfection Certificate of Borrower;

(iii)

duly executed signatures to the Stock Pledge Agreement; 

(iv)

[reserved];

(v)

a legal opinion of Borrowers counsel dated as of the Effective Date;

(b)

Corporate Borrowing Certificates (or equivalent Officers Certificates); Certified Operating Documents; Good Standing Certificates. Bank shall have received (i) a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer or secretary of Borrower with respect to Borrower attaching: (A) Operating Documents and (B) Borrowing Resolutions, and (ii) long-form good standing certificates of Borrower certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of each other jurisdiction in which Borrower is qualified to conduct business, in each case as of a date no earlier than 30 days prior to the Effective Date.

(c)

Due Diligence. Bank shall have (i) completed a due diligence investigation of the Borrower, and with results, satisfactory to Bank and shall have been given such access to the management, records, books of account, contracts and properties of Borrower and shall have received such financial, business and other information regarding each of the foregoing Persons and businesses as it shall have requested received; (ii) received certified copies, dated as of a recent date, of searches for financing statements filed in the central filing office of the State of Delaware, accompanied by written evidence (including any UCC termination statements) that the Liens indicated in any such financing statements either constitute Permitted Liens or have been or, in connection with the initial Credit Extension, will be terminated or released, and (iii) received all asset appraisals, field audits, and such other reports and certifications, as Bank has reasonably requested.

(d)

Insurance. Bank shall have received evidence satisfactory to Bank that the insurance policies required by Section 5.6 hereof are in full force and effect.

(e)

Patriot Act, etc. Bank shall have received all documentation and other information requested (including beneficial ownership information) in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, and Borrower shall have satisfied all requirements related thereto.

(f)

with respect to the initial Term Loan Advance, a duly executed Control Agreement with U.S. Bank;

(g)

with respect to the initial Term Loan Advance, evidence, satisfactory to Bank in its sole discretion, that Borrower is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 5.8 of this Agreement (regardless of whether Testing Event #1 or Testing Event #2 has occurred) (i) as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter ending prior to the Funding Date of the initial Term Loan Advance and (ii) immediately after giving effect to the funding of the initial Term Loan Advance; 

(h)

Receipt of such other documents or certificates, and completion of such other matters, as Bank may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate.

2.3

Conditions Precedent to all Credit Extensions. Banks obligation to make each Credit Extension, including the initial Credit Extension, is subject to the following conditions precedent:

5

(a)

receipt of payment of the fees and Bank Expenses then due as specified in Section 1.3 hereof;

(b)

receipt of Borrowers Credit Extension request and the related materials and documents as required by and in accordance with Section 1.7;

(c)

the representations and warranties in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of any Credit Extension request and as of the Funding Date of each Credit Extension; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date, and no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the Credit Extension. Each Credit Extension is Borrowers representation and warranty on that date that the representations and warranties in this Agreement remain true and correct in all material respects; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date; and

(d)

Bank determines to its satisfaction that there has not been a (i) material impairment in the general affairs, management, results of operation, financial condition, nor any material adverse deviation by Borrower from the business plan of Borrower presented to and accepted by Bank as of the Effective Date (or from a business plan of Borrower presented to and accepted by Bank subsequent to the Effective Date pursuant to Section 5.3), or (ii) Material Adverse Change.

2.4

Covenant to Deliver. Borrower shall deliver to Bank each item required to be delivered to Bank under this Agreement as a condition precedent to any Credit Extension. A Credit Extension made prior to the receipt by Bank of any such item shall not constitute a waiver by Bank of Borrowers obligation to deliver such item, and the making of any Credit Extension in the absence of a required item shall be in Banks sole discretion.

3

CREATION OF SECURITY INTEREST

3.2

Grant of Security Interest.

(a)

Borrower hereby grants Bank, to secure the payment and performance in full of all of the Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Bank, the Collateral, wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof.

(b)

Borrower acknowledges that it previously has entered, or may in the future enter, into Bank Services Agreements with Bank. Regardless of the terms of any Bank Services Agreement, Borrower agrees that any amounts Borrower owes Bank thereunder shall be deemed to be Obligations hereunder and that it is the intent of Borrower and Bank to have all such Obligations secured by the first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral granted herein (subject to Permitted Liens).

3.3

Authorization to File Financing Statements. Borrower hereby authorizes Bank to file financing statements, without notice to Borrower, with all jurisdictions deemed necessary or appropriate by Bank to perfect or protect Banks interest or rights hereunder, including a notice that any disposition of the Collateral, by either Borrower or any other Person, shall be deemed to violate the rights of Bank under the Code. Such financing statements may indicate the Collateral as all assets of the Debtor or words of similar effect.

3.4

Termination. If this Agreement is terminated, Banks Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations or other obligations which by their terms survive termination of this Agreement) are repaid in full in cash. Upon payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations or other obligations which by their terms survive termination of this Agreement) and at such time as Banks obligation to make Credit Extensions has terminated, Banks Liens on and security interest in the Collateral shall automatically and immediately be terminated and released without further action by either party and all rights therein shall revert to Borrower. Upon any termination or release in accordance with this Section, and from time to time thereafter, Bank shall, at the sole cost and expense of Borrower, execute and deliver such instruments, documents, and filings Borrower reasonably requests to evidence such termination and release. In the event (a) all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations or other obligations which by their terms survive 

6

termination of this Agreement), except for Bank Services, are satisfied in full, and (b) this Agreement is terminated, Bank shall terminate the security interest granted herein upon Borrower providing cash collateral acceptable to Bank in its sole discretion for Bank Services, if any. In the event such Bank Services consist of outstanding Letters of Credit, Borrower shall provide to Bank cash collateral in an amount equal to at least (x) 105.0% of the face amount of all such Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars and (y) 115.0% of the Dollar Equivalent of the face amount of all such Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, plus, in each case, all interest, fees, and costs due or estimated by Bank to become due in connection therewith, to secure all of the Obligations relating to such Letters of Credit.

4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

4.2

Due Organization, Authorization; Power and Authority.

(a)

Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are each duly existing and in good standing as a Registered Organization in their respective jurisdiction of formation and are qualified and licensed to do business and are in good standing in any jurisdiction in which the conduct of their respective business or their ownership of property requires that they be qualified except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations.

(b)

All information set forth on the Perfection Certificate pertaining to Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is true and correct in all material respects (it being understood and agreed that Borrower may from time to time update certain information in the Perfection Certificate after the Effective Date to the extent permitted by one or more specific provisions in this Agreement and the Perfection Certificate shall be deemed to be updated to the extent such notice is provided to Bank of such permitted update).

(c)

The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized, and do not (i) conflict with any of Borrowers or any such Subsidiarys organizational documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Applicable Law, (iii) contravene, conflict with or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their property or assets may be bound or affected, (iv) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect), or (v) conflict with, contravene, constitute a default or breach under, or result in or permit the termination or acceleration of, any material agreement by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries are in default under any agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound in which the default could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers or any of its Subsidiarys business or operations.

4.3

Collateral.

(a)

The security interest granted herein is and shall at all times continue to be a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (subject to Permitted Liens). Borrower has good title to, rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien hereunder, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens.

(b)

Borrower has no Collateral Accounts at or with any bank or financial institution other than Bank or Banks Affiliates except for the Collateral Accounts described in the Perfection Certificate delivered to Bank in connection herewith and which Borrower has taken such actions as are necessary to give Bank a perfected security interest therein, pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7(c). The Accounts are bona fide, existing obligations of the Account Debtors.

(c)

The Collateral is not in the possession of any third party bailee (such as a warehouse) except as otherwise provided in the Perfection Certificate or as permitted pursuant to Section 6.2. None of the components of the Collateral shall be maintained at locations other than as provided in the Perfection Certificate or as permitted pursuant to Section 6.2.

7

(d)

All Inventory is in all material respects of good and marketable quality, free from material defects (other than resulting from any casualty or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation).

(e)

Borrower owns, or possesses the right to use to the extent necessary in its business, all Intellectual Property, licenses and other intangible assets that are used in the conduct of its business as now operated, except to the extent that such failure to own or possess the right to use such asset would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations, and no such asset, to the best knowledge of Borrower, conflicts with the valid Intellectual Property, license, or intangible asset of any other Person to the extent that such conflict could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations.

(f)

Except as noted on the Perfection Certificate or for which notice has been given to Bank pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5.9(b), Borrower is not a party to, nor is it bound by, any Restricted License.

4.4

Litigation. Other than as set forth in the Perfection Certificate or as disclosed to Bank pursuant to Section 5.3(h), there are no actions, investigations or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer, threatened in writing by or against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to result in damages or costs, including settlement payments, to Borrower of more than, individually or in the aggregate, $250,000.00, not covered by independent third party insurance as to which liability has been accepted by the carrier providing such insurance.

4.5

Financial Statements; Financial Condition. All consolidated financial statements for Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries delivered to Bank by submission to the Financial Statement Repository or otherwise submitted to Bank fairly present in all material respects Borrowers consolidated financial condition and Borrowers consolidated results of operations for the periods covered thereby, subject, in the case of unaudited financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnote disclosures. There has not been any material deterioration in Borrowers consolidated financial condition since the date of the most recent financial statements submitted to the Financial Statement Repository or otherwise submitted to Bank.

4.6

Solvency. The fair salable value of Borrowers consolidated assets (including goodwill minus disposition costs) exceeds the fair value of Borrowers liabilities; Borrower is not left with unreasonably small capital after the transactions in this Agreement; and Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are able to pay their debts (including trade debts) as they mature.

4.7

Regulatory Compliance. Borrower is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Borrower is not engaged as one of its important activities in extending credit for margin stock (under Regulations X, T and U of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors). Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have complied with all Applicable Law and have not violated any Applicable Law, except where the non-compliance with which or violation of which could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have duly complied with, and their respective facilities, business, assets, property, leaseholds, real property and Equipment are in compliance with, Environmental Laws, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations; there have been no outstanding citations, notices or orders of non-compliance issued to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or relating to their respective facilities, businesses, assets, property, leaseholds, real property or Equipment under such Environmental Laws, except where the same would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations. Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all consents, approvals and authorizations of, made all declarations or filings with, and given all notices to, all Governmental Authorities that are necessary to continue their respective businesses as currently conducted.

4.8

Subsidiaries; Investments. Borrower does not own any stock, unit, membership interest, partnership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities except for Permitted Investments.

4.9

Tax Returns and Payments; Pension Contributions.

(a)

Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have timely filed (subject to validly filed extensions), or submitted extensions for, all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries except (a) to the extent such taxes are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings 

8

promptly instituted and diligently conducted, so long as such reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made therefor, or (b) if such taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions do not, individually or in the aggregate, exceed $50,000.00. Borrower is unaware of any claims or adjustments proposed for any of Borrowers or any of its Subsidiarys prior tax years which could result in additional taxes becoming due and payable by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $50,000.00 in the aggregate.

(b)

Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have paid all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms, and neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has withdrawn from participation in, and has not permitted partial or complete termination of, or permitted the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any such plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other Governmental Authority.

4.10

Full Disclosure. No written representation, warranty or other statement of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in any report, certificate or written statement submitted to the Financial Statement Repository or otherwise submitted to Bank, as of the date such representation, warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all such reports, certificates and written statements submitted to the Financial Statement Repository or otherwise submitted to Bank, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the reports, certificates or written statements not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made (it being recognized by Bank that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results).

4.11

Sanctions. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is: (a) in violation of any Sanctions; or (b) a Sanctioned Person. Neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, directors, or officers, or, to the knowledge of Borrower, any of its employees, agents or Affiliates: (i) conducts any business or engages in any transaction or dealing with any Sanctioned Person, including making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the benefit of any Sanctioned Person; (ii) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked pursuant to any Sanctions; (iii) engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Sanctions; or (iv) otherwise engages in any transaction that could cause Bank to violate any Sanctions.

4.12

Healthcare Permits. (a) Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all Healthcare Permits and other rights from, and have made all declarations and filings with, all applicable Governmental Authorities, all self-regulatory authorities and all courts and other tribunals necessary to engage in the management and/or operation of their respective businesses; (b) each such Healthcare Permit is valid and in full force and effect, and Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Healthcare Permits; and (c) neither Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice from any Governmental Authority with respect to the revocation, suspension, restriction, limitation or termination of any Healthcare Permit nor, to the knowledge of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, is any such action proposed or threatened in writing.

4.13

Compliance with Healthcare Laws.

(a)

Borrower is in compliance with all applicable Healthcare Laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower has not received written notice by a Governmental Authority of any violation (or of any investigation, audit, or other proceeding involving allegations of any violation) of any Healthcare Laws, and no investigation, inspection, audit or other proceeding involving allegations of any violation is, to the knowledge of Borrower, threatened in writing or contemplated.

(b)

To the knowledge of Borrower, Borrower is not in default or violation of any law which is applicable to Borrower or its respective assets or the conduct of its respective businesses and Borrower has not been debarred or excluded from participation under a state or federal health care program, including any state or federal workers compensation program.

(c)

Borrower is not a party to any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders or similar agreements with or imposed by any Governmental Authority.

9

5

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower shall do all of the following:

5.2

Use of Proceeds. Cause the proceeds of the Credit Extensions to be used solely (a) as working capital or (b) to fund its general business purposes, and not for personal, family, household or agricultural purposes, and not in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any applicable anti-corruption law.

5.3

Government Compliance.

(a)

Maintain its and all of its Subsidiaries legal existence (except as permitted under Section 6.3 with respect to Subsidiaries only) and good standing in their respective jurisdictions of formation and maintain qualification in each jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations. Borrower shall comply, and have each Subsidiary comply with all Applicable Law, except where the non-compliance with which could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations.

(b)

Obtain all of the Governmental Approvals necessary for the performance by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries of their obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, including any grant of a security interest to Bank. Borrower shall promptly provide copies of any such obtained Governmental Approvals to Bank.

(c)

Cause the operations and property of Borrower, and each of its Subsidiaries, to comply with all applicable Healthcare Laws. Without limiting the foregoing, the operations and property of Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall comply with HIPAA in all material respects. Borrower has established and maintains a corporate compliance program that (i) addresses the material Applicable Laws, including all applicable Healthcare Laws, of Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over its business and operations, and (ii) has been structured to account for the guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services regarding characteristics of effective corporate compliance programs. As of the Effective Date, Borrower has delivered to Bank an accurate and complete copy of each material report, study, survey or other document of which Borrower has knowledge that addresses or otherwise relates to the compliance by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, with applicable Healthcare Laws.

5.4

Financial Statements, Reports. Deliver to Bank by submitting to the Financial Statement Repository:

(a)

10-Q Reports. As soon as available, but no later than 45 days after the last day of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of Borrower month, a company prepared consolidated balance sheet, cash flow statement, and income statement covering Borrowers consolidated operations for such fiscal quarter, consistent with such quarterly financial statements submitted to the SEC and in a form reasonably acceptable to Bank;

(b)

Monthly Compliance Statement. Within 30 days after the last day of each month, a duly completed Compliance Statement, confirming that as of the end of such month, Borrower was in full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and setting forth calculations showing compliance with the financial covenants (if any) set forth in this Agreement and such other information as Bank may reasonably request; 

(c)

Annual Operating Budget and Financial Projections. Within 30 days after the end of each fiscal year of Borrower, and contemporaneously with any updates or amendments thereto, (A) annual operating budgets (including income statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements, by quarter) for the upcoming fiscal year of Borrower, and (B) annual financial projections for the following fiscal year (on a quarterly basis), in each case as approved by the Board, together with any related business forecasts used in the preparation of such annual financial projections;

(d)

10-K Reports and Annual Audited Financial Statements. As soon as available, and in any event within 90 days following the end of Borrowers fiscal year, Borrowers 10-K report, together with audited consolidated financial statements prepared under GAAP, consistently applied, together with an unqualified opinion (provided that such unqualified opinion may contain a going concern qualification typical for venture backed 

10

companies similar to Borrower) on the financial statements from PwC, any Big Four accounting firm or any other independent certified public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Bank;

(e)

SEC Filings. In the event that Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries becomes subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act within five (5) days of filing, notification of the filing and copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries or any Guarantor with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC or with any national securities exchange, or distributed to its shareholders, as the case may be. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to the terms hereof (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries website on the internet at Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries website address or are available at www.sec.gov (or any successor site maintained by the SEC for similar purposes); provided, however, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank in writing (which may be by electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents;

(f)

Security Holder and Subordinated Debt Holder Reports. Within five (5) days of delivery, copies of all material statements, reports and notices made available to Borrowers security holders or to any holders of Subordinated Debt (solely in their capacities as security holders or holders of Subordinated Debt and not in any other role);

(g)

Beneficial Ownership Information. Prompt written notice of any changes to the beneficial ownership information set out in Section 14 of the Perfection Certificate. Borrower understands and acknowledges that Bank relies on such true, accurate and up-to-date beneficial ownership information to meet Banks regulatory obligations to obtain, verify and record information about the beneficial owners of its legal entity customers;

(h)

Legal Action Notice. Prompt written notice of any legal actions, investigations or proceedings pending or threatened in writing against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in damages or costs to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of, individually or in the aggregate, $250,000.00 or more;

(i)

Tort Claim Notice. If Borrower shall acquire a commercial tort claim with a value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000.00, Borrower shall promptly notify Bank in a writing signed by Borrower of the general details thereof and grant to Bank in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Bank;

(j)

Government Filings. Within five (5) days after the same are sent or received, copies of all correspondence, reports, documents and other filings by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any Governmental Authority regarding compliance with or maintenance of Governmental Approvals or Applicable Law or that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on any of the Governmental Approvals or otherwise on the business of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

(k)

Registered Organization. If Borrower is not a Registered Organization as of the Effective Date but later becomes one, promptly notify Bank of such occurrence and provide Bank with Borrowers organizational identification number;

(l)

Detailed Cash Report. As soon as available, but no later than 30 days after the last day of each month, a detailed cash report, including monthly bank statements, setting forth each of Borrowers accounts maintained outside of Bank and Banks Affiliates, and the balances maintained in such accounts as of the last day of such month, in a form reasonably acceptable to Bank;

(m)

Default. Prompt written notice of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default; and

(n)

Other Information. Promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or compliance with the terms of any Loan Documents as reasonably requested by Bank.

Any submission by Borrower of a Compliance Statement or any other financial statement submitted to the Financial Statement Repository pursuant to this Section 5.3 or otherwise submitted to Bank shall be deemed to be a

11

representation by Borrower that (i) as of the date of such Compliance Statement or other financial statement, the information and calculations set forth therein are true and correct, (ii) as of the end of the compliance period set forth in such submission, Borrower is in complete compliance with all required covenants except as noted in such Compliance Statement or other financial statement, as applicable, (iii) as of the date of such submission, no Events of Default have occurred or are continuing, (iv) all representations and warranties other than any representations or warranties that are made as of a specific date in Section 4 remain true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such submission except as noted in such Compliance Statement or other financial statement, as applicable, (v) as of the date of such submission, Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed all required tax returns and reports, and Borrower has timely paid all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower except as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of Section 4.8, and (vi) as of the date of such submission, no Liens have been levied or claims made against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to unpaid employee payroll or benefits of which Borrower has not previously provided written notification to Bank.

5.5

Taxes; Pensions.

(a)

Timely file, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely file (in each case, unless subject to a valid extension), all required tax returns and reports and timely pay, and require each of its Subsidiaries to timely pay, all foreign, federal, state and local taxes, assessments, deposits and contributions owed by Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, except for (i) deferred payment of any taxes contested pursuant to the terms of Section 4.8(a) hereof and (ii) any such taxes, assessments, deposits, and contributions that do not, individually or in the aggregate, exceed $50,000.00, and shall deliver to Bank, on demand, appropriate certificates attesting to such payments, and pay, and require each of its Subsidiaries to pay, all amounts necessary to fund all present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plans in accordance with their terms.

(b)

To the extent Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries defers payment of any contested taxes, (i) notify Bank in writing of the commencement of, and any material development in, the proceedings, and (ii) post bonds or take any other steps required to prevent the Governmental Authority levying such contested taxes from obtaining a Lien upon any of the Collateral that is other than a Permitted Lien.

5.6

Access to Collateral; Books and Records. At reasonable times, on five (5) Business Days notice (provided no notice is required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), Bank, or its agents, shall have the right to inspect the Collateral and the right to audit and copy Borrowers Books. Such inspections and audits shall be conducted no more often than twice every twelve (12) months, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case such inspections and audits shall occur as often as Bank shall determine is necessary. The foregoing inspections and audits shall be conducted at Borrowers expense and the charge therefor shall be $1,000.00 per person per day (or such higher amount as shall represent Banks then-current standard charge for the same), plus out-of-pocket expenses. In the event Borrower and Bank schedule an audit more than eight (8) days in advance, and Borrower cancels or seeks to or reschedules the audit with less than eight (8) days written notice to Bank, then (without limiting any of Banks rights or remedies) Borrower shall pay Bank a fee of $2,000.00 plus any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Bank to compensate Bank for the anticipated costs and expenses of the cancellation or rescheduling.

5.7

Insurance.

(a)

Keep its business and the Collateral insured for risks and in amounts standard for companies of Borrowers size in Borrowers industry and location and as Bank may reasonably request. Insurance policies shall be in a form, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of Borrower, and in amounts that are satisfactory to Bank.

(b)

All property policies shall have a lenders loss payable endorsement showing Bank as lender loss payee. All liability policies shall show, or have endorsements showing, Bank as an additional insured. Bank shall be named as lender loss payee and/or additional insured with respect to any such insurance providing coverage in respect of any Collateral.

(c)

Ensure that proceeds payable under any property policy are, at Banks option, payable to Bank on account of the Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower shall have the option of applying the proceeds of any casualty policy up to $250,000.00 with respect to any loss, but not exceeding $500,000.00 in the aggregate for all losses under all casualty policies in any one (1) year, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed or damaged property; provided that any such replaced or repaired property (A) shall be of equal or like value as the replaced or repaired Collateral and (B) shall be deemed Collateral in which Bank has been granted a first priority security interest, and (ii) after the occurrence and during the 

12

continuance of an Event of Default, all proceeds payable under such casualty policy shall, at the option of Bank, be payable to Bank on account of the Obligations.

(d)

At Banks request, Borrower shall deliver certified copies of insurance policies and evidence of all premium payments. Each provider of any such insurance required under this Section 5.6 shall agree, by endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to Bank, that it will give Bank 30 days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be canceled. If Borrower fails to obtain insurance as required under this Section 5.6 or to pay any amount or furnish any required proof of payment to third persons and Bank, Bank may make all or part of such payment or obtain such insurance policies required in this Section 5.6, and take any action under the policies Bank deems prudent.

5.8

Accounts.

(a)

(i) Maintain an operating account with Bank as of the Effective Date and (ii) upon the expiration of the Transition Period, and at all times thereafter, maintain Borrowers, any of its Subsidiaries (other than Securities Corp.), and any Guarantors primary operating accounts, depository accounts and excess cash with Bank or Banks Affiliates; provided that, subject to the Account Threshold (as defined below), Borrower shall be permitted to maintain accounts with financial institutions other than Bank or Banks Affiliates (individually, a Permitted Account and collectively, the Permitted Accounts), so long as (i) account balances in the name of Borrower at Bank and Banks Affiliates shall be in an amount equal to at least 80.0% of the Dollar value of Borrowers, its Subsidiaries, and any Guarantors cash, in the aggregate, wherever located and (ii) each Permitted Account shall be subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Bank pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7(c) hereof. In addition to the foregoing, Borrower shall at all times have unrestricted and unencumbered cash in accounts maintained in the name of Borrower with Bank, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 100% of the Dollar value of all account balances of Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and any Guarantor, wherever located, and (ii) 110% of the then-outstanding Obligations of Borrower to Bank (the Account Threshold). In addition to the foregoing, subject to compliance with the Account Threshold, (i) Dutch Subsidiary shall be permitted to maintain accounts with financial institutions other than Bank or Banks Affiliates (the Permitted Dutch Accounts), provided that the maximum aggregate balance maintained in the Permitted Dutch Accounts (for all such accounts together) shall not exceed the Dollar Equivalent of $200,000.00 at any time and (ii) Swiss Subsidiary shall be permitted to maintain accounts with financial institutions other than Bank or Banks Affiliates (the Permitted Swiss Accounts), provided that the maximum aggregate balance maintained in the Permitted Swiss Accounts (for all such accounts together) shall not exceed the Dollar Equivalent of $200,000.00 at any time.

(b)

In addition to the foregoing, upon the expiration of the Transition Period, Borrower, any Subsidiary of Borrower and any Guarantor, shall obtain any business credit card (other than the Permitted Credit Cards) and letter of credit exclusively from Bank.

(c)

In addition to and without limiting the restrictions in (a), Borrower shall provide Bank five (5) days prior written notice before establishing any Collateral Account at or with any bank or financial institution other than Bank or Banks Affiliates. For each Collateral Account that Borrower at any time maintains, Borrower shall cause the applicable bank or financial institution (other than Bank) at or with which any Collateral Account is maintained to execute and deliver a Control Agreement or other appropriate instrument with respect to such Collateral Account to perfect Banks Lien in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms hereunder which Control Agreement may not be terminated without the prior written consent of Bank. The provisions of the previous sentence shall not apply to (i) subject to the Account Threshold and Section 2.1(f) hereof, Borrowers accounts with U.S. Bank prior to the expiration of the Transition Period, (ii) subject to compliance with the Account Threshold, Borrowers petty cash accounts maintained with financial institutions other than Bank or Banks Affiliates (the Permitted Petty Cash Accounts), so long as the aggregate amount of funds maintained in the PermittedPetty Cash Accounts (for all such accounts together) does not exceed $50,000.00 at any time (and, if such aggregate amount exceeds $50,000.00 at any time, the provisions of the previous sentence shall apply and a Control Agreement shall be required for each of the Permitted Petty Cash Accounts), or (iii) deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes, and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of Borrowers employees and identified to Bank by Borrower as such; provided, however, that the funds on deposit in such deposit accounts will at no time exceed the actual payroll, payroll taxes, withholding taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments then owing for the immediately succeeding payroll period (or greater amount to the extent required by Applicable Law).

5.9

Financial Covenants.

13

(a)

Minimum Net Product Revenue. Upon the occurrence of Testing Event #1, and at all times thereafter, Borrower shall achieve, to be tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, trailing three (3) month Net Product Revenue of at least the following amounts:

Fiscal Quarter Ending 

Minimum Trailing Three (3) Month Net Product Revenue

June 30, 2025 

$[***]

September 30, 2025 

$[***]

December 31, 2025 

$[***]

March 31, 2026 

$[***]

June 30, 2026 

$[***]

September 30, 2026 

$[***]

December 31, 2026 

$[***]

With respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2027, and each fiscal quarter thereafter, the levels of minimum Net Product Revenue shall be mutually agreed upon between Borrower and Bank, based upon, among other factors, (1) the greater of (A) 80.0% of consolidated net revenues and (B) year-over-year growth of 15.0% based on Borrowers Net Product Revenue for the preceding year, (2) Borrowers Board-approved operating plan and financial projections (which such operating plan and financial projections shall be acceptable to Bank in its sole discretion) and (3) Banks then current credit underwriting. With respect thereto:

(i)

Borrowers failure to agree in writing (which agreement shall be set forth in a written amendment to this Agreement) on or before February 28, 2027 to any minimum Net Product Revenue levels mutually agreed upon between Borrower and Bank with respect to any period from March 31, 2027, through and including December 31, 2027 shall result in an immediate Event of Default for which there shall be no grace or cure period; and 

(ii)

Borrowers failure to agree in writing (which agreement shall be set forth in a written amendment to this Agreement) on or before February 28, 2028 to any minimum Net Product Revenue levels mutually agreed upon between Borrower and Bank with respect to any period from March 31, 2028, through and including December 31, 2028 shall result in an immediate Event of Default for which there shall be no grace or cure period.

(b)

Minimum Cash or Minimum EBITDA. Upon the occurrence of Testing Event #2 and at all times thereafter, Borrower shall maintain, to be tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, either of the following (subject to Section 5.8(c) hereof):

(i)

Minimum Cash in an amount of at least the Minimum Cash Threshold; or 

(ii)

Trailing three (3) month EBITDA of at least the following amounts:

Fiscal Quarter Ending 

Minimum Trailing Three (3) Month EBIDTA

September 30, 2025 

$[***]

December 31, 2025 

$[***]

March 31, 2026 

$[***]

June 30, 2026 

$[***]

14

September 30, 2026 

$[***]

December 31, 2026 

$[***]

With respect to the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2027, and each fiscal quarter thereafter, the minimum EBITDA covenant levels shall be mutually agreed upon between Borrower and Bank, based upon, among other factors, Borrowers Board-approved operating plan and financial projections (which such operating plan and financial projections shall be acceptable to Bank in its sole discretion) and Banks then current credit underwriting. With respect thereto:

(iii)

Borrowers failure to agree in writing (which agreement shall be set forth in a written amendment to this Agreement) on or before February 28, 2027 to any minimum EBITDA levels mutually agreed upon between Borrower and Bank with respect to any period from March 31, 2027, through and including December 31, 2027 shall result in an immediate Event of Default for which there shall be no grace or cure period; and 

(iv)

Borrowers failure to agree in writing (which agreement shall be set forth in a written amendment to this Agreement) on or before February 28, 2028 to any minimum EBITDA levels mutually agreed upon between Borrower and Bank with respect to any period from March 31, 2028, through and including December 31, 2028 shall result in an immediate Event of Default for which there shall be no grace or cure period.

(c)

Minimum Cash Trigger. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.8(b), upon the occurrence of the Minimum Cash Trigger Event, and at all times thereafter, Borrower shall maintain, to be tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, Minimum Cash in an amount of at least than the Minimum Cash Threshold. 

5.10

Protection of Intellectual Property Rights.

(a)

(i) Protect, defend and maintain the validity and enforceability of Borrowers and each Subsidiarys Intellectual Property, except to the extent that such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations; (ii) promptly advise Bank in writing of infringements or any other event that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the value Borrowers and each Subsidiarys Intellectual Property material to Borrowers business; and (iii) not allow any Intellectual Property material to Borrowers or any Subsidiarys business to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public without Banks written consent.

(b)

Provide written notice to Bank within ten (10) days of entering or becoming bound by any Restricted License (other than over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public). Borrower shall take such commercially reasonable steps as Bank reasonably requests to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any person whose consent or waiver is necessary for (i) any such Restricted License to be deemed Collateral and for Bank to have a security interest in it that might otherwise be restricted or prohibited by law or by the terms of any such Restricted License, whether now existing or entered into in the future, and (ii) Bank to have the ability in the event of a liquidation of any Collateral to dispose of such Collateral in accordance with Banks rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

5.11

Litigation Cooperation. From the date hereof and continuing through the termination of this Agreement, make available to Bank, without expense to Bank, Borrower and its officers, employees and agents and Borrowers books and records, to the extent that Bank may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or proceeding instituted by or against Bank with respect to any Collateral or relating to Borrower.

5.12

Formation or Acquisition of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding and without limiting the negative covenants contained in Sections 6.3 and 6.7 hereof, at the time that Borrower or any Guarantor forms any Subsidiary or acquires any Subsidiary after the Effective Date (including, without limitation, pursuant to a Division), Borrower and such Guarantor shall (a) cause such new Subsidiary to provide to Bank a joinder to this Agreement to become a co-borrower hereunder or a guaranty to become a Guarantor hereunder (as determined by Bank in its sole discretion), together with documentation, all in form and substance satisfactory to Bank (including being sufficient to grant Bank a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary), (b) provide to Bank appropriate certificates and powers and financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such new Subsidiary, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank; and (c) provide to Bank all other documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Bank, including one or more opinions of counsel reasonably 

15

satisfactory to Bank, which in its opinion is appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above. Any document, agreement, or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this Section 5.11 shall be a Loan Document.

5.13

Inventory; Returns. Keep all Inventory in good and marketable condition, free from material defects (other than resulting from any casualty or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation). Returns and allowances between Borrower and its Account Debtors shall follow Borrowers customary practices as they exist at the Effective Date. Borrower shall promptly notify Bank of all returns, recoveries, disputes and claims that involve more than $300,000.00.

5.14

Further Assurances. Execute any further instruments and take such further action as Bank reasonably requests to effect the purposes of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, perfecting, protecting, and/or ensuring the priority of or continue Banks Lien on the Collateral.

5.15

Sanctions. (a) Not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any of the activities described in Section 4.10 in the future; (b) not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, become a Sanctioned Person; (c) ensure that the proceeds of the Obligations are not used to violate any Sanctions; and (d) deliver to Bank any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by Bank in its sole discretion, confirming each such Persons compliance with this Section 5.13. In addition, have implemented, and will consistently apply while this Agreement is in effect, procedures to ensure that the representations and warranties in Section 4.10 remain true and correct while this Agreement is in effect.

5.16

Post-Closing Conditions. Borrower shall (a) deliver to Bank, (i) within ten (10) Business Days of the Effective Date, stock power forms (5 originals) executed by Borrower with respect to capital stock of Securities Corp. and delivery of stock certificates evidencing ownership interest in Securities Corp., (ii) within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, evidence satisfactory to Bank that the insurance endorsements required by Section 5.6 hereof are in full force and effect, together with appropriate evidence showing lender loss payable and/or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of Bank and (iii) within 90 days of the Effective Date, a duly executed Control Agreement with U.S. Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to Bank and (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to Bank, within 30 days of the Effective Date, (1) a duly executed landlords consent in favor of Bank for Borrowers leased location at [***], by the respective landlord thereof and (2) duly executed bailees waivers in favor of Bank for the locations where Borrower maintains property with a third party at (x) [***], (y) [***] and (z) [***], by each such third party, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.

6

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Borrower shall not do any of the following without Banks prior written consent:

6.2

Dispositions. Convey, sell, lease, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of (including, without limitation, pursuant to a Division) (collectively, Transfer), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to Transfer, all or any part of its business or property, except for Transfers (a) of Inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) of worn-out, surplus or obsolete Equipment that is, in the reasonable judgment of Borrower, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful in the ordinary course of business of Borrower; (c) consisting of Permitted Liens and Permitted Investments; (d) consisting of the sale or issuance of any stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities of Borrower permitted under Section 6.2 of this Agreement; (e) consisting of Borrowers or its Subsidiaries use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (f) consisting of non-exclusive licenses for the use of the property of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and licenses of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of Borrowers business that could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States; (g) (i) among Borrowers and any secured Guarantors or (ii) by any Subsidiary to Borrower or any secured Guarantor and (iii) by any Subsidiary that is not a Borrower or secured Guarantor to any other Subsidiary that is not a Borrower or secured Guarantor; (h) leases or subleases of real property entered into in the ordinary course of Borrowers business; (i) resulting from any casualty or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation; and (j) consisting of other non-material assets not to exceed $250,000.00 in the aggregate per fiscal year.

6.3

Changes in Business, Management, Control, or Business Locations. (a) Engage in or permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any business other than the businesses currently engaged in by Borrower and such Subsidiary, as applicable, or reasonably related thereto; (b) liquidate or dissolve or permit any of its Subsidiaries to 

16

liquidate or dissolve (provided that any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve, so long as it transfers all of its assets to Borrower free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens)); (c) fail to provide notice to Bank of any Key Person departing from or ceasing to be employed by Borrower within five (5) Business Days after such Key Persons departure from Borrower; (d) permit, allow or suffer to occur any Change in Control; or (e) without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Bank, (i) add any new offices or business locations, including warehouses (unless such new offices or business locations contain less than $250,000.00 in Borrowers assets or property) or deliver any portion of the Collateral valued, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000.00 to a bailee at a location other than to a bailee and at a location already disclosed in the Perfection Certificate, (ii) change its jurisdiction of organization, (iii) change its organizational structure or type, (iv) change its legal name, or (v) change any organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization. If Borrower intends to add any new offices or business locations, including warehouses, containing in excess of $250,000.00 of Borrowers assets or property, then Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the landlord of any such new offices or business locations, including warehouses, to execute and deliver a landlord consent in form and substance satisfactory to Bank. If Borrower intends to deliver any portion of the Collateral valued, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000.00 to a bailee, and Bank and such bailee are not already parties to a bailee agreement governing both the Collateral and the location to which Borrower intends to deliver the Collateral, then Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such bailee to execute and deliver a bailee agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank.

6.4

Mergers or Acquisitions. Merge or consolidate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate, with any other Person, or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to acquire, all or substantially all of the stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities or property of another Person (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary or pursuant to a Division). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Subsidiary may merge or consolidate into another Subsidiary or into Borrower.

6.5

Indebtedness. Create, incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness, or permit any Subsidiary to do so, other than Permitted Indebtedness.

6.6

Encumbrance. Create, incur, allow, or suffer to exist any Lien on any of its property, or assign or convey any right to receive income, including the sale of any Accounts, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Liens, permit any Collateral not to be subject to the first priority security interest granted herein, or enter into any agreement, document, instrument or other arrangement (except with or in favor of Bank) with any Person which directly or indirectly prohibits or has the effect of prohibiting Borrower or any Subsidiary from assigning, mortgaging, pledging, granting a security interest in or upon, or encumbering any of Borrowers or any Subsidiarys Intellectual Property, except (i) as is otherwise permitted in Section 6.1 hereof and the definition of Permitted Liens herein, (ii) for customary restrictions on assignment, transfer and encumbrances in license agreements under which Borrower or any Subsidiary is the licensee or (iii) for covenants with such restrictions in merger or acquisition agreements; provided that such covenants do not prohibit Borrower or any Subsidiary from granting a security interest in Borrowers or any such Subsidiarys Intellectual Property in favor of Bank; and provided further that the counterparties to such covenants are not permitted to receive a security interest in Borrowers or any Subsidiarys Intellectual Property.

6.7

Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. Maintain any Collateral Account except pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7(c).

6.8

Distributions; Investments. (a) Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment or redeem, retire or purchase any stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities; provided that (i) Borrower may convert any of its convertible securities into other securities pursuant to the terms of such convertible securities or otherwise in exchange thereof, (ii) Borrower may pay dividends solely in common stock, (iii) Borrower may make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon the conversion of convertible securities in an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000.00 per fiscal year, (iv) Borrower may repurchase the stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities of current or former employees, directors, or consultants pursuant to stock repurchase agreements, so long as an Event of Default does not exist at the time of any such repurchase and would not exist after giving effect to any such repurchase, provided that the aggregate amount of all such repurchases does not exceed $250,000.00 per fiscal year, (v) Borrower may make purchases of capital stock in connection with the exercise of stock options or stock appreciation by way of a cashless exercise and (vi) Borrower or any Subsidiary may acquire (or withhold) its equity interests pursuant to any employee stock option or similar plan to pay withholding taxes for which Borrower is liable in respect of a current or former officer, director, employee, member of management or consultant upon such grant or award (or upon vesting or exercise thereof); or (b) directly or indirectly make any Investment (including, without limitation, by the formation of any Subsidiary) other 

17

than Permitted Investments, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subsidiaries of Borrower shall be permitted to pay dividends to Borrower or make distributions to Borrower.

6.9

Transactions with Affiliates. Directly or indirectly enter into or permit to exist any material transaction with any Affiliate of Borrower, except for (a) transactions between or among Borrower and any other Borrower or secured Guarantor, (b) transactions that are in the ordinary course of Borrowers business, upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to Borrower than would be obtained in an arms length transaction with a non-affiliated Person, (c) equity or bridge financing transactions with existing investors that are not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement, provided that any such bridge financing constitutes Subordinated Debt, (d) reasonable and customary compensation and other benefits arrangements (including retirement, health, stock option and other benefit plans and indemnification arrangements) for directors, officers and employees of Borrower entered into or maintained in the ordinary course of business and approved by the Board, and (e) transactions permitted pursuant to Sections 6.1, 6.3 and 6.7.

6.10

Subordinated Debt. Except as expressly permitted under the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which any Subordinated Debt is subject: (a) make or permit any payment on such Subordinated Debt; or (b) amend any provision in any document relating to such Subordinated Debt which would increase the amount thereof, provide for earlier or greater principal, interest, or other payments thereon, or adversely affect the subordination thereof to Obligations owed to Bank.

6.11

Compliance. (a) Become an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or undertake as one of its important activities extending credit to purchase or carry margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), or use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for that purpose; (b)(i) fail to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA, (ii) permit a Reportable Event or Prohibited Transaction, as defined in ERISA, to occur, (iii) fail to comply with the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act or (iv) violate any other law or regulation, if the foregoing subclauses (i) through (iv), individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers business or operations, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do so; or (c) withdraw or permit any Subsidiary to withdraw from participation in, permit partial or complete termination of, or permit the occurrence of any other event with respect to, any present pension, profit sharing and deferred compensation plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any liability of Borrower, including any liability to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or its successors or any other Governmental Authority.

7

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Any one of the following shall constitute an event of default (an Event of Default) under this Agreement:

7.2

Payment Default. Borrower fails to (a) make any payment of principal or interest on any Credit Extension on its due date, or (b) pay any other Obligations within three (3) Business Days after such Obligations are due and payable (which three (3) Business Day cure period shall not apply to payments due on the Term Loan Maturity Date). During the cure period, the failure to make or pay any payment specified under clause (b) hereunder is not an Event of Default (but no Credit Extension will be made during the cure period);

7.3

Covenant Default.

(a)

Borrower fails or neglects to perform any obligation in Section 5 (other than Sections 5.2 (Government Compliance), 5.10 (Litigation Cooperation), 5.12 (Inventory; Returns) and 5.13 (Further Assurances)) or violates any covenant in Section 6; or

(b)

Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep, or observe any other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any Loan Documents, and as to any default (other than those specified in this Section 7) under such other term, provision, condition, covenant or agreement that can be cured, has failed to cure the default within ten (10) days after the occurrence thereof; provided, however, that if the default cannot by its nature be cured within the ten (10) day period or cannot after diligent attempts by Borrower be cured within such ten (10) day period, and such default is likely to be cured within a reasonable time, then Borrower shall have an additional period (which shall not in any case exceed 30 days) to attempt to cure such default, and within such reasonable time period the failure to cure the default shall not be deemed an Event of Default (but no Credit Extensions shall be made during such cure period). Cure periods provided under this section shall not apply, among 

18

other things, to financial covenants or any other covenants that are required to be satisfied, completed or tested by a date certain or any covenants set forth in clause (a) above;

7.4

Material Adverse Change. A Material Adverse Change occurs;

7.5

Attachment; Levy; Restraint on Business.

(a)

(i) The service of process seeking to attach, by trustee or similar process, any funds of Borrower or any Subsidiary in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000.00, or (ii) a notice of lien or levy is filed against any of Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries assets with a value, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $250,000.00, by any Governmental Authority, and the same under subclauses (i) and (ii) hereof are not, within ten (10) days after the occurrence thereof, discharged or stayed (whether through the posting of a bond or otherwise); provided, however, no Credit Extensions shall be made during any ten (10) day cure period; or

(b)

(i) any material portion of Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries assets is attached, seized, levied on, or comes into possession of a trustee or receiver, or (ii) any court order enjoins, restrains, or prevents Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from conducting all or any material part of its business;

7.6

Insolvency. (a) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is unable to pay its debts (including trade debts) as they become due or otherwise becomes insolvent; (b) Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries begins an Insolvency Proceeding; or (c) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and is not dismissed or stayed within 30 days (but no Credit Extensions shall be made while any of the conditions described in clause (a) exist or until any Insolvency Proceeding is dismissed);

7.7

Other Agreements. There is, under any agreement to which Borrower, any of Borrowers Subsidiaries, or any Guarantor is a party with a third party or parties, (a) any default resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000.00; or (b) any breach or default by Borrower, any of Borrowers Subsidiaries, or Guarantor, the result of which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Borrowers, any of Borrowers Subsidiaries, or any Guarantors business or operations;

7.8

Judgments; Penalties. One or more fines, penalties or final judgments, orders or decrees for the payment of money in an amount, individually or in the aggregate, or litigation or other dispute resolution settlement payments by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, of at least $250,000.00 (not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which liability has been accepted by such insurance carrier) shall be rendered against Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by any Governmental Authority, and the same are not, within ten (10) days after the acceptance, entry, assessment or issuance thereof, discharged, or after execution thereof, or stayed pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the expiration of any such stay (provided that no Credit Extensions will be made prior to the discharge, or stay of such fine, penalty, judgment, order or decree);

7.9

Misrepresentations. Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Person acting for Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries makes any representation, warranty, or other statement now or later in this Agreement, any Loan Document or in any writing delivered to Bank or to induce Bank to enter this Agreement or any Loan Document, and such representation, warranty, or other statement is incorrect in any material respect when made (it being agreed and acknowledged by Bank that the projections and forecasts provided by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results);

7.10

Subordinated Debt. If: (a) any document, instrument, or agreement evidencing any Subordinated Debt shall for any reason be revoked or invalidated or otherwise cease to be in full force and effect, or any Person (other than Bank) shall be in breach thereof or contest in any manner the validity or enforceability thereof or deny that it has any further liability or obligation thereunder; (b) a default or event of default (however defined) has occurred under any document, instrument, or agreement evidencing any Subordinated Debt, which default shall not have been cured or waived within any applicable grace period; or (c) the Obligations shall for any reason be subordinated or shall not have the priority contemplated by this Agreement or any applicable subordination or intercreditor agreement;

7.11

Lien Priority. There is a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Banks security interest in the Collateral;

19

7.12

Guaranty. (a) Any guaranty of any Obligations terminates or ceases for any reason to be in full force and effect; (b) any Guarantor does not perform any obligation or covenant under any guaranty of the Obligations; (c) any circumstance described in Sections 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.7, 7.8 or 7.12 of this Agreement occurs with respect to any Guarantor, (d) the death, liquidation, winding up, or termination of existence of any Guarantor (other than as as a result of consummating a transaction permitted under Section 6.3 hereof); or (e)(i) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Banks Lien in the collateral provided by Guarantor or in the value of such collateral or (ii) a material adverse change in the general affairs, management, results of operation, condition (financial or otherwise) or the prospect of repayment of the Obligations occurs with respect to any Guarantor; 

7.13

Governmental Approvals. Any Governmental Approval shall have been (a) revoked, rescinded, suspended, modified in an adverse manner or not renewed in the ordinary course for a full term or (b) subject to any decision by a Governmental Authority that designates a hearing with respect to any applications for renewal of any of such Governmental Approval or that could result in the Governmental Authority taking any of the actions described in clause (a) above, and such decision or such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal (i) causes, or could reasonably be expected to cause, a Material Adverse Change, or (ii) materially and adversely affects the legal qualifications of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold such Governmental Approval in any applicable jurisdiction and such revocation, rescission, suspension, modification or non-renewal could reasonably be expected to affect the status of or legal qualifications of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold any Governmental Approval in any other jurisdiction; or

7.14

Delisting. After an initial public offering of the Borrowers common stock on an exchange or market, such shares are delisted from such exchange or market because of Borrowers failure to comply with continued listing standards thereof or due to a voluntary delisting which results in such shares not being listed on such exchange or market.

8

BANKS RIGHTS AND REMEDIES

8.2

Rights and Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Bank may, without notice or demand, do any or all of the following:

(a)

declare all Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Event of Default described in Section 7.5 occurs all Obligations are immediately due and payable without any action by Bank);

(b)

stop advancing money or extending credit for Borrowers benefit under this Agreement or under any other agreement between Borrower and Bank;

(c)

demand that Borrower (i) deposit cash with Bank in an amount equal to at least (A) 105.0% of the aggregate face amount of any Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars remaining undrawn, and (B) 115.0% of the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate face amount of any Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency remaining undrawn (plus, in each case, all interest, fees, and costs due or estimated by Bank to become due in connection therewith), to secure all of the Obligations relating to such Letters of Credit, as collateral security for the repayment of any future drawings under such Letters of Credit, and Borrower shall forthwith deposit and pay such amounts, and (ii) pay in advance all letter of credit fees scheduled to be paid or payable over the remaining term of any Letters of Credit;

(d)

terminate any FX Contracts (it being understood and agreed that (i) Bank is not obligated to deliver the currency which Borrower has contracted to receive under any FX Contract, and Bank may cover its exposure for any FX Contracts by purchasing or selling currency in the interbank market as Bank deems appropriate; (ii) Borrower shall be liable for all losses, damages, costs, margin obligations and expenses incurred by Bank arising from Borrowers failure to satisfy its obligations under any FX Contract or the execution of any FX Contract; and (iii) Bank shall not be liable to Borrower for any gain in value of a FX Contract that Bank may obtain in covering Borrowers breach);

(e)

verify the amount of, demand payment of and performance under, and collect any Accounts and General Intangibles, settle or adjust disputes and claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that Bank considers advisable, and notify any Person owing Borrower money of Banks security interest in such funds;

20

(f)

make any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the Collateral. Borrower shall assemble the Collateral if Bank requests and make it available as Bank designates. Bank may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest, or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses incurred. Borrower grants Bank a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of Banks rights or remedies;

(g)

apply to the Obligations any (i) balances and deposits of Borrower it holds, or (ii) amount held by Bank owing to or for the credit or the account of Borrower;

(h)

ship, reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell the Collateral. For use solely upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Bank is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, Borrowers labels, Patents, Copyrights, mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, Trademarks, and advertising matter, or any similar property as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral and, in connection with Banks exercise of its rights under this Section 8.1, Borrowers rights under all licenses and all franchise agreements inure to Banks benefit;

(i)

place a hold on any account maintained with Bank and/or deliver a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Control Agreement or similar agreements providing control of any Collateral;

(j)

demand and receive possession of Borrowers Books; and

(k)

exercise all rights and remedies available to Bank under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the Code or any Applicable Law (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof).

8.3

Power of Attorney. Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Bank as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, (a) exercisable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to: (i) endorse Borrowers name on any checks, payment instruments, or other forms of payment or security; (ii) sign Borrowers name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors; (iii) demand, collect, sue, and give releases to any Account Debtor for monies due, settle and adjust disputes and claims about the Accounts directly with Account Debtors, and compromise, prosecute, or defend any action, claim, case, or proceeding about any Collateral (including filing a claim or voting a claim in any bankruptcy case in Banks or Borrowers name, as Bank chooses); (iv) make, settle, and adjust all claims under Borrowers insurance policies; (v) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, or other claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate or discharge the same; and (vi) transfer the Collateral into the name of Bank or a third party as the Code permits; and (b) regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred, to sign Borrowers name on any documents necessary to perfect or continue the perfection of Banks security interest in the Collateral. Banks foregoing appointment as Borrowers attorney in fact, and all of Banks rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until such time as all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been satisfied in full, Bank is under no further obligation to make Credit Extensions and the Loan Documents have been terminated. Bank shall not incur any liability in connection with or arising from the exercise of such power of attorney and shall have no obligation to exercise any of the foregoing rights and remedies.

8.4

Protective Payments. If Borrower fails to obtain the insurance called for by Section 5.6 or fails to pay any premium thereon or fails to pay any other amount which Borrower is obligated to pay under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or which may be required to preserve the Collateral, Bank may obtain such insurance or make such payment, and all amounts so paid by Bank are Bank Expenses and immediately due and payable, bearing interest at the then highest rate applicable to the Obligations, and secured by the Collateral. Bank will make reasonable efforts to provide Borrower with notice of Bank obtaining such insurance at the time it is obtained or within a reasonable time thereafter. No payments by Bank are deemed an agreement to make similar payments in the future or Banks waiver of any Event of Default.

8.5

Application of Payments and Proceeds. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Bank may apply any funds in its possession, whether from Borrower account balances, payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection of Accounts or other disposition of the Collateral, or otherwise, to the Obligations in such order as Bank shall determine in its sole discretion. Any surplus shall be paid to Borrower or other Persons legally entitled thereto; Borrower shall remain liable to Bank for any deficiency. If Bank, in its commercially 

21

reasonable discretion, directly or indirectly, enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at any sale of Collateral, Bank shall have the option, exercisable at any time, of either reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of the purchase price or deferring the reduction of the Obligations until the actual receipt by Bank of cash therefor.

8.6

Banks Liability for Collateral. Banks sole duty with respect to the custody, safekeeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession or under its control, under Section 9-207 of the Code or otherwise, shall be to deal with it in the same manner as Bank deals with its own property consisting of similar instruments or interests. Borrower bears all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral.

8.7

No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. Banks failure, at any time or times, to require strict performance by Borrower of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Bank thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. No waiver hereunder shall be effective unless signed by the party granting the waiver and then is only effective for the specific instance and purpose for which it is given. Banks rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative. Bank has all rights and remedies provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. Banks exercise of one right or remedy is not an election and shall not preclude Bank from exercising any other remedy under this Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and Banks waiver of any Event of Default is not a continuing waiver. Banks delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence.

8.8

Demand Waiver. Borrower waives demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, notice of any default, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees held by Bank on which Borrower is liable.

9

NOTICES

All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (a) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by electronic mail; (c) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all charges prepaid; or (d) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the address or email address indicated below; provided that, for clause (b), if such notice, consent, request, approval, demand or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, it shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient. Bank or Borrower may change its mailing or electronic mail address by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this Section 9.

If to Borrower: 

Invivyd, Inc.

1601 Trapelo Road, Suite 178

Waltham, Massachusetts 02451

Attn: William Duke, Jr.

Email: [***] 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Hogan Lovells US LLP

Columbia Square

555 Thirteenth Street, NW

Washington, D.C. 20004

Attn: Edward Purdon

Email: edward.purdon@hoganlovells.com 

If to Bank: 

Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company

53 State Street, 28th Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02109

Attn: John Sansone

Email: JSansone@svb.com 

22

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Morrison & Foerster LLP

200 Clarendon Street, Floor 21

Boston, Massachusetts, 02116

Attn: David A. Ephraim, Esquire

Email: DEphraim@mofo.com 

10

CHOICE OF LAW, VENUE, and JURY TRIAL WAIVER

Except as otherwise expressly provided in any of the Loan Documents, New York law governs the Loan Documents without regard to principles of conflicts of law that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. Borrower and Bank each irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts in New York, New York; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate to preclude Bank from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction with respect to the Loan Documents or to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Bank. Borrower expressly, irrevocably and unconditionally submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Borrower hereby waives personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons, complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to Borrower at the address set forth in, or subsequently provided by Borrower in accordance with, Section 9 of this Agreement and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier to occur of Borrowers actual receipt thereof or three (3) days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER AND BANK EACH WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HERETO HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL.

This Section 10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all Obligations.

11

GENERAL PROVISIONS

11.2

Termination Prior to Maturity Date; Survival. All covenants, representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall continue in full force until this Agreement has terminated pursuant to its terms and all Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations) have been satisfied. So long as Borrower has satisfied the Obligations (other than inchoate indemnity obligations, and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all Obligations, and any Obligations under Bank Services Agreements that are cash collateralized in accordance with Section 3.3 of this Agreement), this Agreement may be terminated prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date by Borrower, effective three (3) Business Days after written notice of termination is given to Bank. Those obligations that are expressly specified in this Agreement as surviving this Agreements termination and the repayment of all Obligations shall continue to survive notwithstanding this Agreements termination and the repayment of all Obligations.

11.3

Successors and Assigns. This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party. Borrower may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without Banks prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in Banks sole discretion) and any other attempted assignment or transfer by Borrower shall be null and void. Bank has the right, without the consent of or notice to Borrower, to sell, transfer, assign, negotiate, or grant participation in all or any part of, or any interest in, Banks obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, Bank shall not assign its interest in the Loan Documents to any Person who in the reasonable estimation of Bank is (a) a direct competitor of Borrower, whether as an operating company or direct or indirect parent with voting control over such operating company or (b) a vulture fund or distressed debt fund.

11.4

Indemnification; Damage Waiver, etc.

23

(a)

General Indemnification. Borrower shall indemnify, defend and hold Bank and its Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of Bank and its Affiliates (each, an Indemnified Person) harmless against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including Bank Expenses and the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnified Person) (collectively, Claims) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Credit Extension or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of hazardous materials on or from any property owned or operated by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any environmental liability related in any way to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by Borrower, Borrowers equity holders, affiliates, creditors or any other person, and regardless of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnified Person, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person. All amounts due under this Section 11.3 shall be payable promptly after demand therefor.

(b)

Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against Bank and its Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of Bank and its Affiliates (each, a Protected Person) , on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) or any loss of profits arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Credit Extension, or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Protected Person shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

This Section 11.3 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all Obligations until all statutes of limitation with respect to the Claims, losses, and expenses for which indemnity is given shall have run.

11.5

Time of Essence. Time is of the essence for the performance of all Obligations in this Agreement.

11.6

Severability of Provisions. Each provision of this Agreement is severable from every other provision in determining the enforceability of any provision.

11.7

Amendments in Writing; Waiver; Integration. No purported amendment or modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or waiver, discharge or termination of any obligation under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, shall be effective unless, and only to the extent, expressly set forth in a writing signed by each party hereto; provided that a Loan Document may otherwise be amended in accordance with its terms. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no oral promise or statement, nor any action, inaction, delay, failure to require performance or course of conduct shall operate as, or evidence, an amendment, supplement or waiver or have any other effect on any Loan Document. Any waiver granted shall be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other circumstance, whether similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence, any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver. The Loan Documents represent the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements. All prior agreements, understandings, representations, warranties, and negotiations between the parties about the subject matter of the Loan Documents merge into the Loan Documents.

11.8

Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by electronic mail transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

11.9

Confidentiality. Bank agrees to maintain the confidentiality of Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to Banks Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their respective employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors (collectively, Representatives and, together with Bank, collectively, Bank Entities); (b) to prospective transferees, assignees, credit providers or 

24

purchasers of Banks interests under or in connection with this Agreement and their Representatives (provided, however, any such prospective transferee, assignee, credit provider, purchaser or their Representatives shall have entered into an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those in this Section 11.8); (c) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order; (d) to Banks regulators or as otherwise required or requested in connection with Banks examination or audit; (e) in connection with the exercise of remedies under the Loan Documents or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; and (f) to third-party service providers of Bank so long as such service providers have executed a confidentiality agreement with Bank with terms no less restrictive than those contained herein. Information means all information received from Borrower regarding Borrower or its business, in each case other than information that is either: (i) in the public domain or in Banks possession when disclosed to Bank, or becomes part of the public domain (other than as a result of its disclosure by Bank in violation of this Agreement) after disclosure to Bank; or (ii) disclosed to Bank by a third party, if Bank does not know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information.

11.10

Electronic Execution of Documents. The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in any Loan Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

11.11

Right of Setoff. Borrower hereby grants to Bank a Lien and a right of setoff as security for all Obligations to Bank, whether now existing or hereafter arising upon and against all deposits, credits, collateral and property, now or hereafter in the possession, custody, safekeeping or control of Bank or any entity under the control of Bank (including a subsidiary of Bank) or in transit to any of them, and other obligations owing to Bank or any such entity. At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, without demand or notice, Bank may setoff the same or any part thereof and apply the same to any liability or Obligation of Borrower even though unmatured and regardless of the adequacy of any other collateral securing the Obligations. ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO REQUIRE BANK TO EXERCISE ITS RIGHTS OR REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY OTHER COLLATERAL WHICH SECURES THE OBLIGATIONS, PRIOR TO EXERCISING ITS RIGHT OF SETOFF WITH RESPECT TO SUCH DEPOSITS, CREDITS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF BORROWER, ARE HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVED.

11.12

Captions and Section References. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. Unless indicated otherwise, section references herein are to sections of this Agreement.

11.13

Construction of Agreement. The parties hereto mutually acknowledge that they and their attorneys have participated in the preparation and negotiation of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties caused the uncertainty to exist.

11.14

Relationship. The relationship of the parties to this Agreement is determined solely by the provisions of this Agreement. The parties do not intend to create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust, fiduciary or other relationship with duties or incidents different from those of parties to an arms-length contract.

11.15

Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: (a) confer any benefits, rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any Persons other than the express parties to it and their respective permitted successors and assigns; (b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any Person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any Person not an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement.

11.16

Anti-Terrorism Law. Bank hereby notifies Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of Anti-Terrorism Law, Bank may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information may include the name and address of Borrower and other information that will allow Bank to identify Borrower in accordance with Anti-Terrorism Law. Borrower hereby agrees to take any action necessary to enable Bank to comply with the requirements of Anti-Terrorism Law.

11.17

Online Banking Platform. If Borrower uses Banks online banking platform in connection with this Agreement, Borrower agrees to be bound by and comply with the applicable online banking terms and conditions and related online banking documents as in effect from time to time. The online banking terms and conditions may be provided as hyperlinks or click-through agreements on the website, which may be updated from time to time. 

25

Continued use of Banks online banking platform shall constitute Borrowers acceptance of the applicable terms and conditions. Borrower is solely responsible for any of Borrowers employees or agents compliance with the online banking terms and conditions and shall ensure that (a) all persons utilizing Banks online banking platform in connection with this Agreement, including the Administrator and other users added by them, have all relevant authority to perform the specified roles and functions on Borrowers behalf, and (b) any use of Banks online banking platform in connection with this Agreement complies with the terms of this Agreement. Bank shall be entitled to assume the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of any information, instruction or request for a Credit Extension submitted via Banks online banking platform and to further assume that any submissions or requests made via Banks online banking platform have been duly authorized by an Administrator and are otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

12

accounting terms and other DEFINITIONS

12.2

Accounting and Other Terms.

(a)

Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall be construed following GAAP. Calculations and determinations must be made following GAAP (except for with respect to unaudited financial statements for the absence of footnotes and subject to year-end audit adjustments), provided that if at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either Borrower or Bank shall so request, Borrower and Bank shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided, further, that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) Borrower shall provide Bank financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any obligations of a Person that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards Update (the ASU) shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions, calculations and covenants for purpose of this Agreement (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as capitalized lease obligations in accordance with GAAP (for the avoidance of doubt, other than for purposes of the delivery of financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP). Notwithstanding the foregoing, all financial covenants and other financial calculations shall be computed with respect to Borrower only, and not on a consolidated basis. 

(b)

As used in the Loan Documents: (i) the words shall or will are mandatory, the word may is permissive, the word or is not exclusive, the words includes and including are not limiting, the singular includes the plural, and numbers denoting amounts that are set off in brackets are negative; (ii) the term continuing in the context of an Event of Default means that the Event of Default has not been remedied (if capable of being remedied) or waived; and (iii) whenever a representation or warranty is made to Borrowers knowledge or awareness, to the best of Borrowers knowledge, or with a similar qualification, knowledge or awareness means the actual knowledge, after reasonable investigation, of any Responsible Officer.

12.3

Definitions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 12.2. All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

Account is, as to any Person, any account of such Person as account is defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to such Person.

Account Debtor is any account debtor as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.

Account Threshold is defined in Section 5.7(a).

Administrator is an individual that is named:

26

(a) as an Administrator or similar role in the online banking enrollment form or related documents completed by Borrower with the authority to determine who will be authorized to use Banks online banking platform on behalf of Borrower in connection with this Agreement; and

(b) as an Authorized Signer of Borrower in an approval by the Board.

Affiliate is, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls directly or indirectly the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Persons senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Persons managers and members.

Agreement is defined in the preamble hereof.

Anti-Terrorism Law means any law relating to terrorism or money-laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224 and the USA Patriot Act.

Applicable Law means all applicable provisions of constitutions, laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, treaties, regulations, permits, licenses, approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities and all orders and decrees of all courts and arbitrators, including the Corporate Transparency Act.

ASU is defined in Section 12.1(a).

Authorized Signer means any individual listed in Borrowers Borrowing Resolution who is authorized to execute the Loan Documents, including making (and executing if applicable) any Credit Extension request, on behalf of Borrower.

Bank is defined in the preamble hereof.

Bank Entities is defined in Section 11.8.

Bank Expenses are all audit fees, costs and reasonable expenses (including reasonable, out-of-pocket and documented attorneys fees and expenses) for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise incurred with respect to Borrower or any Guarantor.

Bank Services are any products, credit services, and/or financial accommodations previously, now, or hereafter provided to Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by Bank or any Bank Affiliate, including, without limitation, any letters of credit, cash management services (including, without limitation, merchant services, direct deposit of payroll, business credit cards, and check cashing services), interest rate swap arrangements, and foreign exchange services as any such products or services may be identified in Banks various agreements related thereto (each, a Bank Services Agreement).

Bank Services Agreement is defined in the definition of Bank Services.

Board is Borrowers board of directors or equivalent governing body.

Borrower is set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

Borrowers Books are all Borrowers books and records including ledgers, federal and state tax returns, records regarding Borrowers assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage or any equipment containing such information.

Borrowing Resolutions are, with respect to any Person, those resolutions adopted by such Persons board of directors (and, if required under the terms of such Persons Operating Documents, stockholders) and delivered by such Person to Bank approving the Loan Documents to which such Person is a party and the transactions contemplated thereby, together with a certificate executed by its secretary on behalf of such Person certifying (a) such Person has the authority to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (b) that set forth as a part of or attached as an exhibit to such certificate is a true, correct, and complete copy of the resolutions then in full force and effect authorizing and ratifying the execution, delivery, and performance by such

27

Person of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) the name(s) of the Person(s) authorized to execute the Loan Documents, including making (and executing if applicable) any Credit Extension request, on behalf of such Person, together with a sample of the true signature(s) of such Person(s), and (d) that Bank may conclusively rely on such certificate unless and until such Person shall have delivered to Bank a further certificate canceling or amending such prior certificate.

Business Day is a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in the State of California are authorized or required by law to close, except that if any determination of a Business Day shall relate to an FX Contract, the term Business Day shall also mean a day on which dealings are carried on in the country of settlement of the Foreign Currency.

Calculation Date is defined in the definition of Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee.

Cash Burn means, as of any date of determination, expressed as a positive number, (a) Borrowers quarterly, as determined as of the most recent fiscal quarter then-ended, (i) Net Income, plus, to the extent deducted in the calculation of Net Income, (ii) depreciation and amortization expense, (ii) non-cash stock compensation, (iii) non-cash prepaid expenses and (iv) other one-time expenses, as approved by Bank in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, each as determined in accordance with GAAP, multiplied by (b) two (2).

Cash Equivalents are (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than one (1) year from the date of acquisition; (b) commercial paper maturing no more than one (1) year after its creation and having the highest rating from either Standard & Poors Ratings Group or Moodys Investors Service, Inc.; (c) Banks certificates of deposit issued maturing no more than one (1) year after issue; and (d) money market funds at least 95.0% of the assets of which constitute Cash Equivalents of the kinds described in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition.

Change in Control means (a) at any time, any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), shall become, or obtain rights (whether by means of warrants, options or otherwise) to become, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 49.0 % or more of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors, partners, managers and members, as applicable, of Borrower (determined on a fully diluted basis) other than by the sale of Borrowers equity securities in a public offering or to venture capital or private equity investors so long as Borrower identifies to Bank the venture capital or private equity investors at least seven (7) Business Days prior to the closing of the transaction and provides to Bank a description of the material terms of the transaction; (b) during any period of 12consecutive months, a majority of the members of the Board of Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body; or (c) at any time, Borrower shall cease to own and control, of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100.0% of each class of outstanding stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities of each Subsidiary of Borrower free and clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens).

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Effective Date, of: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty; (b) any change in Applicable Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority; or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Claims is defined in Section 11.3.

Code is the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York; provided, that, to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan

28

Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern; provided further, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Banks Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction other than in the State of New York, the term Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.

Collateral consists of all of Borrowers right, title and interest in and to the following personal property:

(a)

(i) all goods, Accounts (including health-care receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles (except as provided below), commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, securities accounts, securities entitlements and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and (ii) all Borrowers Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements, products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.

(b)

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral does not include (i) consents, authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, franchises, permits, certificates, accreditations, registrations, filings or notice (collectively, Approvals) issued by or from any governmental or regulatory authority if granting a security interest or Lien thereon is prohibited or would expose Borrower to the risk of termination, revocation or any similar result with respect to such Governmental Approval; provided, however, that upon termination of such prohibition, such interest shall immediately become Collateral without any action by Borrower or Bank, (ii) rights held under a license that are not assignable by their terms without the consent of the licensor thereof (but only to the extent such restriction on assignment is enforceable under applicable law), (iii) any interest of Borrower as a lessee under an Equipment lease if Borrower is prohibited by the terms of such lease from granting a security interest in such lease or under which such an assignment or Lien would cause a default to occur under such lease; provided, however, that upon termination of such prohibition, such interest shall immediately become Collateral without any action by Borrower or Bank, (iv) any interest of Borrower as a lessee or sublessee under a real property lease, (v) any intent-to-use Trademarks or applications therefor, unless and until acceptable evidence of use of the Trademark has been filed with and accepted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office pursuant to Section 1(c) or Section 1(d) of the Lanham Act (15 U.S.C. 1051, et seq.), or (vi) any Intellectual Property; provided, however, the Collateral shall include all Accounts and all proceeds of Intellectual Property. If a judicial authority (including a U.S. Bankruptcy Court) would hold that a security interest in the underlying Intellectual Property is necessary to have a security interest in such Accounts and such property that are proceeds of Intellectual Property, then the Collateral shall automatically, and effective as of the Effective Date, include the Intellectual Property to the extent necessary to permit perfection of Banks security interest in such Accounts and such other property of Borrower that are proceeds of the Intellectual Property.

(c)

Pursuant to the terms of Section 6.5, Borrower has agreed not to encumber any of its Intellectual Property without Banks prior written consent.

Collateral Account is any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account.

Commodity Account is any commodity account as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.

Compliance Statement is that certain statement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

Contingent Obligation is, for any Person, any direct or indirect liability of that Person for (a) any direct or indirect guaranty by such Person of any indebtedness, lease, dividend, letter of credit, credit card or other obligation of another, (b) any other obligation endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (c) any obligations for undrawn letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (d) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or

29

collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices; but Contingent Obligation does not include endorsements in the ordinary course of business. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability for it determined by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee or other support arrangement.

Control Agreement is any control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which Borrower maintains a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which Borrower maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity Account, Borrower, and Bank pursuant to which Bank obtains control (within the meaning of the Code) over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account.

Copyrights are any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections in each work of authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret.

Credit Extension is any Term Loan Advance or any other extension of credit by Bank for Borrowers benefit.

Currency is coined money and such other banknotes or other paper money as are authorized by law and circulate as a medium of exchange.

Default means any event which with notice or passage of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default.

Default Rate is defined in Section 1.2(c).

Deposit Account is any deposit account as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.

Designated Deposit Account is the deposit account established by Borrower with Bank for purposes of receiving Credit Extensions.

Division means, in reference to any Person which is an entity, the division of such Person into two (2) or more separate Persons, with the dividing Person either continuing or terminating its existence as part of such division, including, without limitation, as contemplated under Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act for limited liability companies formed under Delaware law, Section 17-220 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act for limited partnerships formed under Delaware law, or any analogous action taken pursuant to any other Applicable Law with respect to any corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.

Dollars, dollars or use of the sign $ means only lawful money of the United States and not any other currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the $ sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful money of the United States.

Dollar Equivalent is, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent amount therefor in Dollars as determined by Bank at such time on the basis of the then-prevailing rate of exchange in San Francisco, California, for sales of the Foreign Currency for transfer to the country issuing such Foreign Currency.

Draw Period A is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Draw Period A End Date is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Draw Period B is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Draw Period C is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Draw Period Extension Event is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

30

Dutch Subsidiary is Invivyd Netherlands B.V, an entity organized under the laws of the Netherlands and a Subsidiary of Borrower.

EBITDA shall mean, (a) Net Income, plus (b) to the extent deducted in the calculation of Net Income (i) Interest Expense, (ii) depreciation expense and amortization expense, (iii) income tax expense, (iv) non-cash stock compensation, (v) extraordinary one-time expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed the lesser of (A) 10.0% of total EBITDA and (B) $1,000,000.00, and (vi) other one-time expenses, as approved by Bank in writing in its sole and absolute discretion .

Effective Date is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Environmental Laws means any Applicable Law (including any permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions) relating to pollution or the protection of health, safety or the environment or the release of any materials into the environment (including those related to hazardous materials, air emissions, discharges to waste or public systems and health and safety matters).

Equipment is all equipment as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all machinery, fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing.

ERISA is the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and its regulations.

Event of Default is defined in Section 7.

Exchange Act is the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to Bank or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to Bank, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of Bank being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of Bank with respect to an applicable interest in a Credit Extension pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) Bank acquires such interest in the Credit Extensions or (ii) Bank changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 1.6, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to Banks assignor immediately before Bank became a party hereto or to Bank immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to Banks failure to comply with Section 1.6(e), and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Internal Revenue Code.

FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration, and any successor thereto.

Final Payment is a payment (in addition to and not a substitution for the regular monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest) due on the earliest to occur of (a) the Term Loan Maturity Date, (b) the repayment of the Term Loan Advances in full, (c) as required pursuant to Sections 1.1(c) or 1.1(d), or (d) the termination of this Agreement, in an amount equal to the original aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan Advances extended by Bank to Borrower multiplied by 4.50%.

Financial Statement Repository is (a) Banks e-mail address specified in Section 9, or (b) such other means of collecting information approved and designated by Bank after providing notice thereof to Borrower from time to time.

Foreign Currency is the lawful money of a country other than the United States.

31

Funding Date is any date on which a Credit Extension is made to or for the account of Borrower which shall be a Business Day.

FX Contract is any foreign exchange contract by and between Borrower and Bank under which Borrower commits to purchase from or sell to Bank a specific amount of Foreign Currency at a set price or on a specified date.

GAAP is generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination.

General Intangibles is all general intangibles as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all Intellectual Property, claims, income and other tax refunds, security and other deposits, payment intangibles, contract rights, options to purchase or sell real or personal property, rights in all litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including without limitation key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of insurance and rights to payment of any kind.

Governmental Approval is any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, Healthcare Permits.

Governmental Authority is any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization.

Guarantor is any Person providing a Guaranty in favor of Bank. For the avoidance of doubt, as of the Effective Date, there is no Guarantor in connection with this Agreement.

Guaranty is any guarantee of all or any part of the Obligations, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented.

Healthcare Laws means all applicable laws relating to the operation or management of hospitalist practices, the provision of hospitalist services, proper billing and collection practices relating to the payment for healthcare services, insurance law (including law related to payment for no-fault claims) and workers compensation law as they relate to the provision of, and billing and payment for, healthcare services, patient healthcare, patient healthcare information, patient abuse, the quality and adequacy of rehabilitative care, rate setting, equipment, personnel, operating policies, fee splitting, including, without limitation, (a) all federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)), the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. 1395nn), the civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), the administrative False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), the Anti-Inducement Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a(a)(5)), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7); (b) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009; (c) the Medicare Regulations and the Medicaid Program (Title XIX of the Social Security Act); (d) quality, safety and accreditation standards and requirements of all applicable state laws or regulatory bodies; (e) all laws, policies, procedures, requirements and regulations pursuant to which Healthcare Permits are issued; (f) any laws, regulations or administrative guidance with respect to fee splitting by healthcare professionals and the corporate practice of medicine in any jurisdiction in which any Borrower or any Guarantor operates; and (g) any and all comparable state or local laws and other applicable health care laws, regulations, manual provisions, policies and administrative guidance, each of (a) through (g) as may be amended from time to time and the regulations promulgated pursuant to each such law.

Healthcare Permit means, with respect to any Person, a permit issued or required under Healthcare Laws applicable to the business of Borrower or any Guarantor, or necessary in the testing, possession, manufacture, ownership, warehousing, marketing, promoting, sale, labeling, furnishing, distribution or delivery of goods or services under Healthcare Laws applicable to the business of Borrower or any Guarantor.

32

HIPAA means, collectively, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic Clinical Health (HITECH) Act and the implementing regulations thereto.

Indebtedness is (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred price of property or services, such as reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds, letters of credit and credit cards, (b) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (c) capital lease obligations, (d) Contingent Obligations and (e) other short- and long-term obligations under debt agreements, lines of credit and extensions of credit.

Indemnified Person is defined in Section 11.3.

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Information is defined in Section 11.8.

Insolvency Proceeding is any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, extensions generally with its creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, receivership or other relief.

Intellectual Property means, with respect to any Person, all of such Persons right, title, and interest in and to the following:

(a)

its Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents; 

(b)

any and all trade secrets and trade secret rights, including, without limitation, any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how and operating manuals;

(c)

any and all source code;

(d)

any and all design rights which may be available to such Person;

(e)

any and all claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement of the Intellectual Property rights identified above; and

(f)

all amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents.

Interest Expense means for any fiscal period, interest expense (whether cash or non-cash) determined in accordance with GAAP for the relevant period ending on such date, including, in any event, interest expense with respect to any Credit Extension and other Indebtedness of Borrower, including, without limitation or duplication, all commissions, discounts, or related amortization and other fees and charges with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and the net costs associated with interest rate swap, cap, and similar arrangements, and the interest portion of any deferred payment obligation (including leases of all types).

Interest-Only Milestone Event is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Internal Revenue Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, each as amended or modified from time to time.

Inventory is all inventory as defined in the Code in effect on the date hereof with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation all merchandise, raw materials, parts, supplies, packing and shipping materials, work in process and finished products, including without limitation such inventory as is temporarily out of Borrowers custody or possession or in transit and including any returned goods and any documents of title representing any of the above.

33

Investment is any beneficial ownership interest in any Person (including stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities), and any loan, advance or capital contribution to any Person.

Key Person is each of Borrowers (i) Chief Financial Officer, who is William Duke, Jr. as of the Effective Date, (ii) Chief Legal Officer, who is Jill Andersen as of the Effective Date, (iii) Chief Scientific Officer, who is Robert Allen as of the Effective Date, and (iv) Chief Commercial Officer, who is Timothy Lee as of the Effective Date.

Letter of Credit is a standby or commercial letter of credit issued by Bank upon request of Borrower based upon an application, guarantee, indemnity, or similar agreement.

Lien is a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, attachment charge, pledge, hypothecation, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property.

Loan Documents are, collectively, this Agreement and any schedules, exhibits, certificates, notices, and any other documents related to this Agreement, the Perfection Certificate, the Stock Pledge Agreement, any Control Agreement, any Bank Services Agreement, any subordination agreement, any note, or notes or guaranties executed by Borrower or any Guarantor, landlord waivers and consents, bailee waivers and consents, and any other present or future agreement by Borrower and/or any Guarantor with or for the benefit of Bank in connection with this Agreement or Bank Services, all as amended, restated, or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof.

Material Adverse Change is (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of Banks Lien in the Collateral or in the value of such Collateral; (b) a material adverse change in the business, operations, or condition (financial or otherwise) of Borrower; (c) a material impairment of the prospect of repayment of any portion of the Obligations; or (d) Bank determines, based upon information available to it and in its reasonable judgment, that there is a likelihood that Borrower shall fail to comply with one or more of the financial covenants in Section 5 during the next succeeding financial reporting period.

Minimum Cash means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate amount of Borrowers unrestricted and unencumbered cash and Cash Equivalents in accounts in the name of Borrower maintained with Bank or Banks Affiliates, plus (b) the aggregate amount of Borrowers unrestricted and unencumbered cash maintained in accounts subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Bank, provided that (i) Bank has a first priority perfected security interest in the amounts held in such accounts and (ii) such accounts are permitted to be maintained pursuant to Section 5.7(a).

Minimum Cash Threshold means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (a)(i) Cash Burn as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances and (b)(i) the aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances, multiplied by (ii) two (2).

Minimum Cash Trigger Event means the date on which Borrower has failed to maintain active sales of a product under emergency use authorization, biologics license application, and/or any other approval by approval by the FDA, as determined by Bank in its sole and absolute discretion.

Net Income means, for any period as at any date of determination, the net profit (or loss), after provision for taxes, of Borrower for such period taken as a single accounting period.

Net Product Revenue means, for any period as at any date of determination, net revenue, determined in accordance with GAAP, attributable to Borrowers sales of a commercial product.

Obligations are Borrowers obligations to pay when due any debts, principal, interest, fees, Bank Expenses, the Prepayment Fee, the Final Payment, the Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee and other amounts Borrower owes Bank now or later, whether under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise, including, without limitation, all obligations relating to Bank Services and interest accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin and debts, liabilities, or obligations of Borrower assigned to Bank, and to perform Borrowers duties under the Loan Documents.

OFAC is the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury and any successor thereto.

34

Operating Documents are, for any Person, such Persons formation documents, as certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent agency) of such Persons jurisdiction of organization on a date that is no earlier than 30 days prior to the Effective Date, and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement (or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership or limited partnership, its partnership agreement or limited partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing with all current amendments or modifications thereto.

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to Bank, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between Bank and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from Bank having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Credit Extension or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment.

Patents means all patents, patent applications and like protections including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same.

Payment/Advance Form is that certain form in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

Payment Date is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Perfection Certificate is the Perfection Certificate delivered by Borrower in connection with this Agreement.

Permitted Account and Permitted Accounts are each defined in Section 5.7(a).

Permitted Credit Cards is defined in clause (f) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness.

Permitted Dutch Accounts is defined in Section 5.7(a).

Permitted Indebtedness is:

(a)

Borrowers Indebtedness to Bank under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents;

(b)

Indebtedness existing on the Effective Date which is shown on the Perfection Certificate (other than the Permitted Credit Cards);

(c)

Subordinated Debt;

(d)

unsecured Indebtedness to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(e)

Indebtedness incurred as a result of endorsing negotiable instruments received in the ordinary course of business;

(f)

Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under clauses (a) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens hereunder;

(g)

Indebtedness consisting of the financing of insurance premiums, provided such financing arrangement has been approved in writing by Bank;

(h)

to the extent constituting Indebtedness, Permitted Investments;

(i)

extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments and restatements of any items of Permitted Indebtedness (a) through (h) above, provided that the principal amount thereof is not increased or the terms thereof are not modified to impose more burdensome terms upon Borrower or its Subsidiary, as the case may be; and 

35

(j)

royalty and milestone payments of Borrower to Adimab, LLC under that certain (i) Assignment and License Agreement dated as of July 8, 2020, by and between Borrower and Adimab, LLC and (ii) Collaboration Agreement dated as of May 21, 2021 (as amended by Amendment Number One, dated as of November 18, 2022, and Amendment Number Two, dated as of September 19, 2023), by and between Borrower and Adimab, LLC;

(k)

unsecured Indebtedness in connection with Borrowers business credit cards with financial institutions other than Bank in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000.00 outstanding at any time (the Permitted Credit Cards); 

(l)

intercompany Indebtedness (i) between or among a Borrower or secured Guarantor and another Borrower or secured Guarantor and (ii) owing from a Subsidiary that is not a Borrower or secured Guarantor to a Borrower or secured Guarantor in an aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000.00 at any time outstanding; and 

(m)

other unsecured Indebtedness not otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 (specifically excluding any Indebtedness with respect to letters of credit and business credit cards) not exceeding $250,000.00 in the aggregate outstanding at any time.

Permitted Investments are:

(a)

Investments (including, without limitation, Subsidiaries) existing on the Effective Date which are shown on the Perfection Certificate; 

(b)

(i) Investments consisting of Cash Equivalents,; and (ii) any Investments permitted by Borrowers investment policy, as amended from time to time, provided that such investment policy (and any such amendment thereto) has been approved in writing by Bank; 

(c)

subject to compliance with Section 5.7(a) hereof, cash Investments by Borrower in Securities Corp.; provided that an Event of Default does not exist at the time of any such Investment, and would not exist after giving effect to any such Investment;

(d)

Investments consisting of deposit accounts (but only to the extent that Borrower is permitted to maintain such accounts pursuant to Section 5.7 of this Agreement) in which Bank has a first priority perfected security interest (to the extent required pursuant to Section 5.7 of this Agreement);

(e)

Investments accepted in connection with Transfers permitted by Section 6.1;

(f)

Investments consisting of the endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business of Borrower;

(g)

Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee loans and advances in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers, directors, partners, managers and members relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee equity purchase plans or similar agreements approved by the Board;

(h)

Investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of customers or suppliers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers or suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;

(i)

Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the ordinary course of business; provided that this paragraph (i) shall not apply to Investments of Borrower in any Subsidiary;

(j)

Investments (i) by Subsidiaries that are not secured Guarantors or a Borrower in (A) other Subsidiaries that are not a secured Guarantor or a Borrower or (B) a Borrower or a secured Guarantor, (ii) by Borrower or a secured Guarantor in a Borrower or a secured Guarantor, and (iii) by Borrower or a secured Guarantor in Subsidiaries that are not a Borrower or a secured Guarantor for the ordinary, necessary and current operating expenses of such Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $350,000.00 in any fiscal year; 

36

(k)

joint ventures or strategic alliances in the ordinary course of Borrowers business consisting of the non-exclusive licensing of technology, the development of technology or the providing of technical support, provided that any cash investments by Borrower do not exceed $250,000.00 in the aggregate in any fiscal year; and

(l)

other Investments not otherwise permitted by Section 6.7 not exceeding $250,000.00 in the aggregate in any fiscal year.

Permitted Liens are:

(a)

Liens existing on the Effective Date which are shown on the Perfection Certificate or arising under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents;

(b)

Liens for taxes, fees, assessments or other government charges or levies, either (i) not due and payable or (ii) being contested in good faith and for which Borrower maintains adequate reserves on Borrowers Books, provided that no notice of any such Lien has been filed or recorded under the Internal Revenue Code;

(c)

purchase money Liens (i) on Equipment acquired or held by Borrower incurred for financing the acquisition of the Equipment securing no more than $100,000.00 in the aggregate amount outstanding, or (ii) existing on Equipment when acquired, if the Lien is confined to the property and improvements and the proceeds of the Equipment; 

(d)

Liens incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the Indebtedness secured by Liens described in (a) through (c), but any extension, renewal or replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the indebtedness may not increase;

(e)

Liens of carriers, warehousemen, suppliers, or other Persons that are possessory in nature arising in the ordinary course of business so long as such Liens attach only to Inventory, securing liabilities in the aggregate amount not to exceed $250,000.00 and which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject thereto;

(f)

Liens to secure payment of workers compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions, social security and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA);

(g)

easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person;

(h)

leases or subleases of real property granted in the ordinary course of Borrowers business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Persons business), and leases, subleases, non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of personal property (other than Intellectual Property) granted in the ordinary course of Borrowers business (or, if referring to another Person, in the ordinary course of such Persons business), if the leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses do not prohibit granting Bank a security interest therein;

(i)

Liens in favor of customs or revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods;

(j)

non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business and licenses of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of Borrowers business that could not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed property that may be exclusive in respects other than territory and that may be exclusive as to territory only as to discrete geographical areas outside of the United States;

(k)

Liens arising from attachments or judgments, orders, or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Event of Default under Sections 7.4 and 7.7; and

37

(l)

customary Liens of any bank in connection with statutory, common law and contractual rights of setoff and recoupment with respect to any deposit account or securities account of Borrower, provided that (i) Bank has a first priority perfected security interest in such account and (ii) such account is permitted to be maintained pursuant to Section 5.7 of this Agreement.

Permitted Swiss Accounts is defined in Section 5.7(a).

Person is any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency.

Prepayment Fee shall be an additional fee, payable to Bank, with respect to each Term Loan Advance, in an amount equal to:

(a)

for a prepayment of the Term Loan Advances made on or prior to the first (1st) anniversary of the Effective Date, 3.0% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Advances immediately prior to the date of such prepayment;

(b)

for a prepayment of the Term Loan Advances made after the first (1st) anniversary of the Effective Date, but on or prior to the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Date, 2.0% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Advances immediately prior to the date of such prepayment; 

(c)

for a prepayment of the Term Loan Advances made after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Date, but prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, 1.0% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Advances immediately prior to the date of such prepayment; and 

(d)

for a prepayment of the Term Loan Advances made after the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date, 0.0% of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Advances immediately prior to the date of such prepayment. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, provided no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Prepayment Fee shall be waived by Bank, if Bank closes on the refinance and redocumentation of the Term Loan Advances (in its sole and absolute discretion) prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date.

Prime Rate is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Prime Rate Margin is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Protected Person is defined in Section 11.3.

Registered Organization is any registered organization as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.

Repayment Schedule is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Representatives is defined in Section 11.8.

Responsible Officer is any of the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Controller of Borrower.

Restricted License is any material license or other material agreement with respect to which Borrower is the licensee (a) that prohibits or otherwise restricts Borrower from granting a security interest in Borrowers interest in such license or agreement or any other property, or (b) for which a default under or termination of could interfere with Banks right to sell any Collateral.

Sanctioned Person means a Person that: (a) is listed on any Sanctions list maintained by OFAC or any similar Sanctions list maintained by any other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Borrower; (b) is located, organized, or resident in any country, territory, or region that is the subject or target of Sanctions; or (c) is 50.0% or more owned or controlled by one (1) or more Persons described in clauses (a) and (b) hereof.

38

Sanctions means the economic sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes or restrictive measures administered, enacted or enforced by the United States government and any of its agencies, including, without limitation, OFAC and the U.S. State Department, or any other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over Borrower.

SEC is the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto, and any analogous Governmental Authority.

Securities Account is any securities account as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made.

Securities Corp. is Invivyd Security Corporation, a corporation organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and a Subsidiary of Borrower.

Stock Pledge Agreement means that certain stock pledge agreement executed by Borrower in favor of Bank dated as of the Effective Date, as may be amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time.

Subordinated Debt is indebtedness incurred by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries subordinated to all of Borrowers or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter indebtedness to Bank (pursuant to a subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Bank entered into between Bank and the other creditor), on terms acceptable to Bank.

Subsidiary is, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities having ordinary voting power (other than stock, partnership, membership, or other ownership interest or other equity securities having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to a Subsidiary herein shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower or Guarantor.

Swiss Subsidiary is Invivyd Switzerland GmbH, an entity organized under the laws of Switzerland and a Subsidiary of Borrower.

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term A Loan Advance and Term A Loan Advances are each defined in Section 1.1 of this Agreement.

Term A Loan Availability Amount is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Term B Loan Advance and Term B Loan Advances are each defined in Section 1.1 of this Agreement.

Term B Loan Availability Amount is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Term B Milestone Event is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Term C Loan Advance and Term C Loan Advances are each defined in Section 1.1 of this Agreement.

Term C Loan Availability Amount is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Term C Milestone Event is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Term Loan Advance and Term Loan Advances are each defined in Section 1.1 of this Agreement.

Term Loan Amortization Date is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

Term Loan Maturity Date is set forth on Schedule I hereto.

39

Testing Event #1 means the date on which Borrower has requested and Bank has made a Term Loan Advance.

Testing Event #2 means the earlier to occur of (a) December 31, 2025 and (b) the date on which the aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances exceeds $15,000,000.00.

Trademarks means, with respect to any Person, any trademark and servicemark rights, whether registered or not, applications to register and registrations of the same and like protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of such Person connected with and symbolized by such trademarks.

Transfer is defined in Section 6.1.

Transition Period is the period of time commencing on the Effective Date, and ending on the earlier to occur of (a) July 17, 2025 and (b) an Event of Default.

Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee is a payment (in addition to and not a substitution for the regular monthly payments of principal plus accrued interest) in an amount equal to (a) the aggregate amount of the Term Loan Advances available to Borrower pursuant to Section 1.1(a), multiplied by (b) one percent (1.0%), due and payable on the earliest to occur of (1) July 1, 2027, (2) the occurrence of an Event of Default, or (3) the termination of this Agreement (the earliest to occur of (1) through (3), the Calculation Date); provided that, the Unused Term Loan Commitment Fee shall be waived if the Borrower has requested and the Bank has made a Term Loan Advance prior to the Calculation Date.

USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56, signed into law on October 26, 2001), as amended from time to time.

[Signature page follows]

40

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.

BORROWER:

INVIVYD, INC.

By:/s/ William Duke, Jr.

Name: William Duke, Jr.

Title: Chief Financial Officer

BANK:

FIRST-CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ John Sansone

Name: John Sansone

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Loan and Security Agreement

SCHEDULE I

LSA PROVISIONS

LSA Section 

LSA Provision

1.1(a) Term Loan Availability 

Each Term Loan Advance must be in an amount equal to at least $5,000,000.00. After repayment, no Term Loan Advance (or any portion thereof) may be reborrowed.

1.1(b) Term Loan Repayment 

Commencing on the Term Loan Amortization Date and continuing on each Payment Date thereafter, Borrower shall repay each Term Loan Advance in (i) consecutive equal monthly installments of principal according to the Repayment Schedule, plus (ii) monthly payments of accrued interest at the rate set forth in Section 1.2(b)(i).

1.2(a) Interest Payments Term Loan Advances 

Interest on the principal amount of each Term Loan Advance is payable in arrears (A) monthly on each Payment Date commencing on the first Payment Date following the Funding Date of each such Term Loan Advance, (B) on the date of any prepayment and (C) on the Term Loan Maturity Date.

1.2(b)(i) Interest Rate Term Loan Advances 

The outstanding principal amount of any Term Loan Advance shall accrue interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) 6.0% and (2) the Prime Rate minus the Prime Rate Margin (provided that such interest rate shall not exceed 9.0%), which interest shall be payable in accordance with Section 1.2(a).

1.2(e) Interest Computation 

Interest shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a 360-day year.

12.2 Draw Period A 

Draw Period A is the period commencing on August 15, 2025 and ending on the Draw Period A End Date.

12.2 Draw Period A End Date 

Draw Period A End Date means December 31, 2026, which shall be extended to June 30, 2027 upon the occurrence of the Draw Period Extension Event.

12.2 Draw Period B 

Draw Period B is the period commencing upon the occurrence of the Term B Milestone Event and ending on June 30, 2027.

12.2 Draw Period C 

Draw Period C is the period commencing upon the occurrence of the Term C Milestone Event and ending on June 30, 2027.

12.2 Draw Period Extension Event 

Draw Period Extension Event occurs if and when (if ever) Borrower has provided Bank with evidence, satisfactory to Bank in its sole and absolute discretion, on or prior to the Term Loan Amortization Date, that (a) the Term B Milestone Event has occurred and (b) the Term C Milestone Event has occurred.

12.2 Effective Date 

Effective Date is April 18, 2025.

12.2 Interest-Only Milestone Event 

Interest-Only Milestone Event occurs if and when (if ever) Borrower has provided Bank with evidence, satisfactory to Bank in its sole and absolute discretion, on or prior to March 31, 2027, that (a) the Term B Milestone Event has occurred and (b) Borrower is in pro forma covenant compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 5.8 of this Agreement.

12.2 Payment Date 

Payment Date is the first (1st) calendar day of each month.

12.2 Prime Rate 

Prime Rate is the rate of interest per annum from time to time published in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal or any successor publication thereto as the prime rate then in effect; provided that if such rate of interest, as set forth from time to time in the money rates section of The Wall Street Journal, becomes unavailable for any reason as determined by Bank, the Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest per annum

I-1

announced by Bank as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in the State of North Carolina (such Bank announced Prime Rate not being intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by Bank in connection with extensions of credit to debtors); provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than zero percent (0.0%) per annum, such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.0%) per annum for purposes of this Agreement.

12.2 Prime Rate Margin 

Prime Rate Margin is one quarter of one percent (0.25%).

12.2 Repayment Schedule 

Repayment Schedule means the period of time equal to 24 consecutive calendar months, which period of time shall be reduced to 12 consecutive calendar months upon the occurrence of the Interest-Only Milestone Event.

12.2 Term A Loan Availability Amount 

Term A Loan Availability Amount is an aggregate principal amount equal to $10,000,000.00.

12.2 Term B Loan Availability Amount 

Term B Loan Availability Amount is an aggregate principal amount equal to $10,000,000.00.

12.2 Term B Milestone Event 

Term B Milestone Event occurs if and when (if ever) Borrower has provided Bank with evidence, on or prior to March 31, 2026, satisfactory to Bank in its sole and absolute discretion, that Borrower has achieved Net Product Revenue in an amount of at least $[***]for a trailing six (6) month period ending after the Effective Date, but on or prior to December 31, 2025 (which period shall end no earlier than the last day of the first (1st) calendar month ending after the Effective Date).

12.2 Term C Loan Availability Amount 

Term C Loan Availability Amount is an aggregate principal amount equal to $10,000,000.00.

12.2 Term C Milestone Event 

Term C Milestone Event occurs if and when (if ever) Borrower has provided Bank with evidence, on or prior to August 15, 2026, satisfactory to Bank in its sole and absolute discretion, that Borrower has achieved Net Product Revenue in an amount of at least $[***] for a trailing six (6) month period ending after the Effective Date, but on or prior to June 30, 2026 (which period shall end no earlier than the last day of the first (1st) calendar month ending after the Effective Date).

12.2 Term Loan Amortization Date 

Term Loan Amortization Date is, for each Term Loan Advance, April 1, 2027, which shall be extended to April 1, 2028 upon the occurrence of the Interest-Only Milestone Event.

12.2 Term Loan Maturity Date 

Term Loan Maturity Date is March 1, 2029.

I-2

EXHIBIT A

COMPLIANCE STATEMENT

TO: SILICON VALLEY BANK, A DIVISION OF FIRST-CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY 

FROM: INVIVYD, INC.

DATE: 

Under the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement between Borrower and Bank (as amended, modified, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agreement), Borrower is in complete compliance for the period ending _______________ with all required covenants except as noted below. Attached are the required documents evidencing such compliance, setting forth calculations prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied from one period to the next except as explained in an accompanying letter or footnotes. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Agreement.

Please indicate compliance status by circling Yes/No under Complies column.

Reporting Covenants 

Required 

Complies

Monthly Compliance Statement 

Monthly within 30 days 

Yes No

Detailed Cash Report 

Monthly within 30 days 

Yes No

10-Q Report 

Within 45 days after the end of the end of Q1, Q2 and Q3 

Yes No

10-K Report and Annual Financial Statements (CPA Audited) 

FYE within 90 days 

Yes No

10-Q, 10-K and 8-K 

Within 5 days after filing with

SEC 

Yes No

Board approved projections 

FYE within 30 days and as amended/updated 

Yes No

Financial Covenants 

Required 

Actual 

Complies

Minimum Net Product Revenue (tested quarterly upon the occurrence of Testing Event #1) 

$_____________* 

$_____________ 

Yes No

Minimum Cash or Minimum EBITDA (tested quarterly upon the occurrence of Testing Event #2) 

$_____________** 

$_____________ 

Yes No

Minimum Cash Trigger (tested quarterly, upon the occurrence of the Minimum Cash Trigger Event) 

$_____________*** 

$_____________ 

Yes No

* As set forth in Section 5.8(a)

** As set forth in Section 5.8(b)

*** As set forth in Section 5.8(c)

Banking Matters

Month End Balance 

Control Agreement

A. 

Amount of cash and cash equivalents maintained by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in all accounts with Bank and Banks Affiliates* at month end.

$_______________ (A. Total)

* Include any amounts held in securities accounts through: 

SVB Asset Management (SAM) 

Account Number

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

B. 

Amount of cash and cash equivalents maintained by Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accounts with financial institutions other than Bank and Banks Affiliates at month end.

Complete a line below for each financial institution and/or account: 

$_______________ (B. Total)

Financial Institution 

Account Number

__________________________ 

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

__________________________ 

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

__________________________ 

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

__________________________ 

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

__________________________ 

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

__________________________ 

_______________

$_______________ 

Yes No

C. 

Total cash and cash equivalents of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (Line A plus the aggregate of Line B)

$_______________

D. 

Percentage maintained with Bank and Banks Affiliates (Line A divided by Line C - expressed as a percentage)

_______%

E. 

Outstanding Obligations of Borrower to Bank at month end 

$_______________

E. 

Has Borrower maintained compliance with Section 5.7 of the Agreement (which requires that, upon the expiration of the Transition Period (a) account balances in the name of Borrower at Bank and Banks Affiliates shall be in an amount equal to at least 80.0% of the Dollar value of Borrowers, its Subsidiaries, and any Guarantors cash, in the aggregate, wherever located, (b) each Permitted Account shall be subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Bank pursuant to the terms of Section 5.7(c) and (c) Borrower shall at all times have unrestricted and unencumbered cash in accounts maintained in the name of Borrower with Bank, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 100% of the Dollar value of all account balances of Borrower, its Subsidiaries, and any Guarantor, wherever located, and (ii) 110% of the then-outstanding Obligations of Borrower to Bank? 

Yes No

The following financial covenant analyses and information set forth in Schedule 1 attached hereto are true and correct as of the date of this Compliance Statement.

The following are the exceptions with respect to the statements above: (If no exceptions exist, state No exceptions to note.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Schedule 1 to Compliance Statement

Financial Covenants of Borrower

In the event of a conflict between this Schedule and the Agreement, the terms of the Agreement shall govern.

Dated: ____________________

I. Minimum Net Product Revenue (Section 5.8(a))

Required. Upon the occurrence of Testing Event #1, and at all times thereafter, Borrower shall achieve, to be tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, trailing three (3) month Net Product Revenue of at least the following amounts*:

Fiscal Quarter Ending 

Minimum Trailing Three (3) Month Net Product Revenue

June 30, 2025 

$[***]

September 30, 2025 

$[***]

December 31, 2025 

$[***]

March 31, 2026 

$[***]

June 30, 2026 

$[***]

September 30, 2026 

$[***]

December 31, 2026 

$[***]

*See Section 5.8(a) for periods after December 31, 2026

Actual:

Has Borrower requested and Bank made a Term Loan Advance?

No, covenant not tested Yes, covenant tested

A. 

Borrowers trailing three (3) month Net Product Revenue 

$_____________

Is Line A equal to or greater than $__________*?

*The amount set forth above.

No, not in compliance Yes, in compliance

II. Minimum Cash or Minimum EBITDA (Section 5.8(b))

Required. Upon the occurrence of Testing Event #2 and at all times thereafter, Borrower shall maintain, to be tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, either A or B (subject to Section 5.8(c) hereof):

Is the current date on or after (a) December 31, 2025 or (b) the date on which the aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances exceeds $15,000,000.00?

No, proceed to III Yes, covenant tested

A. Minimum Cash:

Required: Minimum Cash in an amount of at least the Minimum Cash Threshold.

Actual:

A. 

Borrowers unrestricted and unencumbered cash and Cash Equivalents in the name of Borrower maintained with Bank or Banks Affiliates

$_________________

B. 

Borrowers unrestricted and unencumbered cash maintained in accounts subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Bank, provided that (i) Bank has a first priority perfected security interest in the amounts held in such accounts and (ii) such accounts are permitted to be maintained pursuant to Section 5.7(a)

$_________________

C. 

Minimum Cash (line A plus line B)

$_________________

D. 

Cash Burn (expressed as a positive number), plus the aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances

$_________________

E. 

Aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances, multiplied by two (2)

$_________________

F. 

Minimum Cash Threshold (greater of line D and line E) 

$_________________

Is Line C greater than Line F?

No, not in compliance Yes, in compliance

B. Minimum EBITDA:

Required: Trailing three (3) month EBITDA of at least the following amounts*:

Fiscal Quarter Ending 

Minimum Trailing Three (3) Month EBIDTA

September 30, 2025 

$[***]

December 31, 2025 

$[***]

March 31, 2026 

$[***]

June 30, 2026 

$[***]

September 30, 2026 

$[***]

December 31, 2026 

$[***]

*See Section 5.8(b) for periods after December 31, 2026

Actual:

A. 

Net Income 

$

B. 

To the extent included in the determination of Net Income 

1. Interest Expense 

$

2. Depreciation expense 

$

3. Amortization expense 

$

4. Income tax expense 

$

5. Non-cash stock compensation 

$

6. Extraordinary one-time expenses in an aggregate amount not to exceed the lesser of (A)

10.0% of total EBITDA 

$

7. Other one-time expenses, as approved by Bank in writing in its sole and absolute discretion 

$

8. The sum of lines 1 through 7 

$

C. 

EBITDA (line A plus line B.8) 

Is Line C equal to or greater than $__________*?

*The amount set forth above.

No, not in compliance Yes, in compliance

III. Minimum Cash Trigger (Section 5.8(c))

Required: Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.8(b), upon the occurrence of the Minimum Cash Trigger Event, and at all times thereafter, Borrower shall maintain, to be tested as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, Minimum Cash in an amount of at least than the Minimum Cash Threshold.

Actual:

Has Borrower failed to maintain active sales of a product under emergency use authorization, biologics license application, and/or any other approval by the FDA, as determined by Bank in its sole and absolute discretion?

No, covenant not tested Yes, covenant tested

A. 

Borrowers unrestricted and unencumbered cash and Cash Equivalents in the name of Borrower maintained with Bank or Banks Affiliates

$_________________

B. 

Borrowers unrestricted and unencumbered cash maintained in accounts subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Bank, provided that (i) Bank has a first priority perfected security interest in the amounts held in such accounts and (ii) such accounts are permitted to be maintained pursuant to Section 5.7(a)

$_________________

C. 

Minimum Cash (line A plus line B)

$_________________

D. 

Cash Burn (expressed as a positive number), plus the aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances

$_________________

E. 

Aggregate amount of outstanding Term Loan Advances, multiplied by two (2)

$_________________

F. 

Minimum Cash Threshold (greater of line D and line E) 

$_________________

Is Line C greater than Line F?

No, not in compliance Yes, in compliance

EXHIBIT B

LOAN PAYMENT/ADVANCE REQUEST FORM

Deadline for same day processing is Noon Pacific Time

Date: 

Loan Payment:

INVIVYD, INC.

From Account # 

To Account # 

(Deposit Account #) 

(Loan Account #) 

Principal $ 

and/or Interest $ 

Authorized Signature: 

Phone Number: 

Print Name/Title: 

Loan Advance:

Complete Outgoing Wire Request section below if all or a portion of the funds from this loan advance are for an outgoing wire.

From Account # 

To Account # 

(Loan Account #) 

(Deposit Account #) 

Amount of Advance $ ______________________ (complete if requesting from Revolving Line) 

Amount of Term Loan Advance $ ______________________ (complete if requesting from Term Loan Availability Amount) 

All Borrowers representations and warranties in the Loan and Security Agreement are true, correct and complete in all material respects on the date of the request for an advance; provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof; and provided, further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date: 

Authorized Signature: 

Phone Number: 

Print Name/Title: 

Outgoing Wire Request:

Complete only if all or a portion of funds from the loan advance above is to be wired.

Deadline for same day processing is noon, Pacific Time

Beneficiary Name: 

Amount of Wire: $ 

Beneficiary Bank: 

Account Number: 

City and State 

Beneficiary Bank Transit (ABA) #: 

Beneficiary Bank Code (Swift, Sort, Chip, etc.): 

(For International Wires Only) 

Intermediary Bank: 

Transit (ABA) #: 

For Further Credit to: 

Special Instructions 

By signing below, I (we) acknowledge and agree that my (our) funds transfer request shall be processed in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements(s) covering funds transfer service(s), which agreements(s) were previously received and executed by me (us).

Authorized Signature: 

2nd Signature (if required): 

Print Name/Title: 

Print Name/Title: 

Phone Number: 

Phone Number:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ivvd-ex99_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Invivyd Announces $30M Non-dilutive Loan Facility with Silicon Valley Bank

WALTHAM, Mass., April 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Invivyd, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVVD), a biopharmaceutical company devoted to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, today announced that it has signed a $30 million term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), a division of First Citizens Bank. The deal allows for drawdown of capital in the future if certain conditions and milestones are met.

We are pleased to have secured this term loan facility ahead of important anticipated catalysts, including gaining alignment with the FDA on the regulatory pathway of our pipeline candidate, VYD2311, said Bill Duke, Chief Financial Officer of Invivyd. The non-dilutive nature of this financing facility supports balance sheet optionality so the company can focus on per-share value creation.

About VYD2311

VYD2311 is a novel monoclonal antibody (mAb) candidate being developed for COVID-19 to continue to address the urgent need for new prophylactic and therapeutic options. The pharmacokinetic profile and antiviral potency of VYD2311 may offer the ability to deliver clinically meaningful titer levels through more patient-friendly means such as an intramuscular route of administration.

VYD2311 was engineered using Invivyds proprietary integrated technology platform and is the product of serial molecular evolution designed to generate an antibody optimized for neutralizing contemporary virus lineages. VYD2311 leverages the same antibody backbone as pemivibart, Invivyds investigational mAb granted emergency use authorization in the U.S. for the pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) of symptomatic COVID-19 in certain immunocompromised patients, and adintrevimab, Invivyds investigational mAb that has a robust safety data package and demonstrated clinically meaningful results in global Phase 2/3 clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of COVID-19.

About PEMGARDA

PEMGARDA (pemivibart) is a half-life extended investigational monoclonal antibody (mAb). PEMGARDA was engineered from adintrevimab, Invivyds investigational mAb that has a robust safety data package and provided evidence of clinical efficacy in global Phase 2/3 clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of COVID-19. PEMGARDA has demonstrated in vitro neutralizing activity against major SARS-CoV-2 variants, including JN.1, KP.3.1.1, XEC and LP.8.1. PEMGARDA targets the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein receptor binding domain (RBD), thereby inhibiting virus attachment to the human ACE2 receptor on host cells.

PEMGARDA (pemivibart) injection (4500 mg), for intravenous use is an investigational mAb that has not been approved, but has been authorized for emergency use by the U.S. FDA under an EUA for the pre-exposure prophylaxis (prevention) of COVID-19 in adults and adolescents (12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg) who have moderate-to-severe immune compromise due to certain medical conditions or receipt of certain immunosuppressive medications or treatments and are unlikely to mount an adequate immune response to COVID-19 vaccination. Recipients should not be currently infected with or have had a known recent exposure to an individual infected with SARS-CoV-2.

PEMGARDA is not authorized for use for treatment of COVID-19 or post-exposure prophylaxis of COVID-19. Pre-exposure prophylaxis with PEMGARDA is not a substitute for vaccination in individuals for whom COVID-19 vaccination is recommended. Individuals for whom COVID-19 vaccination is recommended, including individuals with moderate-to-severe immune compromise who may derive benefit from COVID-19 vaccinations, should receive COVID-19 vaccination. In individuals who have recently received a COVID-19 vaccine, PEMGARDA should be administered at least 2 weeks after vaccination.

Anaphylaxis has been observed with PEMGARDA and the PEMGARDA Fact Sheet for Healthcare Providers includes a boxed warning for anaphylaxis. The most common adverse reactions included systemic infusion-related reactions and hypersensitivity reactions, local infusion site reactions, and infusion site infiltration or extravasation. For additional information, please see the PEMGARDA full product Fact Sheet for Healthcare Providers, including important safety information and boxed warning.

To support the EUA for PEMGARDA, an immunobridging approach was used to determine if PEMGARDA may be effective for pre-exposure prophylaxis of COVID-19. Immunobridging is based on the serum virus neutralizing titer-efficacy relationships identified with other neutralizing human mAbs against SARS-CoV-2. This includes adintrevimab, the parent mAb of pemivibart, and other mAbs that were previously authorized for EUA. There are limitations of the data supporting the benefits of PEMGARDA. Evidence of clinical efficacy for other neutralizing human mAbs against SARS-CoV-2 was based on different populations and SARS-CoV-2 variants that are no longer circulating. Further, the variability associated with cell-based EC50 value determinations, along with limitations related to pharmacokinetic data and efficacy estimates for the mAbs in prior clinical trials, impact the ability to precisely estimate protective titer ranges. Additionally, certain SARS-CoV-2 viral variants may emerge that have substantially reduced susceptibility to PEMGARDA, and PEMGARDA may not be effective at preventing COVID-19 caused by these SARS-CoV-2 viral variants.

The emergency use of PEMGARDA is only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of the emergency use of drugs and biological products during the COVID-19 pandemic under Section 564(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. 360bbb-3(b)(1), unless the declaration is terminated or authorization revoked sooner. PEMGARDA is authorized for use only when the combined national frequency of variants with substantially reduced susceptibility to PEMGARDA is less than or equal to 90%, based on available information including variant susceptibility to PEMGARDA and national variant frequencies.

About Invivyd

Invivyd, Inc. (Nasdaq: IVVD) is a biopharmaceutical company devoted to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, beginning with SARS-CoV-2. Invivyd deploys a proprietary integrated technology platform unique in the industry designed to assess, monitor, develop, and adapt to create best in class antibodies. In March 2024, Invivyd received emergency use authorization (EUA) from the U.S. FDA for a monoclonal antibody (mAb) in its pipeline of innovative antibody candidates. Visit https://invivyd.com/ to learn more.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipates, believes, could, expects, estimates, intends, potential, predicts, projects, and future or similar expressions (as well as other words

or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning, among other things, expectations related to the companys term loan facility with SVB; the potential drawdown of capital in the future if certain conditions and milestones are met; the expected benefits of the financing facility; the companys intention to focus on per-share value creation; anticipated catalysts of the company; the companys expectation of gaining alignment with the FDA on the regulatory pathway for the companys next product candidate; the companys devotion to delivering protection from serious viral infectious diseases, beginning with SARS-CoV-2; and other statements that are not historical fact. The company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the companys forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the companys forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the companys actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: the timing, progress and results of the companys discovery, preclinical and clinical development activities; how long the EUA granted by the U.S. FDA for PEMGARDA will remain in effect and whether the EUA is revised or revoked by the U.S. FDA; the ability to maintain a continued acceptable safety, tolerability and efficacy profile of any product candidate following regulatory authorization or approval; uncertainties related to the regulatory authorization or approval process, and available development and regulatory pathways; changes in the regulatory environment; the outcome of the companys engagement with regulators; the companys ability to maintain and expand sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to successfully commercialize any authorized or approved product candidate; changes in expected or existing competition; the companys reliance on third parties; the complexities of manufacturing mAb therapies; macroeconomic and political uncertainties; the companys ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the companys term loan facility with SVB; the companys ability to continue as a going concern; and whether the company has adequate funding to meet future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements. Other factors that may cause the companys actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are described under the heading Risk Factors in the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and in the companys other filings with the SEC, and in its future reports to be filed with the SEC and available at www.sec.gov. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of this date, and Invivyd undertakes no duty to update such information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable law.

This press release contains hyperlinks to information that is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this press release.

Contacts:

Media Relations

(781) 208-1747

media@invivyd.com

Investor Relations

(781) 208-1747

investors@invivyd.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>img59752938_0.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ivvd-20250418.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 
Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 
Document Type 
Document Type 
Title of 12(b) Security 
Security 12b Title 
Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 
Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 
Written Communications 
Written Communications 
Entity Ex Transition Period 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Securities Act File Number 
Entity File Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 
City Area Code 
City Area Code 
Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name Invivyd, Inc.

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001832038

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 18, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40703

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-1403134

Entity Address, Address Line One 1601 Trapelo Road

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 178

Entity Address, City or Town Waltham

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 02451

City Area Code 781

Local Phone Number 819-0080

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol IVVD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://invivyd.com/20250418/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ivvd-20250418.htm 
ivvd-20250418.xsd 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000950170-25-056005-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ivvd-20250418_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001832038 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

0001832038 
false 
8-K 
2025-04-18 
Invivyd, Inc. 
DE 
001-40703 
85-1403134 
1601 Trapelo Road 
Suite 178 
Waltham 
MA 
02451 
781 
819-0080 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
IVVD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>