<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000898822-25-000002.txt : 20250204
<SEC-HEADER>0000898822-25-000002.hdr.sgml : 20250204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250204170654
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000898822-25-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250202
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Match Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000891103
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				592712887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34148
		FILM NUMBER:		25589402

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8750 NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2145769352

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8750 NORTH CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IAC/INTERACTIVECORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040712

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERACTIVECORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030623

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	USA INTERACTIVE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020508
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>mtch8k020325.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000089110300008911032025-02-022025-02-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 2, 2025

MATCH GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-34148

59-2712887

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8750 North Central Expressway,
Suite 1400

Dallas, TX75231

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (214) 576-9352

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol 

Name of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001

MTCH

NASDAQ

(Nasdaq Global Select Market)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On February 2, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of Match Group, Inc. (the Company) appointed Spencer
Rascoff as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, effective February 4, 2025 (the Effective Date). Mr. Rascoff succeeds Bernard Kim, who by mutual agreement with the Board has resigned his positions as Chief Executive Officer and a director of
the Company, effective on the Effective Date.

Mr. Rascoff, age 49, has been a director of the Company since March 2024. Prior to taking on the Chief Executive
Officer role with the Company, Mr. Rascoff served as CEO and Founder since May 2021 of 75 & Sunny Ventures, a startup studio and family office, through which he invested in and mentored early-stage companies. Mr. Rascoff also co-founded
Pacaso, a marketplace for vacation home ownership, where he has served as Chair of the Board since September 2020, as well as founder of several early-stage startups. Mr. Rascoff co-founded Zillow, a technology real estate marketplace company, in
2005 and served as its CEO for ten years. Prior to Zillow, Mr. Rascoff co-founded and was VP, Corporate Development of Hotwire, a travel website, which was sold to Expedia in 2003. Mr. Rascoff previously served as a member of the boards of
directors of Zillow Group, Inc. from July 2011 through April 2020, Palantir Technologies Inc. from July 2020 through June 2022, TripAdvisor, Inc. from 2013 through June 2020, Supernova Partners Acquisition Company, Inc. from August 2020 through
September 2021, Supernova Partners Acquisition Company II, Ltd. from December 2020 through March 2022, and Supernova Partners Acquisition Company III, Ltd. from March 2021 through April 2023. Mr. Rascoff is also a visiting professor at Harvard
University where he teaches classes on entrepreneurship and startups. Mr. Rascoff graduated from Harvard University with a Bachelors degree in Government.

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Rascoff and any other person pursuant to which Mr.
Rascoff was selected as an officer. There are no transactions in which Mr. Rascoff has an interest requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

CEO Employment Agreement

In connection with the appointment of Mr. Rascoff as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, the Company entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Rascoff (the Employment Agreement), which will take effect on the Effective Date. The material terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement are summarized below. Unless otherwise specified, capitalized
terms used but not defined below shall have the meanings set forth in the Employment Agreement.

The Employment Agreement has a scheduled term of one year from the Effective Date and provides for automatic
renewals for successive one-year terms absent written notice from the Company or Mr. Rascoff. The Employment Agreement provides that, during the term, Mr. Rascoff will be eligible to receive (i) an annual base salary of $800,000, (ii)
discretionary annual cash bonuses based on achievement of formulaic performance goals targeted at 200% of Mr. Rascoffs annual base salary, (iii) equity awards (as described below) and (iv) customary health and retirement benefits.

On March 1, 2025, Mr. Rascoff will be granted awards of (i) time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) of the
Company, with a grant date value of $7,200,000, vesting 1/3 on the first anniversary of the grant date and 1/12 every quarter thereafter, subject to continued service, (ii) performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) of the Company, with a
target grant date value of $10,800,000, vesting on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment and attainment of applicable performance goals based on the Companys total shareholder return relative to the Nasdaq
Composite index (the Relative TSR PSUs), and (iii) PSUs of the Company with a grant date value of $30,000,000 (the Value Creation Award) as described below. For the 2026 fiscal year, Mr. Rascoff will be granted equity awards with a target
grant date value of not less than $12,000,000, 40% of which will be in the form of RSUs and 60% of which will be in the form of PSUs on terms and conditions no less favorable than the Relative TSR PSUs. Upon a termination of employment without
cause, for good reason, due to the Companys non-renewal of the employment agreement or due to death (each a Qualified Termination), subject to Mr. Rascoffs execution and non-revocation of a release and compliance with applicable restrictive
covenants, (a) any RSUs scheduled to vest during the 12 months following termination will immediately vest, and (b) any PSUs (other than the Value Creation Award which is described below) will remain outstanding through the end of the performance
period and vest based on actual performance, which vesting will be prorated based on the number of days employed during the performance period in the event the termination occurs before the date that is 12 months before the end of the performance
period.

The Value Creation Award vests subject to continued service and satisfaction of the Companys stock price hurdles
of $40, $50 and $60, each applicable to one third of the award. A stock price hurdle is met if the volume weighted average price of the Companys stock equals or exceeds the applicable hurdle for 45 consecutive calendar days during the last year
of the three-year performance period. Fifty percent of a tranche will vest upon satisfaction of the performance goal, and the remaining 50% will vest at the end of the three-year performance period, subject to continued service through the vesting
date. If the Companys stock trades at or above a stock price hurdle that has not yet been achieved during the last ten trading days of the three-year performance period, any unvested portion of the award will remain outstanding and eligible to
meet any unsatisfied stock price hurdle for 90 additional days. Upon a Qualified Termination, subject to Mr. Rascoffs execution and non-revocation of a release and compliance with applicable restrictive covenants, (i) if the termination occurs in
the last year of the performance period and a stock price hurdle was satisfied prior to termination, the 50% of that tranche that is subject to the service requirement will vest, and (ii) in all other cases, unvested tranches will remain
outstanding and eligible to meet any unsatisfied stock price hurdle until the first anniversary of termination (or May 4, 2028, if earlier).

In the event of a termination of employment without cause, for good reason or due to the Companys non-renewal of
the employment agreement, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a release and compliance with applicable restrictive covenants, Mr. Rascoff will be entitled to:

Base salary continuation for 12 months (or 18 months if the termination occurs within one year
after a change in control) from the date of termination, payable in installments;

Target annual bonus (or 1.5x of target annual bonus if the termination occurs within one year after
a change in control);

Continued healthcare coverage at the Companys cost for 12 months (or 18 months if the termination
occurs within one year after a change in control); and

Treatment of equity awards as described above, unless the termination occurs within one year after
a change in control, in which case equity awards that are subject to outstanding and unsatisfied performance conditions will be deemed earned at the greater of target and actual performance as of the date of the change in control.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Rascoff is bound by covenants not to solicit Company employees or
business partners during the term of his employment and for 12 months thereafter. Mr. Rascoff has also agreed not to use or disclose any confidential information of the Company or its affiliates and to be bound by customary covenants relating to
proprietary rights and the related assignment of such rights.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Employment Agreement,
which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.

For purposes of Mr. Kims employment agreement, his departure will be a termination by the Company without
cause.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1 

Employment Agreement between Match Group, Inc. and Spencer Rascoff, effective February 4, 2025

104 

Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MATCH GROUP, INC.

By: 

/s/ Sean Edgett

Sean Edgett

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Date: February 4, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>mtch8k020325ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (Agreement), effective as of February 4, 2025 (the Effective Date), is
entered into by and between Spencer Rascoff (Executive) and Match Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to establish its right to the services of Executive, in the capacity described below,
on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and Executive is willing to accept such employment on such terms and conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, Executive and the Company have
agreed and do hereby agree as follows:

1A.EMPLOYMENT. During the Term (as defined below),
the Company shall employ Executive, and Executive shall be employed, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Executive shall do and perform all services and acts necessary or advisable to fulfill the duties and responsibilities as are
commensurate and consistent with such position and shall render such services on the terms set forth herein. During Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) and shall be nominated to stand for election to the Board during the Term. Executive shall have such powers and duties
with respect to the Company as may be assigned to Executive by the Board, to the extent consistent with Executives position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive agrees to devote substantially all of Executives working time,
attention and efforts to the Company and to perform the duties of Executives position in accordance with the Companys written policies as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive may (i) participate in or serve or
advise on the boards of directors of (A) private companies that do not compete with the Company and were disclosed to the Company prior to the date of this Agreement, (B) civic and charitable activities, and (C) with the Boards consent (not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed), additional private companies that do not compete with the company and one (1) public company that does not compete with the Company, (ii) engage in speaking activities, (iii) manage Executives and Executives
immediate familys personal investments, and (iv) purchase or own securities in any private or publicly traded companies that do not compete with the Company; in all events so long as such activities do not conflict with or materially interfere
with Executives performance of Executives duties hereunder. During the Term, Executives principal place of employment shall be at the Companys offices located in Los Angeles, California (the Principal Location), except for travel to other locations as necessary to fulfill Executives duties and responsibilities to the Company and remote work consistent with
applicable Company policy, as in effect from time to time.

2A.TERM. This Agreement, and Executives employment
hereunder, shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of one (1) year following the Effective Date (the Initial

Term), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If not earlier terminated, the Initial Term shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1)-year periods on each anniversary of the Effective Date
(the Initial Term, together with each successive one-year renewal term, the Term), unless either party hereto provides
written notice to the other, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the applicable Term, that it elects not to extend the Term, which notice shall be irrevocable (any such notice, a Non-Renewal Notice). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Executives employment hereunder is at will and may be terminated by the Company or Executive
at any time for any reason or for no reason, with or without Cause (as defined below), subject to the provisions of Section 1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions attached as Exhibit A hereto (the Standard Terms and Conditions).

3A.COMPENSATION.

(a)BASE SALARY. During the Term, the Company shall
pay Executive an annual base salary of $800,000 (the Base Salary), pro-rated for partial years of employment. The Base
Salary shall be payable in equal biweekly installments (or, if different, in accordance with the Companys payroll practice as in effect from time to time, but no less often than monthly). The Base Salary may be increased from time to time in the
discretion of the Board (or its Compensation and Human Resources Committee (the Committee)). For all purposes under this
Agreement, the term Base Salary shall refer to the Base Salary as in effect from time to time.

(b)DISCRETIONARY BONUS. For each calendar year ending
during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive discretionary annual cash bonuses (payable at the same time as bonuses are paid to other executives at the Company, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year
with respect to which such bonuses are payable). The target amount of the annual bonuses shall be equal to 200% of Executives Base Salary (the Target Bonus), with the actual amount (which could be less or greater than the target amount above), if any, in all cases to be determined by the Committee, in consultation with the Board and based on achievement of
formulaic performance goals established by the Committee under the applicable bonus plan. The payment of any such bonus, to the extent payable, will be subject to Executives continued employment through the date on which the bonus is paid.

(c)BENEFITS. During the Term, Executive shall be
entitled to participate in any welfare, health and life insurance, pension, retirement, benefit and incentive programs as may be adopted from time to time by the Company on the same basis as that provided to similarly situated senior executives of
the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits:

(i)Vacation. During the Term, Executive shall be
entitled to paid vacation each year, in accordance with the plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company applicable to similarly situated senior executives of the Company generally.

(ii)Reimbursement for Expenses. During the Term, the
Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in performing Executives duties for the Company, on at least the same basis as similarly situated senior executives and in accordance with the Companys policies
as in effect from time to time. Additionally, Company shall reimburse Executive up to $20,000 in connection with the preparation and review of this Agreement.

(d)EQUITY AWARDS.

(i)Under and subject to the provisions of the Match Group, Inc. 2024 Stock and Annual Incentive Plan (the 2024 Plan), Executive will be granted on the first calendar day of the month that next follows the Effective Date (the Grant Date):

(A)restricted stock units of the Company corresponding to a target number of shares of Company common stock having a value of $7,200,000 as of
the Grant Date, determined using the volume-weighted average price, rounded to two decimal places, of Company common stock on the primary stock exchange on which shares of the Companys common stock are traded for the period commencing on January
1, 2025 and ending on February 4, 2025, vesting 1/3 on the first anniversary of the Grant Date and 1/12 every three (3) months thereafter, subject to Executives continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date;

-2-

(B)performance stock units of the Company corresponding to a target number of shares of Company common stock having a value of $10,800,000 as
of the Grant Date, assuming target performance, determined using the volume-weighted average price, rounded to two decimal places, of Company common stock on the primary stock exchange on which shares of the Companys common stock are traded for
the period commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending on February 4, 2025, on the terms set forth in Exhibit C-1 and vesting subject to continued employment and
attainment of applicable performance goals, each as set forth on Exhibit C-1; and

(C)performance stock units of the Company corresponding to a number of shares of Company common stock having a value of $30,000,000 as of the
Grant Date (Value Creation Award), determined using the volume-weighted average price, rounded to two decimal places, of
Company common stock on the primary stock exchange on which shares of the Companys common stock are traded for the period commencing on January 1, 2025 and ending on February 4, 2025, on the terms set forth in Exhibit C-2 and vesting subject to continued employment and attainment of applicable performance goals, each as set forth on Exhibit C-2.

(ii) In addition, during the Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive such periodic grants
of stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and/or other equity or equity-linked awards of the Company (or its affiliates) (together with the foregoing grants, the Awards), commensurate with Executives role as the Companys Chief Executive Officer, as may be determined by the Board (or the Committee) in its discretion; provided that, for the 2026 fiscal year, Executive shall receive such Awards with a target value not less than $12,000,000 as of the date of grant, 40%
of which shall be in the form of restricted stock units and 60% of which shall be in the form of performance stock units on terms and conditions no less favorable than the terms set forth on Exhibit C-1.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that (i) a
Change in Control (as defined in the 2024 Plan) occurs, and (ii) the surviving corporation or the acquiring corporation (as applicable) fails to either (A) assume Executives Awards or (B) substitute Executives Awards with similar awards (it being
understood that similar stock awards include, but are not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders or the Company, as the case may be), then any performance metrics applicable to any such Award shall be deemed
satisfied at the greater of target and actual performance and Executives Awards shall become vested immediately prior to the Change in Control.

4A.NOTICES. All notices and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by first-class mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, or by hand delivery, overnight delivery by a nationally recognized carrier, facsimile transmission or PDF, in
each case to the applicable address set forth below (or, if by e-mail transmission or PDF, to an email account provided by the other party), and any such notice is deemed effectively given when received by the recipient (or if receipt is refused by
the recipient, when so refused):

If to the Company: 

Match Group, Inc.

8750 North Central Expressway

Suite 1400

Dallas, TX 75231

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

Email: [redacted]

If to Executive:

-3-

At the most recent address for Executive on record at the Company.

Either party may change such partys address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto.

5A.GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. This Agreement and
the legal relations thus created between the parties hereto (including, without limitation, any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement) shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
Texas without reference to its principles of conflicts of laws. Any dispute between the parties hereto arising out of or related to this Agreement will be heard exclusively and determined before an appropriate federal court located in the State of
Texas, or an appropriate Texas state court located in Dallas County, Texas and each party hereto submits itself and its property to the exclusive jurisdiction of the foregoing courts with respect to such disputes. The parties hereto acknowledge
and agree that, in the course of performing duties hereunder for the Company, Executive shall have multiple contacts with the business and operations of the Company, as well as other businesses and operations in the State of Texas, and that for
those and other reasons this Agreement and the undertakings of the parties hereunder bear a reasonable relation to the State of Texas. Each party hereto (a) agrees that service of process may be made by mailing a copy of any relevant document to
the address of the party set forth above, (b) waives to the fullest extent permitted by law any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the courts referred to above on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise as regards any dispute
between the parties hereto arising out of or related to this Agreement, (c) waives to the fullest extent permitted by law any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue in the courts referred to above as regards any dispute
between the parties hereto arising out of or related to this Agreement and (d) agrees that a judgment or order of any court referred to above in connection with any dispute between the parties hereto arising out of or related to this Agreement is
conclusive and binding on it and may be enforced against it in the courts of any other jurisdiction.

6A.COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

7A.STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Executive expressly
understands and acknowledges that the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference, deemed a part of this Agreement and are binding and enforceable provisions of this Agreement. References to this Agreement
or the use of the term hereof shall refer to this Agreement and the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto, taken as a whole.

8A.SECTION 409A OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.

(a)It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement and the Companys and Executives exercise of authority or discretion hereunder
shall comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and the rules and regulations
issued thereunder (Section 409A) or an available exemption therefrom, and thus avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or
interest under Section 409A. This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with that intent.

(b)For purposes of this Agreement, a Separation from Service occurs when Executive dies, retires or otherwise has a termination of employment with the Company that constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section
1.409A-1(h)(1), without regard to the optional alternative definitions available thereunder (the date of any such Separation from Service, a Termination Date).

-4-

(c)If Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i) as of the date of Executives
Separation from Service, Executive shall not be entitled to any payment or benefit pursuant to Section 1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions to the extent that any such payment would constitute nonqualified deferred compensation (if at all)
within the meaning of Section 409A until the earlier of (i) the date which is six (6) months after his Separation from Service for any reason other than death, or (ii) the date of Executives death. The provisions of this paragraph shall only apply
if, and to the extent, required to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or interest pursuant to Section 409A. Any amounts otherwise payable to Executive upon or in the six (6) month period following Executives Separation from Service that are
not so paid by reason of this Section 8A(c) shall be paid (without interest) as soon as practicable after the date that is six (6) months after Executives Separation from Service (or, if earlier, as soon as practicable after the date of
Executives death).

(d)To the extent that any reimbursement pursuant to this Agreement is taxable to Executive, Executive shall provide the Company with
documentation of the related expenses promptly so as to facilitate the timing of the reimbursement payment contemplated by this paragraph, and any reimbursement payment due to Executive pursuant to such provision shall be paid to Executive on or
before the last day of Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the related expense was incurred. Such reimbursement obligations pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit and the
amount of such benefits that Executive receives in one taxable year shall not affect the amount of such benefits that Executive receives in any other taxable year.

(e)In no event shall the Company be required to pay Executive any gross-up or other payment with respect to any taxes or penalties imposed
under Section 409A with respect to any benefit paid to Executive hereunder. The Company agrees to take any reasonable steps requested by Executive to avoid adverse tax consequences to Executive as a result of any benefit to Executive hereunder
being subject to Section 409A, provided that Executive shall, if requested, reimburse the Company for any incremental costs (other than incidental
costs) associated with taking such steps.

(f)Any right to a series of installment payments pursuant to this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. All
payments to be made upon a termination of employment under this Agreement may only be made upon a Separation from Service under Section 409A.

9A.INDEMNIFICATION. The Company shall indemnify and
hold Executive harmless for acts and omissions in Executives capacity as an officer, director or employee of the Company to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries and affiliates shall indemnify Executive for any losses incurred by Executive
as a result of acts described in Section 1(c) of the Standard Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.

10A.REDUCTION OF CERTAIN PAYMENTS. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in any other agreement between Executive and the Company or any plan maintained by the Company, if there is a 280G Change in Control (as defined in Section 10A(e)(i) below), the following rules shall
apply:

(a)Except as otherwise provided in Section 10A(c) below, if it is determined in accordance with Section 10A(d) below that any portion of the
Contingent Compensation Payments (as defined in 10A(e)(ii) below) that otherwise would be paid or provided to Executive or for his benefit in connection with the 280G Change in Control would be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999
of the Code (Excise Tax), then such Contingent Compensation Payments shall be reduced by the smallest total amount necessary
in order for the aggregate present value of all such Contingent Compensation Payments after such reduction, as determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder, not to exceed
the Excise Tax Threshold Amount (as defined in Section 10A(e)(iii) below).

-5-

(b)If the Auditor (as defined in Section 10A(d) below) determines that any reduction is so required, the Payments to be reduced, and the
reduction to be made to such Payments, shall be determined by the Auditor in its sole discretion in a manner which will result in the least economic cost to Executive, and if the reduction with respect to two or more Payments would result in
equivalent economic cost to Executive, such Payments shall be reduced in the inverse chronological order of the dates on which such Payments were otherwise scheduled to be made to Executive, until the required reduction has been fully achieved.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, no reduction in any of the Executives Contingent Compensation Payments shall be made pursuant to Section
10A(a) above if it is determined in accordance with Section 10A(d) below that the After Tax Amount of the Contingent Compensation Payments payable to Executive without such reduction would exceed the After Tax Amount of the reduced Contingent
Compensation Payments payable to Executive in accordance with Section 10A(a) above. For purposes of the foregoing, (x) the After Tax
Amount of the Contingent Compensation Payments, as computed with, and as computed without, the reduction provided for under Section 10A(a) above, shall mean the amount of the Contingent Compensation Payments, as so computed, that
Executive would retain after payment of all taxes (including without limitation any federal, state or local income taxes, the Excise Tax or any other excise taxes, any Medicare or other employment taxes, and any other taxes) imposed on such
Contingent Compensation Payments in the year or years in which payable; and (y) the amount of such taxes shall be computed at the rates in effect under the applicable tax laws in the year in which the 280G Change in Control occurs, or if then
ascertainable, the rates in effect in any later year in which any Contingent Compensation Payment is expected to be paid following the 280G Change in Control, and in the case of any income taxes, by using the maximum combined federal, state and (if
applicable) local income tax rates then in effect under such laws.

(d)A determination as to whether any Excise Tax is payable with respect to Executives Contingent Compensation Payments and if so, as to the
amount thereof, and a determination as to whether any reduction in Executives Contingent Compensation Payments is required pursuant to the provisions of Sections 10A(a) and 10A(c) above, and if so, as to the amount of the reduction so required,
shall be made by no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the closing of the transaction or the occurrence of the event that constitutes the 280G Change in Control. Such determinations, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such
determinations, shall be made by an independent auditor (the Auditor) jointly selected by Executive and the Company, all of
whose fees and expenses shall be borne and directly paid solely by the Company. The Auditor shall be a nationally recognized public accounting firm which has not, during the two years preceding the date of its selection, acted in any way on behalf
of the Company or any of its affiliates. If Executive and the Company cannot agree on the firm to serve as the Auditor, then Executive and the Company shall each select one accounting firm and those two firms shall jointly select the accounting
firm to serve as the Auditor, all of whose fees and expenses shall be borne and directly paid solely by the Company. The Auditor shall provide a written report of its determinations, including detailed supporting calculations, both to Executive
and to the Company. The determinations made by the Auditor pursuant to this Section 10A(d) shall be binding upon Executive and the Company.

(e)For purposes of the foregoing, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

(i)280G Change in Control
shall mean a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, as determined in accordance with Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code and the regulations issued
thereunder.

-6-

(ii)Contingent Compensation
Payment shall mean any payment or benefit in the nature of compensation that is to be paid or provided to Executive or for Executives benefit in connection with a 280G Change in Control (whether under this Agreement or otherwise,
including by the entity, or by any affiliate of the entity, whose acquisition of the stock of the Company or its assets constitutes the 280G Change in Control) if Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code)
at the time of the 280GChange in Control, to the extent that such payment or benefit is contingent on the 280G Change in Control within the meaning of Section
280G(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.

(iii)Excise Tax Threshold
Amount shall mean an amount equal to (x) three times Executives base amount within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder, less (y) $1.

[The Signature Page
Follows]

-7-

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its
duly authorized officer and Executive has executed and delivered this Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date.

COMPANY

Match Group, Inc.

By:

/s/ Sean Edgett

Name: Sean Edgett

Title: Chief Legal Officer

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Spencer Rascoff

Spencer Rascoff

[Signature Page to Employment Agreement]

EXHIBIT A

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.TERMINATION

OF EXECUTIVES EMPLOYMENT.

(a)DEATH. Executives employment shall terminate
automatically upon Executives death. In the event Executives employment hereunder is terminated by reason of Executives death, the Company shall pay Executives designated beneficiary or beneficiaries (or, if none, Executives estate), within
thirty (30) days of Executives death (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law) in a single, lump sum in cash, (i) Executives Base Salary through the end of the month in which Executives death occurs; and (ii) any Accrued
Obligations (as defined below). In addition, subject to the satisfaction of any applicable performance goals, any Awards held by Executive that are outstanding and unvested as of the Termination Date, shall vest (and, as applicable, become
exercisable) on an accelerated basis upon such Termination Date (or, if later, upon attainment of applicable performance goals) as to a number of shares subject to such Award that would have vested (and, as applicable, become exercisable) at any
time through the first anniversary of the Termination Date had Executive remained in continuous employment with the Company through such anniversary, it being understood that, in the case of a performance-based award, if the end of the applicable
performance period occurs after the first anniversary of the Termination Date, such award shall vest pro-rata based upon the number of days employed in the Performance Period to the total number of days in the Performance Period, and shall, as
applicable, be settled in accordance with their terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the terms of any future awards may be varied in the governing documents of such award, and (B) this Section 1(a) shall not apply to the Value Creation Award
(the treatment of which upon termination of employment is set forth on Exhibit C-2).

(b)DISABILITY. As used herein, Disability shall mean such term (or word of like import) as defined under the long-term disability policy of the Company
regardless of whether Executive is covered by such policy. If the Company does not have a long-term disability policy in place, Disability means that Executive is unable to carry out the responsibilities and functions of the position held by
Executive by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of four (4) consecutive months. If within thirty (30) days after written notice of a pending termination for Disability is provided to Executive by the
Company (in accordance with Section 4A above), Executive is not able to substantially perform Executives duties hereunder, then Executives employment under this Agreement may be terminated by the Company due to such Disability. During any period
prior to such termination during which Executive is absent from the full-time performance of Executives duties with the Company due to Disability, the Company shall continue to pay Executives Base Salary at the rate in effect at the commencement
of such period of Disability, offset by any amounts payable to Executive under any disability insurance plan or policy provided by the Company. Upon termination of Executives employment due to Disability, the Company shall pay Executive within
thirty (30) days of such termination (or such earlier date as may be required by applicable law) in a single, lump sum in cash (i) Executives Base Salary through the end of the month in which termination occurs, offset by any amounts payable to
Executive under any disability insurance plan or policy provided by the Company and (ii) any Accrued Obligations.

(c)TERMINATION FOR CAUSE; TERMINATION BY EXECUTIVE WITHOUT
GOOD REASON. Upon the termination of Executives employment by the Company for Cause (as defined below) or by Executive without Good Reason (as defined below), the Company shall have no further obligation hereunder, except for the
payment of any Accrued Obligations. 

As used herein, Cause shall mean: (i) the plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, or conviction for, a felony offense by Executive; provided, however,
that (A) after indictment, the Company may suspend Executive from the rendition of services, but without limiting or modifying in any other way the Companys obligations under this Agreement, and (B) Executives employment shall be immediately
reinstated if the indictment is dismissed or otherwise dropped and there is not otherwise grounds to terminate Executives employment for Cause; (ii) a material breach by Executive of a fiduciary duty owed to the Company; (iii) a material breach by
Executive of any of the covenants made by Executive in Section 2 below; (iv) Executives continued willful failure to perform or gross neglect of the material duties required by this Agreement (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity
due to physical or mental illness); or (v) a knowing and material violation by Executive of any material Company policy pertaining to ethics, wrongdoing or conflicts of interest, which policy had been provided to Executive in writing or otherwise
made generally available prior to such violation; provided, that in the case of conduct described in clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above which
is capable of being cured, Executive shall have a period of no less than ten (10) days after Executive is provided with written notice (specifying in reasonable detail the acts or omissions believed to constitute Cause and the steps necessary to
remedy such condition, if curable) in which to cure, which such notice specifically identifies the breach, the nature of the willful or gross neglect or the violation that the Company believes constitutes Cause.

(d)TERMINATION BY THE COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR DUE TO
NON-RENEWAL; RESIGNATION BY EXECUTIVE FOR GOOD REASON WITHOUT A CHANGE IN CONTROL. If Executives employment hereunder is terminated prior to the expiration of the Term by the Company for any reason other than for Cause or due to
Non-Renewal (as defined below), or if Executive terminates Executives employment hereunder prior to the expiration of the Term for Good Reason, in any case, outside of the Change in Control Period (as defined below), then:

(i)the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to twelve (12) months of the Base Salary, payable in substantially equal installments
in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices over the twelve (12) months from the Termination Date (the Severance
Period), which installments shall commence on the first payroll date following the effective date of the Release (as defined below) and amounts otherwise payable prior to such first payroll date shall be paid on such date without interest
thereon (it being understood that if any applicable Release consideration/revocation period spans two calendar years, in no event shall any such payments be made prior to the first Company payroll date in the latter such calendar year, if later
than the date such payments would otherwise commence);

(ii)in addition, the Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to the sum of (A) Executives Target Bonus (i.e., an amount equal to two
hundred percent (200%) of Executives then-current Base Salary) and (B) any annual bonus that would have been earned by Executive for the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs (determined in accordance
with Section 3A(b) above) but for the fact that Executive was not employed through the payment date and which remains unpaid as of the Termination Date (if any), in each case, payable within sixty (60) days after the Termination Date;

(iii)In addition, the Company shall pay Executive within thirty (30) days after the Termination Date (or such earlier date as may be required
by applicable law) in a lump sum in cash any Accrued Obligations;

(iv)any Awards held by Executive that are outstanding and unvested as of the Termination Date, shall vest (and, as applicable, become
exercisable) on an accelerated basis upon such Termination Date (or, if later, upon attainment of applicable performance goals) as to a number of shares subject to such Award that would have vested (and, as applicable, become exercisable) at any
time through the first anniversary of the Termination Date had Executive remained in continuous employment with the Company through such anniversary, it being understood that, in the case of a performance-based award, if the end of the applicable performance period occurs after the first anniversary of the Termination Date, such award shall vest pro-rata based upon the number of days employed in
the Performance Period to the total number of days in the Performance Period, and shall, as applicable, be settled in accordance with their terms. 

A-2

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) the terms of any future awards, other than any annual/periodic awards made to officers
of the Company generally, may be varied in the governing documents of such awards with respect to terms other than the vesting accelerations described in this Section 1(d)(iv), and (B) this Section 1(d)(iv) shall not apply to the Value Creation
Award (the treatment of which upon termination of employment is set forth on Exhibit C-2); and

(v)the Company shall, during the Severance Period, provide Executive with continued coverage under the Companys group health plan, at the
Companys cost, or with an additional taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the full premiums for continued healthcare coverage under the Companys plans through COBRA, at the same coverage level as in effect for Executive as of the
Termination Date. The payment under this clause (v) shall be grossed up for applicable taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Executive obtains alternative employment during the Severance Period offering employer-paid healthcare
coverage that is no less favorable in the aggregate than the benefits provided under the Companys group health plan for active employees, Executive shall enroll in and obtain coverage under such new employers plan at the earliest opportunity and
the Companys obligations under this clause (v) shall cease as of the effective date of such alternate coverage.

For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without Executives prior written consent: (A)the
Company requiring Executive to report to any person or persons other than the Board and its Chairman, (B) a material diminution in title or the assignment of duties and responsibilities to, or limitation on duties of, Executive materially
inconsistent with Executives position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, excluding for this purpose any such instance that is an isolated and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith or that is authorized pursuant to this Agreement, (C) a
material reduction in Executives Base Salary or Target Bonus, (D) the Company requiring Executives Principal Location to be in a location outside of the Los Angeles Metropolitan Area, (E) the failure of the Company during the Term to cause
Executive to be nominated to stand for election to the Board or the Companys removal of the Executive from the Board (in each case, other than for Cause), or (F) any material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any other written agreement
between Executive and the Company or any Company affiliate; provided that in no event shall Executives resignation be for Good Reason unless
(x) an event or circumstance constituting Good Reason shall have occurred and Executive provides the Company with written notice thereof within thirty (30) days after Executive has knowledge of the occurrence or existence of such event or
circumstance, which notice specifically identifies the event or circumstance that Executive believes constitutes Good Reason, (y) the Company fails to correct the circumstance or event so identified within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such
notice, and (z) Executive resigns within ninety (90) days after the date of delivery of the notice referred to in clause (x) above.

(e)TERMINATION BY THE COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR DUE TO
NON-RENEWAL; RESIGNATION BY EXECUTIVE FOR GOOD REASON IN CONNECTION WITH A CHANGE IN CONTROL. If Executives employment hereunder is terminated during the Term by the Company for any reason other than for Cause or due to
Non-Renewal, or if Executive terminates Executives employment hereunder during the Term for Good Reason, in any case, within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (the Change in Control Period), then Executive shall be entitled to receive the same severance entitlements described in Section 1(d), except that:

(i)the total amount of payments pursuant to Section 1(d)(i) shall be equal to eighteen (18) months of the Base Salary, payable in
substantially equal installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll practices over the eighteen (18) months from the Termination Date (the CIC Severance Period);

A-3

(ii)the total amount of payments payable pursuant to Section 1(d)(ii) shall be equal to the sum of (A) 1.5x Executives Target Bonus (i.e., an
amount equal to three hundred percent (300%) of Executives then-current Base Salary) and (B) any annual bonus that would have been earned by Executive for the calendar year immediately preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs
(determined in accordance with Section 3A(b) above) but for the fact that Executive was not employed through the payment date and which remains unpaid as of the Termination Date (if any);

(iii)the performance conditions with respect to any outstanding Awards shall be deemed satisfied at the greater of target and actual
performance as of the date of such Change in Control and such Awards shall become vested as soon as practicable following the Termination Date; and

(iv)the benefits payable pursuant to Section 1(d)(v) shall be paid or provided during the CIC Severance Period (i.e., up to eighteen (18)
months rather than up to twelve (12) months).

(f)RELEASE. The payments and severance benefits
described in Sections 1(d) and 1(e) (including treatment of the Value Creation Award upon a Qualifying Termination as set forth on Exhibit C-2), with the
exception of Section 1(d)(iii), shall be subject to Executives compliance in all material respects with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 2 below (and, for clarity, the Company shall provide Executive with written notice and
reasonable opportunity to cure (to the extent capable cure) any breach of such restrictive covenants) and Executives execution within twenty-one (21) days following the Termination Date (or such longer period as may be required by applicable law)
and non-revocation of a mutual general release of claims in substantially the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B (the Release). For the avoidance of doubt, all Awards eligible for accelerated vesting pursuant to Sections 1(d)(iv) and 1(e)(iii) hereof shall remain
outstanding and eligible to vest following the Termination Date and shall actually vest and become exercisable (if applicable) and non-forfeitable subject to the Release becoming effective by its own terms and subject to the satisfaction of any
applicable performance conditions.

(g)EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT. Except as expressly
provided in this Section 1, Executive shall not be entitled to any additional payments or benefits upon or in connection with Executives termination of employment.

(h)ACCRUED OBLIGATIONS. As used in this
Agreement, Accrued Obligations shall mean the sum of (i) any portion of Executives accrued but unpaid Base Salary through
the Termination Date; (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by Executive prior to the Termination Date that are reimbursable in accordance with Section 3A(c)(ii) above; (iii) the value of any accrued and unused vacation days; and (iv)
any compensation previously earned but deferred by Executive (together with any interest or earnings thereon) that has not yet been paid and that is not otherwise scheduled to be paid at a later date pursuant to any deferred compensation
arrangement of the Company to which Executive is a party, if any (provided, that any election made by Executive pursuant to any deferred
compensation arrangement that is subject to Section 409A regarding the schedule for payment of such deferred compensation shall prevail over this Section 1(h) to the extent inconsistent herewith).

(i)NON-RENEWAL. If the Company delivers a
Non-Renewal Notice to Executive then, provided Executives employment hereunder continues through the expiration of the ninety (90)-day notice
period then in effect (and that Executive would, absent such Non-Renewal Notice, be willing to continue employment on the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement at such time), effective as of such expiration date, Executives employment
with the Company automatically will terminate (such termination, a Non-Renewal).

A-4

(j)RESIGNATION FROM ALL POSITIONS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, upon the termination of Executives employment for any reason, unless otherwise requested by the Board,
Executive shall immediately resign as of the Termination Date from all positions that Executive holds with the Company and any of its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the Board and all boards of directors of any subsidiary of the
Company or any parent company of the Company. Executive hereby agrees to execute all documentation and to take all reasonable actions necessary to effectuate such resignations upon request by the Company.

(i)POST-TERMINATION EXERCISE PERIOD FOR STOCK OPTIONS. 

In the event of Executives termination of employment for any reason, other than a termination of employment by the Company for Cause or by Executive voluntarily without Good Reason, and subject to Executives timely execution and non-revocation of
a Release (as provided in Section 1(f) above), any then-vested options to purchase Company stock or parent stock (including options vesting as a result of any accelerated vesting upon such termination of employment, if any), shall remain
outstanding and exercisable through the date that is twelve (12) months following the date of such termination or, if earlier, through the scheduled expiration date of such options.

2.CONFIDENTIAL

INFORMATION; NON-COMPETITION; NON-SOLICITATION; AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

(a)CONFIDENTIALITY. Executive acknowledges that,
while employed by the Company, Executive has occupied and will occupy a position of trust and confidence. The Company has provided and shall provide Executive with Confidential Information (as defined below). Executive shall not, except as
Executive in good faith deems appropriate to perform Executives duties hereunder or as required by applicable law or regulation, governmental investigation, subpoena, or in connection with enforcing the terms of this Agreement (or any agreement
referenced herein) without limitation in time, communicate, divulge, disseminate, disclose to others or otherwise use, whether directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean information about the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, and their respective businesses, employees, consultants, contractors, clients and customers that is not disclosed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates for financial reporting purposes or otherwise generally made
available to the public (other than by Executives breach of the terms hereof or the terms of any previous confidentiality obligation by Executive to the Company) and that was learned or developed by Executive in the course of employment by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, including (without limitation) any proprietary knowledge, trade secrets, data, formulae, information and client and customer lists and all papers, resumes, and records (including computer records)
of the documents containing such Confidential Information, provided, that Confidential Information shall not include any information that is
generally known to the public or in the relevant industry or which becomes known through no fault of Executive. Executive acknowledges that such Confidential Information is specialized, unique in nature and of great value to the Company and its
subsidiaries or affiliates, and that such information gives the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates a competitive advantage. Executive agrees to deliver, return to the Company (or destroy, to the extent physically returning the following is
not possible), at the Companys written request at any time or upon termination or expiration of Executives employment or as soon thereafter as possible, whether kept in tangible form or intangible form in the cloud or otherwise, all documents,
computer tapes and disks, records, lists, data, drawings, prints, notes and written and digital information (and all copies thereof) furnished by the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates or prepared by Executive in the course of Executives
employment by the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates; provided, that, Executive may retain Executives personal effects, contacts,
copies of documentation reasonably necessary for Executive to prepare Executives tax returns and documents relating to Executives compensation. As used in this Agreement, subsidiaries and affiliates shall mean any company controlled by,
controlling or under common control with the Company.

A-5

(b)NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES. Executive
recognizes that Executive possesses and will possess Confidential Information about other employees, consultants and contractors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates relating to their education, experience, skills, abilities,
compensation and benefits, and inter-personal relationships with suppliers to and customers of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Executive recognizes that the information Executive possesses and will possess about these other
employees, consultants and contractors is not generally known, is of substantial value to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates in developing their respective businesses and in securing and retaining customers, and has been and will be
acquired by Executive because of Executives business position with the Company. Executive agrees that, during the Term, and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit or hire any
employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (or any individual who was an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries at any time during the six (6) months prior to such act of hiring, solicitation or recruitment) for
the purpose of being employed by Executive or by any business, individual, partnership, firm, corporation or other entity on whose behalf Executive is acting as an agent, representative or employee and that Executive will not convey any such
Confidential Information or trade secrets about other employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to any other person except within the scope of Executives duties hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive is not precluded from
soliciting or hiring any individual who (i) initiates discussions regarding employment on his or her own, (ii) responds to any public advertisement or general solicitation, or (iii) has resigned or been terminated by the Company prior to the
solicitation.

(c)NON-SOLICITATION OF BUSINESS PARTNERS. During
the Term, and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, persuade or encourage any business partners or business affiliates of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates
to cease doing business with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.

(d)PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; ASSIGNMENT. All Employee
Developments (as defined below) are and shall be considered works made for hire by Executive for the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive agrees that all rights of any kind in any Employee Developments belong exclusively to
the Company. In order to permit the Company to exploit such Employee Developments, Executive shall promptly and fully report all such Employee Developments to the Company. Except in furtherance of his obligations as an employee of the Company,
Executive shall not use or reproduce any portion of any record associated with any Employee Development without prior written consent of the Company or, as applicable, its subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive agrees that in the event actions of
Executive are required to ensure that such rights belong to the Company under applicable laws, Executive will cooperate and take whatever such actions are reasonably requested by the Company, whether during or after the Term, and without the need
for separate or additional compensation. For purposes of this Agreement, Employee Developments means any discovery,
invention, design, method, technique, improvement, enhancement, development, computer program, machine, algorithm or other work or authorship that (i) relates to the business or operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or
(ii) results from or is suggested by any undertaking assigned to Executive or work performed by Executive for or on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, whether created alone or with others, during or after working hours
(including before the Effective Date). All Confidential Information and all Employee Developments shall remain the sole property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Executive has not acquired and shall not acquire any
proprietary interest in any Confidential Information or Employee Developments developed or acquired during the Term. To the extent Executive may, by operation of law or otherwise, acquire any right, title or interest in or to any Confidential
Information or Employee Development, Executive hereby assigns to the Company all such proprietary rights. Executive shall, both during and after the Term, upon the Companys request, promptly execute and deliver to the Company all such
assignments, certificates and instruments, and shall promptly perform such other acts, as the Company may from time to time in its discretion deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, enforce or defend the Companys rights in Confidential Information and Employee Developments. THIS PARAGRAPH DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY EMPLOYEE DEVELOPMENT WHICH QUALIFIES FULLY UNDER THE PROVISIONS
OF SECTION 2870 OF THE LABOR CODE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT AS EXHIBIT A-1 hereto.

A-6

(e)CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything herein to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall prohibit Executive from (i) filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to, participating in any investigation by, or cooperating with
any governmental agency or entity or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation and/or (ii) communicating directly with, cooperating with, or providing information (including trade
secrets) in confidence to, any federal, state or local government regulator (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the U.S. Department of Justice) for the
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or from providing such information to Executives attorney or in a sealed complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other governmental proceeding. Pursuant to 18 USC
Section 1833(b), Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made: (x) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either
directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (y) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.
Without limiting the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that the undersigned has reason
to believe is unlawful.

(f)COMPLIANCE WITH POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. 
During the period that Executive is employed with the Company hereunder, Executive shall adhere to the policies and standards of professionalism set forth in the Companys Policies and Procedures as they may exist from time to time.

(g)SURVIVAL OF PROVISIONS. The obligations
contained in this Section 2 shall, to the extent provided in this Section 2, survive the termination or expiration of Executives employment with the Company and, as applicable, shall be fully enforceable thereafter in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement. If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in this Section 2 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of that state, it is the intention of
the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law of that state.

3.TERMINATION
OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS / EXISTING CLAIMS / AUTHORITY. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto and, as of the Effective Date, terminates and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings
(whether written or oral) between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has made, and no such person or entity is making, and in
executing this Agreement, Executive has not relied upon, any representations, promises or inducements except to the extent the same is expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Company represents that it has due authority to enter into this
Agreement and has taken all necessary corporate action to enter into this Agreement and provide the compensation set forth herein.

4.ASSIGNMENT;

SUCCESSORS. This Agreement is personal in its nature and none of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the others, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder,other than Executive to his heirs and beneficiaries upon his death to the extent provided in this Agreement; provided that in the event of the merger, consolidation, transfer, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company with or to any other individual or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants,
duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder, and in the event of any such assignment or transaction, all references herein to the Company shall refer to the Companys assignee or successor hereunder.

A-7

5.WITHHOLDING. 

The Company shall make such deductions and withhold such amounts from each payment and benefit made or provided to Executive hereunder, as may be required from time to time by applicable law, governmental regulation or order.

6.HEADING
REFERENCES. Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. References to this Agreement or the use of the term
hereof shall refer to these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Employment Agreement attached hereto, taken as a whole.

7.REMEDIES
FOR BREACH.

(a)Executive expressly agrees and understands that Executive will notify the Company in writing of any alleged breach of this Agreement by
the Company, and the Company will have thirty (30) days from receipt of Executives notice to cure any such breach. Executive expressly agrees and understands that in the event of any termination of Executives employment by the Company during the
Term, the Companys contractual obligations to Executive shall be fulfilled through compliance with its obligations under these Standard Terms and Conditions.

(b)Executive expressly agrees and understands that the remedy at law for any breach by Executive of Section 2 of these Standard Terms and
Conditions will be inadequate and that damages flowing from such breach are not usually susceptible to being measured in monetary terms. Accordingly, it is acknowledged that, upon Executives violation of any provision of such Section 2, the
Company shall be entitled to seek from any court of competent jurisdiction immediate injunctive relief and a temporary order restraining any threatened or further breach as well as an equitable accounting of all profits or benefits arising out of
such violation. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit the Companys remedies at law or in equity for any breach by Executive of any of the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 2, which may be pursued by or available to the
Company.

8.WAIVER;
MODIFICATION. Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants, or conditions hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of, or failure
to insist upon strict compliance with, any right or power hereunder at any one or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times. This Agreement shall not be modified in any respect except by a
writing executed by each party hereto.

9.SEVERABILITY. 

In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion of this Agreement is in violation of any law or public policy, only the portions of this Agreement that violate such law or public policy shall be stricken. All
portions of this Agreement that do not violate any statute or public policy shall continue in full force and effect. Further, any court order striking any portion of this Agreement shall modify the stricken terms as narrowly as possible to give as
much effect as possible to the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

10.SARBANES-OXLEY

ACT OF 2002. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Company determines, in its good faith judgment, that any transfer or deemed transfer of funds hereunder is likely to be construed as a personal loan prohibited by
Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, then such transfer or deemed transfer shall be provided to Executive as
compensation (and not as a loan) to Executive (and as such shall be subject to tax withholding obligations).

A-8

11.EXECUTIVE
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS. Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that (a) Executive is entering into this Agreement voluntarily and that Executives acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of
Executives duties and responsibilities hereunder will not, in any case, violate any agreement between Executive and any other person, firm, organization or other entity; and (b) Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any
previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party, in any case, that would be violated by Executives entering into this Agreement and/or providing
services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

* * * * *

A-9

EXHIBIT A-1

CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE

SECTION 2870-2872

2870. (a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an invention
to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions that either:

1. 

Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employers business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of
the employer; or

2. 

Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer.

To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an invention
otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy of this state and is unenforceable.

2871. No
employer shall require a provision made void and unenforceable by Section 2870 as a condition of employment or continued employment. Nothing in this article shall be construed to forbid or restrict the right of an employer to provide in contracts of
employment for disclosure, provided that any such disclosures be received in confidence, of all of the employees inventions made solely or
jointly with others during the term of his or her employment, a review process by the employer to determine such issues as may arise, and for full title to certain patents and inventions to be in the United States, as required by contracts between
the employer and the United States or any of its agencies.

2872. If an
employment agreement entered into after January 1, 1980, contains a provision requiring the employee to assign or offer to assign any of his or her rights in any invention to his or her employer, the employer must also, at the time the agreement is
made provide a written notification to the employee that the agreement does not apply to an invention which qualifies fully under the provisions of Section 2870. In any suit or action arising thereunder, the burden of proof shall be on the employee
claiming the benefits of its provisions.

A-1-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF RELEASE

THIS

RELEASE (the Release) is entered into between Spencer Rascoff (Executive)

and Match Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), for the benefit of the Company and other Releasees (as defined below). The entering into and
non-revocation of this Release is a condition to Executives right to receive certain payments and benefits under Section 1 of the Standard Terms and Conditions attached as Exhibit

A (the Standard Terms and Conditions) to that certain employment agreement entered into by and between Executive and the Company, effective as
of February 4, 2025 (the Employment Agreement). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Employment Agreement.

Accordingly, Executive and the Company agree as follows.

1.In consideration for the payments and other benefits provided to Executive by the Employment Agreement, to which Executive is
not otherwise entitled, and the sufficiency of which Executive acknowledges, Executive represents and agrees, as follows:

(a)Executive, for Executives self and Executives heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and assigns (collectively Releasers), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever discharges and agrees not to sue the Company or any of its parents,
subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related entities and their current and former directors, officers, shareholders, trustees, employees, consultants, independent contractors, representatives, agents, servants, successors and assigns and all
persons acting by, through or under or in concert with any of them (collectively Releasees), from all claims, rights and liabilities up to and including
the date of this Release arising from or relating to Executives employment with, or termination of employment from, the Company, and from any and all charges, complaints, claims, liabilities, obligations, promises, agreements, controversies,
damages, actions, causes of actions, suits, rights, demands, costs, losses, debts and expenses of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected and any claims of wrongful discharge, breach of contract, implied contract,
promissory estoppel, defamation, slander, libel, tortious conduct, employment discrimination or claims under any federal, state or local employment statute, law, order or ordinance, including any rights or claims arising under Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, 29 U.S.C. 621 et seq. (ADEA), or any other federal,
state or municipal ordinance relating to discrimination in employment. Nothing contained herein shall restrict the parties rights to enforce the terms of this Release.

(b)To the maximum extent permitted by law, Executive agrees that Executive has not filed, nor will Executive ever file, a lawsuit asserting
any claims which are released by this Release, or to accept any benefit from any lawsuit which might be filed by another person or government entity based in whole or in part on any event, act, or omission which is the subject of this Release.

(c)This Release specifically excludes (i) Executives rights and the Companys obligations to provide severance payments under Section 1 of
the Standard Terms and Conditions; (ii) Executives right to indemnification under Section 9A of the Employment Agreement or otherwise under the Companys organizational documents, applicable insurance policies or applicable law; (iii) Executives
right to assert claims for workers compensation or unemployment benefits; (iv) Executives vested rights under any retirement or welfare benefit plan of the Company or under any equity or equity-linked award that remains outstanding following the
Termination Date (as defined in the Employment Agreement) in accordance with their terms; or (v) any other rights that may not be waived by an employee under applicable law. Nothing contained in this Release shall release Executive from Executives
obligations, including any obligations to abide by restrictive covenants, under the Employment Agreement that continue or are to be performed following termination
of employment.

B-1

(d)The parties agree that this Release shall not affect the rights and responsibilities of the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
(hereinafter EEOC) to enforce ADEA and other laws. In addition, the parties agree that this Release shall not be used to justify interfering with
Executives protected right to file a charge or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC. The parties further agree that Executive knowingly and voluntarily waives all rights or claims (that arose prior to Executives
execution of this Release) the Releasers may have against the Releasees, or any of them, to receive any benefit or remedial relief (including, but not limited to, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, damages, attorneys fees, experts fees) as a
consequence of any investigation or proceeding conducted by the EEOC.

2.Executive acknowledges that the Company has specifically advised Executive of the right to seek the advice of an attorney
concerning the terms and conditions of this Release. Executive further acknowledges that Executive has been furnished with a copy of this Release, and Executive has been afforded at least twenty-one (21) days in which to consider the terms and
conditions set forth above prior to this Release. If Executive signs this Release prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day period, Executive waives the remainder of that period. Executive waives the restarting of the twenty-one (21) day
period in the event of any modification of this Release, whether or not material.

3.By executing this Release, Executive affirmatively states that Executive has had sufficient and reasonable time to review
this Release and to consult with an attorney concerning Executives legal rights prior to the final execution of this Release. Executive further agrees that Executive has carefully read this Release and fully understands its terms. Executive
understands that Executive may revoke this Release within seven (7) days after signing this Release. Revocation of this Release must be made in writing and must be received by the General Counsel of the Company, 8750 North Central Expressway, 14th Floor, Dallas, TX 75231 on or before 5:00 p.m. (CT) on the seventh (7th) day after
the date on which Executive signs this Release.

4.Executive agrees that because the general releases herein specifically cover known and unknown claims, Executive waives his
rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code or any other comparable statute of any jurisdiction. Section 1542 states as follows: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT
TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. Executive, being aware of said Code section, hereby
expressly waives any rights he may have thereunder, as well as under any other statutes or common law principles of similar effect.

5.This Release will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas, without giving effect to
any choice of law or conflicting provision or rule (whether of the state of Texas or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the laws of any jurisdiction other than the state of Texas to be applied. In furtherance of the foregoing, the internal
law of the state of Texas will control the interpretation and construction of this agreement, even if under such jurisdictions choice of law or conflict of law analysis, the substantive law of some other jurisdiction would ordinarily apply.

6.The provisions of this Release are severable, and if any part or portion of it is found to be unenforceable, the other
paragraphs shall remain fully valid and enforceable.

B-2

7.This Release shall become effective and enforceable on the eighth day following its execution by Executive, provided
Executive does not exercise Executives right of revocation as described above. If Executive fails to sign and deliver this Release or revokes Executives signature, this Release will be without force or effect, and Executive shall not be entitled
to the payments and benefits of Sections 1(d) and 1(e), with the exception of Section 1(d)(iii), of the Standard Terms and Conditions.

Spencer Rascoff

Date:

B-3

EXHIBIT C-1

Terms & Conditions of Performance Stock Units

Performance-Based Vesting Conditions: In

order for the performance-based restricted stock units (PSUs) to vest, the award recipient must be continuously employed as a
service provider by Match Group or one of its subsidiaries through the Vesting Date (as defined below) (the Continuous Service
Requirement).

Assuming the satisfaction of the Continuous Service Requirement, the number of PSUs that will be earned and vest on the Vesting Date
shall be determined by application of the Performance Conditions as set forth below, subject to the terms set forth in the 2024 Plan and the award agreement.

Final determinations regarding the levels of Performance Conditions achieved (and corresponding number of PSUs earned) shall be made
by the Committee in good faith.

Impact of a Termination of
Employment: Except as otherwise provided in the 2024 Plan, the award agreement or the Employment Agreement, upon Executives termination of employment prior to the Vesting Date, any and all PSUs will be forfeited and canceled in their
entirety.

Performance Conditions:
Assuming the satisfaction of the Continuous Service Requirement, the total number of PSUs (and any dividend equivalents) that may be earned ranges from zero percent (0%) to two-hundred percent (200%) of the Target PSUs (and any dividend equivalents)
based on the achieved results against the Performance Conditions as set forth in this Exhibit C-1. The number of PSUs (and any dividend equivalents) that will
be earned and vest on the Vesting Date shall be determined as described below.

Following the conclusion of the Performance Period, the number of earned PSUs (and any dividend equivalents), if any, are adjusted by
applying a modifier (the Relative TSR Multiplier) to the number of Target PSUs (and any dividend equivalents), as set forth
in the table below.

rTSR Percentile Ranking Among TSR Peer Group 

Relative TSR Multiplier(1)(2)

Below 30th (Below Threshold) 

0%

30th (Threshold) 

30%

55th (Target) 

100%

90th and above (Maximum) 

200%

(1) For performance between the Threshold and Target performance levels or between the Target and Maximum performance levels, the
Relative TSR Multiplier will be interpolated between the levels on a straight-line basis, rounded down to the nearest whole number of PSUs. Failure to achieve the Threshold performance level will result in no Shares (as defined in the 2024 Plan)
being issued for the PSUs (or any dividend equivalents), and no additional Shares will be issued for performance exceeding the Maximum performance level.

C-1-1

(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Match Groups TSR is negative for the applicable Performance Period, the maximum Relative TSR
Multiplier possible will be 100% regardless of relative performance.

NASDAQ-Composite
means the stock market index known as the Nasdaq-Composite Index or, in the event such index is no longer published at any given time, an alternative stock market index deemed comparable by the Committee.

Performance
Period means the three-year period beginning on March 1, 2025 and ending on March 1, 2028.

Total Shareholder Return (TSR) means the stock
price appreciation from the beginning to the end of the Performance Period, plus dividends and distributions made or declared during the Performance Period (it shall be assumed that such dividends or distributions are reinvested in the common stock
of Match Group or the applicable member of the Nasdaq-Composite as of the ex-dividend date), expressed as a percentage return. TSR for Match Group and each company in the TSR Peer Group will be calculated as follows:

TSR = 

(Ending Average + Dividends Paid) - Beginning Average

Beginning Average

Beginning Average:
the volume-weighted average closing price of a share of Match Groups or the respective TSR Peer Group companys common stock, as applicable, for the 30 trading days prior to and including the first day of the Performance Period on the stock exchange
on which shares of such companys common stock were traded.

Ending Average:
the volume-weighted average closing price of a share of Match Groups or the respective TSR Peer Group companys common stock, as applicable, over the 30 trading days prior to and including the last day of the Performance Period on the stock exchange
on which shares of such companys common stock were traded.

Dividends Paid:
the total of all dividends paid on one share of Match Groups or the respective TSR Peer Group companys common stock, as applicable, during the Performance Period, provided that the record date occurs during the Performance Period, and provided further that dividends shall be treated as though they are reinvested on the ex-dividend date using the closing price of a share of the
respective companys common stock on that day.

With respect to the computation of TSR, Beginning Average and Ending Average, to the extent deemed appropriate by the Committee, in
its good faith judgment, there shall also be an equitable and proportionate adjustment to the extent (if any) necessary to preserve the intended incentives of the awards and mitigate the impact of any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split,
reorganization, share combination, or recapitalization or similar event affecting the capital structure of Match Group or each company in the TSR Peer Group occurring during the Performance Period (or during the applicable 30-day period in
determining Beginning Average or Ending Average, as the case may be).

Match Groups TSR will be measured relative to the TSR Peer Group companies for the Performance Period (the rTSR).

TSR Peer Group
means the member companies in the Nasdaq-Composite at both the beginning and the end of the Performance Period, excluding Match Group.

C-1-2

Vesting Datemeans the date the Committee certifies the actual performance achieved compared to the target performance level. The Committee will review the level
of achievement within a reasonable period of time following the end of the Performance Period and any earned portion of the award will be converted into Shares and distributed as promptly as practicable thereafter.

* * * * *

C-1-3

EXHIBIT C-2

Value Creation Award Vesting Terms

(a)Capitalized Terms.

(i)Post-Termination FMV
means the volume weighted average of the closing prices of a share of Company common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market (or other applicable exchange) for any forty-five (45) consecutive calendar days that occur during the period beginning on the
date of the Qualifying Termination and ending on the earlier of (A) the first anniversary of the Qualifying Termination and (B) May 4, 2028.

(ii)Standard FMV
means the volume weighted average of the closing prices of a share of Company common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market (or other applicable exchange) for any forty-five (45) consecutive calendar days that occur during the period beginning on
February 5, 2027 and ending February 4, 2028 (the Measurement Period); provided, however, that if (A) any of the hurdles set forth above has not been achieved on or prior to February
4, 2028, and (B) the volume weighted average of the closing prices of a share of Company common stock during the ten trading days ending on February 4, 2028 equals or exceeds such hurdle, then the Measurement Period will be extended through May 4,
2028.

(b)Regular Vesting. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the provisions of the 2024 Plan, the Value Creation Award will vest in accordance with the Regular Vesting
Matrix below and Executive shall forfeit any portion of the Value Creation Award that does not so vest.

Regular Vesting Matrix

Standard FMV 

Portion of Shares (determined in accordance with
Section 3A(d)(i)(C))that Vest/Vesting Date

Tranche 1 Hurdle 

$40 or higher 

1/6 on date of achievement of a Standard FMV of $40 or more, subject to Executives continuous employment through such date 

1/6 on February 4, 2028, subject to the prior achievement of a Standard FMV of $40 or more and Executives continuous employment through February 4,
2028.

Tranche 2 Hurdle 

$50 or higher 

1/6 on date of achievement of a Standard FMV of $50 or more, subject to Executives continuous employment through such date 

1/6 on February 4, 2028, subject to the prior achievement of a Standard FMV of $50 or more and Executives continuous employment through February 4,
2028.

Tranche 3 Hurdle 

$60 or higher 

1/6 on date of achievement of a Standard FMV of $60 or more, subject to Executives continuous employment through such date 

1/6 on February 4, 2028, subject to the prior achievement of a Standard FMV of $60 or more and Executives continuous employment through February 4,
2028.

C-2-1

(c)Qualifying Termination. Upon a termination of Executives employment with the Company (i) by the Company without Cause (other than as a result of Disability), (ii) by the Executive for
Good Reason, (iii) due to Non-Renewal or (iv) due to Executives death (each of clauses (i) through (iv), a Qualifying Termination),

the Value Creation Award will vest with respect to the number of shares of Company common stock determined in accordance with the Qualifying Termination Vesting Matrix below and Executive shall forfeit any portion of the Value Creation Award that
does not so vest.

Qualifying Termination Vesting Matrix

Standard FMV 

Portion of Shares (determined in accordance with Section 3A(d)(i)(C)) that Vest/Vesting Date

$40 Standard FMV achieved or exceeded prior to Termination Date 

1/6 vest upon Termination Date

$40 Standard FMV not achieved or exceeded prior to Termination Date 

1/3 remain outstanding and eligible to vest through the first anniversary of the Termination Date (or if earlier, May 4, 2028) and will vest upon
satisfaction of a $40 Post-Termination FMV.

$50 Standard FMV achieved or exceeded prior to Termination Date 

1/6 vest upon Termination Date

$50 Standard FMV not achieved or exceeded prior to Termination Date 

1/3 remain outstanding and eligible to vest through the first anniversary of the Termination Date (or if earlier, May 4, 2028) and will vest upon
satisfaction of a $50 Post-Termination FMV.

$60 Standard FMV achieved or exceeded prior to Termination Date 

1/6 vest upon Termination Date

$60 Standard FMV not achieved or exceeded prior to Termination Date 

1/3 remain outstanding and eligible to vest through the first anniversary of the Termination Date (or if earlier, May 4, 2028) and will vest upon
satisfaction of a $60 Post-Termination FMV.

(d)Other Terminations of Employment. Upon any termination of Executives employment with the Company that is not a Qualifying Termination, any then unvested portion of the Value
Creation Award will be forfeited.

C-2-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>mtch-20250202.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mtch-20250202_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mtch-20250202_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 02, 2025

Entity File Number 001-34148

Entity Registrant Name MATCH GROUP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000891103

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-2712887

Entity Address, Address Line One 8750 North Central Expressway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1400

Entity Address, City or Town Dallas

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75231

City Area Code 214

Local Phone Number 576-9352

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol MTCH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://mtch.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mtch-20250202.xsd 
mtch-20250202_lab.xml 
mtch-20250202_pre.xml 
mtch8k020325.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0000898822-25-000002-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>mtch8k020325_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000891103 

2025-02-02 
2025-02-02 

false 
0000891103 
8-K 
2025-02-02 
MATCH GROUP, INC. 
DE 
001-34148 
59-2712887 
8750 North Central Expressway 
Suite 1400 
Dallas 
TX 
75231 
214 
576-9352 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 
MTCH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>