<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-003850.txt : 20250411
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-003850.hdr.sgml : 20250411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250411163036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-003850
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250407
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fatpipe Inc/UT
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001993400
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		EIN:				271113325
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42546
		FILM NUMBER:		25832485

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		392 E. WINCHESTER STREET, FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-560-2003

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		392 E. WINCHESTER STREET, FIFTH FLOOR
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84107
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000199340000019934002025-04-072025-04-07iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of report (date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2025

FATPIPE,
INC.

Fatpipe Inc/UT

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or
Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

Utah 001-42546 27-1113325

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

392 East
Winchester Street, Fifth Floor Salt Lake City, Utah84107

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (801)281-3434

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, no par value FATN Nasdaq
Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Entry
into Underwriting Agreement

On
April 7, 2025, FatPipe, Inc. (the Company), entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
with D. Boral Capital LLC, as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters named therein (the Underwriters),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to the Underwriters, in a firm commitment initial public offering (the Offering),
an aggregate of 695,656 shares of the Companys common stock, no par value per share (the Common Stock), at an initial
public offering price of $5.75 per share. The Common Stock was offered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File
No. 333-280925), originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on July 19, 2024, as
amended, and which was declared effective by the Commission on February 12, 2025. A post effective amendment to the registration statement
related to the Offering was filed with the Commission on March 11, 2025, and which was declared effective by the Commission on March
17, 2025.

The
Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations and warranties that the parties thereto made to, and solely for the benefit
of, the other party in the context of all of the terms and conditions of that Underwriting Agreement and in the context of the specific
relationship between the parties. The provisions of the Underwriting Agreement and schedules and exhibits thereto, including the representations
and warranties contained therein respectively, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties to such documents and agreements
and are not intended as documents for investors and the public to obtain factual information about the current state of affairs of the
parties to those documents and agreements. Rather, investors and the public should look to other disclosures contained in the Companys
filings with the Commission.

On
April 9, 2025, the Company closed the Offering. The total gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering, which does not include a potential
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, and before deducting discounts and expenses, were approximately $4,000,000.
A final prospectus relating to this Offering was filed with the Commission on April 7, 2025. The Common Stock was previously approved
for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and commenced trading under the ticker symbol FATN on April 8, 2025.

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to a copy of the
Underwriting Agreement that is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Report on this current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01
Other Events.

Issuance
of Press Release

On
April 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering and a press release on April 9, 2025, announcing
the closing of the Offering, respectively. Copies of each press release are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 and are incorporated
by reference herein.

The
press releases shall not be deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or
otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section.

This
report does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking
Statements

Matters
discussed in this report may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives,
goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements, other than statements of historical
facts. The words believe, anticipate, intends, estimate, potential,
may, should, expect pending and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements in this report are based upon various assumptions. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable
when made, because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible
to predict and are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations.

Exhibits

1.1 Underwriting Agreement dated April 7, 2025, between the Company and D. Boral Capital LLC

99.1 Press Release on Pricing dated April 7, 2025

99.2 Press Release on Closing dated April 9, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date:
April 11, 2025 FATPIPE, INC.

By: /s/ Ragula Bhaskar

Name: Ragula Bhaskar

Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex1-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

FATPIPE, INC.

and

D. BORAL CAPITAL LLC,

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

April 7, 2025

D. Boral Capital
LLC

as Representative of the several Underwriters named
on Schedule 1 attached hereto

590 Madison Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, FatPipe, Inc.,
a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Utah (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation,
all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries, the Company),
hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with D. Boral Capital LLC (hereinafter referred to as you
(including its correlatives) or the Representative), and with the other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto
for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative and such other underwriters being collectively called the
Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter) as follows:

1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES.

1.1. Firm Securities.

1.1.1. Nature
and Purchase of Firm Securities.

(i) On the basis of the
representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue
and sell to the several Underwriters, an aggregate of 695,656 authorized but unissued shares (the Firm Shares or Firm
Securities) of common stock of the Company, no par value per share (the Common Stock ).

(ii) The Underwriters,
severally and not jointly, agree to purchase from the Company the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule
1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, at a purchase price of $5.38 per Firm Share (93.5% of the public offering price for each
Firm Share). The Firm Securities are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus
(as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof).

1.1.2. Payment
and Delivery of Securities.

(i) Delivery and
payment for the Firm Securities shall be made at 10:00 a.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st)
Business Day following the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section
2.1.1 below) (or the second (2nd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration
Statement is declared effective after 4:01 p.m., Eastern time) or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and
the Company, at the offices of Lucosky Brookman LLP, 101 Wood Avenue South, Woodbridge, NJ 08830, (Representative Counsel),
or at such other place (or remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the
Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Securities is called the Closing Date.

(ii) Payment for
the Firm Securities shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable to the order of the Company
upon delivery of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing the Firm Securities (or through
the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Securities shall
be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1)
Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Securities except upon tender of
payment by the Representative for all of the Firm Securities. The term Business Day means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay-at-home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for
wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2. Over-allotment Option.

1.2.1. Option
Securities. For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Securities,
the Company hereby grants to the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 104,348 additional shares of Firm Securities (the Option
Shares or the Option Securities), representing fifteen percent (15%) of the Firm Shares sold in the offering,
from the Company (the Over-allotment Option). The purchase price to be paid per Option Share shall be equal to the
price per Firm Share set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof. The Firm Securities and the Option Securities are hereinafter collectively referred
to as the Primary Securities. The Primary Securities Shares are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Public
Securities. The offering and sale of the Primary Securities is hereinafter referred to as the Offering.

1.2.2. Exercise
of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at
any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Securities within 45 days after the Effective Date. The purchase price to be paid
per Option Share shall be equal to the Firm Share purchase price set forth in Section 1.1.1(ii) hereof. The Underwriters shall not be
under any obligation to purchase any Option Securities prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted
hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight
mail or facsimile or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for
delivery of and payment for the Option Securities (the Option Closing Date), which shall not be later than one (1)
Business Day after the date of the notice or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices
of Representative Counsel or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed
upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Securities does not occur on the Closing Date,
the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option with respect to all or any portion
of the Option Securities, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) the Company shall become obligated to sell to the
Underwriters the number of Option Shares specified in such notice and (ii) each of the Underwriters, acting severally and not jointly,
shall purchase that portion of the total number of Option Shares then being purchased as set forth in Schedule 1 opposite the name
of such Underwriter.

1.2.3. Payment
and Delivery. Payment for the Option Securities shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds,
payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to you of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) representing
the Option Shares (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Underwriters. The Option Securities shall be registered in
such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) Business Day prior
to the Option Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Securities except upon tender of payment
by the Representative for applicable Option Securities.

1.3. Reserved. 

2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. 

The Company represents and warrants
to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below), as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as
follows:

2.1. Filing of Registration
Statement.

2.1.1. Pursuant
to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, and an amendment or amendments thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280925), including any related prospectus
or prospectuses, for the registration of the Public Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act). Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at
the time the registration statement became effective (including the Preliminary Prospectus included in the registration statement, financial
statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to
be a part thereof as of the Effective Date pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 430A (the Rule 430A Information) of
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Securities Act Regulations), is referred
to herein as the Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b)
of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration
statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof.

Each prospectus used
prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and each prospectus that omitted the Rule 430A Information that was used after
such effectiveness and prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, is herein called a Preliminary Prospectus.
The Preliminary Prospectus, subject to completion, dated March 11, 2025, that was included in the Registration Statement immediately prior
to the Applicable Time is hereinafter called the Pricing Prospectus. The final prospectus in the form first furnished
to the Underwriters for use in the Offering, that includes the Rule 430A Information, is hereinafter called the Prospectus.
Any reference to the most recent Preliminary Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to the latest Preliminary Prospectus included
in the Registration Statement.

Applicable
Time means 2:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations
(Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii)
a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed
with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of
the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed
with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective
investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433 (the Bona Fide Electronic
Road Show)), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer Limited
Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

Pricing Disclosure
Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Pricing Prospectus
and the information included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

2.1.2. Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A (File Number []) providing for the registration of
the Firm Securities. The Firm Securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act). The registration of Firm Securities under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the
Commission on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the
registration of the shares of Firm Securities under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission
is contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2. Stock Exchange Listing.
The Firm Securities have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Exchange), subject only
to official notice of issuance, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the Firm Securities
from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as
described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.3. No Stop Orders,
etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any order preventing
or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or has instituted or, to the Companys
knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each request (if any)
from the Commission for additional information.

2.4. Disclosures in Registration
Statement.

2.4.1. Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i) Each of the
Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus, including the prospectus filed
as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement thereto, and the Prospectus, at the
time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the Prospectus
was or will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to the Commissions
EDGAR filing system (EDGAR), except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under the Securities Act
(Regulation S-T).

(ii) Neither the
Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option
Closing Date (if any), contained, contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iii) The Pricing
Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date (if any), did not, does not and will
not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto
does not conflict in any material respect with the information contained in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the
Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus, and each such Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together
with the Pricing Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided,
however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree
that such information provided by or on behalf of any Underwriter consists solely of the following disclosure contained in the Underwriting
section of the Prospectus: the names of the Underwriters, the information in the second paragraph under the subheading titled Discounts,
Commissions and Expenses and the information under the subheadings titled Price Stabilization, Short Positions, and Penalty
Bids and Electronic Distribution (the Underwriters Information).

(iv) Neither the
Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date or at any Option Closing Date, included, includes or will include an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and
warranty shall not apply to the Underwriters Information.

2.4.2. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements or other documents required
by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed.
Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound
or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material
to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material
respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its
terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities
laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable
defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and except for any unenforceability that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined in Section 2.5.1
below). None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge,
any other party is in material default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of
time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder except for such defaults that would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change (as defined in Section 2.5.1 below). To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company
of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment, order or decree of any governmental or regulatory agency, authority, body, entity or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation,
those relating to environmental laws and regulations, that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change as defined in Section 2.5.1 below.

2.4.3. Reserved.

2.4.4. Regulations.
The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state,
local and all foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to the Offering and the Companys business as currently conducted or
contemplated are correct and complete in all material respects and no other such laws, rules or regulations are required under the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5. No Other
Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any offering
material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus and
other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

2.5. Changes After Dates
in Registration Statement.

2.5.1. No Material
Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial
position or results of operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor to the Companys knowledge, any change
or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change,
in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company
or its Subsidiaries, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned
from any position with the Company.

2.5.2. Recent
Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability
or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in
respect to its capital stock.

2.6. Reserved.

2.7. Independent Accountants.
To the knowledge of the Company, Suri & Co. (the Auditors), whose reports are filed with the Commission as
part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting
firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB).
To the Companys knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, the Auditor is currently registered and in good standing with the PCAOB. The
Auditors have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.8. Financial Statements,
etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, fairly present in all material respects the financial position and the results of operations of
the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved (provided
that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year-end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate
and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement present fairly
in all material respects the information required to be stated therein. Except as included therein, no historical or pro forma financial
statements are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus under the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted financial information and the related notes, if any, included
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance
with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and present fairly in all material respects
the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are
appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules
and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation
S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships
of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys
financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant
components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
(a) since the date of the last balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
neither the Company nor any of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary
and, collectively, the Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent,
or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any
dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the ordinary course of business, any grants under any stock compensation
plan, and (d) there has not been any material adverse change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt. The Company represents
that it has no direct or indirect subsidiaries other than those listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Registration Statement.

2.9. Authorized Capital;
Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted capitalization set
forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, there will be no stock options,
warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Firm Securities of the Company or any
security convertible or exercisable into shares of Firm Securities of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares
of Firm Securities or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.10. Valid Issuance
of Securities, etc.

2.10.1. Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission or the
ability to force the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase such securities with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal
liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights, rights of first
refusal or rights of participation of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company.
The authorized shares of Firm Securities conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Firm Securities , options,
warrants and other outstanding securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Firm Securities , were at all relevant times either
registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations
and warranties of the purchasers of such shares of Firm Securities , exempt from such registration requirements. The description of the
Companys stock option, stock bonus and other related plans or arrangements, and options and/or other rights granted thereunder,
as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, accurately and fairly present, in all material
respects, the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights.

2.10.2. Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for,
will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason
of being such holders; the Public Securities are and will be free from all preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company,
or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and
sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to all statements
with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.11. Registration Rights
of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no holders
of any securities of the Company or any options, warrants, rights or other securities exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into
securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act
or to include any such securities in the Registration Statement or any other registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.12. Validity and Binding
Effect of Agreements. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Company,
and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms
of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought.

2.13. No Conflicts, etc.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company
of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will
not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and
provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or
encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the Company is a party except breaches,
conflicts or defaults that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (ii) result in any violation of the
provisions of the Companys Articles of Incorporation (as the same have been amended or restated from time to time, the Charter)
or the bylaws of the Company; or (iii) violate in any material respect any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order
or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof having jurisdiction over the Company.

2.14. No Defaults; Violations.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, no default exists in the due
performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan
or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument
to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject
except for any such default that would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company is not in violation
of any term or provision of its Charter or bylaws, or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation,
judgment or decree of any Governmental Entity, except for such violations that would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material
Adverse Change.

2.15. Corporate Power;
Licenses; Consents.

2.15.1. Conduct
of Business. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company has
all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all consents, authorizations, approvals, licenses, certificates, clearances, permits
and orders and supplements and amendments thereto (collectively, Authorizations) of and from all Governmental Entities
that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, except for such Authorizations, the absence of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Change.

2.15.2. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions
and conditions hereof, and all Authorizations required in connection therewith have been obtained. No Authorization of, and no filing
with, any Governmental Entity, the Exchange or another body is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities
and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and as contemplated by the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable Securities Act Regulations, state securities laws
and the rules and regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.16. D&O Questionnaires.
To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed
by each of the Companys directors and officers immediately prior to the Offering (the Insiders) as supplemented
by all information concerning the Insiders as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
provided to the Underwriters, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which
would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.17. Litigation; Governmental
Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive
officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, or
in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Firm Securities on the Exchange.

2.18. Good Standing.
The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the State
of Utah as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership
or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify, singularly or in the
aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19. Insurance. The
Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance (including, without limitation, as to directors and officers insurance coverage),
with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are adequate as are customary for companies
engaged in similar business, and to the Companys knowledge all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason
to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable
coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.20. Transactions Affecting
Disclosure to FINRA.

2.20.1. Finders
Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments,
arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or
any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the
Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined
by FINRA.

2.20.2. Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the
Company has not made any direct or indirect payments in connection with the Offering (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person,
as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to
the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct
or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, other than the
payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.20.3. Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically authorized herein.

2.20.4. FINRA
Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of the Companys
securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period
immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating
in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.20.5. Information.
All information provided by the Company in its FINRA questionnaire to Representative Counsel specifically for use by Representative Counsel
in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material
respects.

2.21. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee
or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of, and with authority from, the Company and its
Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions
to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or
employee of any Governmental Entity (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other
person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual
or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation
or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued in the future, might
adversely affect the assets, business, operations or prospects of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its
accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended.

2.22. Compliance with
OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate
of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of, and with authority from, the Company and its Subsidiaries,
is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
(OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute
or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing
the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.23. Money Laundering
Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects
with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the money laundering statutes of all applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar
rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money
Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.24. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Representative Counsel
on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as
to the matters covered thereby.

2.25. Lock-Up Agreements. Schedule
3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers, directors and each owner of the Companys outstanding
shares of Firm Securities (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of Firm Securities) (collectively, the Lock-Up
Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Representative an executed Lock-Up Agreement,
in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the
execution of this Agreement.

2.26. Subsidiaries. All
direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the place of organization or
incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct
of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the assets, business
or operations of the Company taken as a whole. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary is as described in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

2.27. Related Party Transactions.
There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus that have not been described as required under the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations.

2.28. Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Pricing Prospectus and the Prospectus
captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board
comply with the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations),
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company
and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.
In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent, as defined under
the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.29. Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance.

2.29.1. Disclosure
Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that comply in all material respects
with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus, such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company
will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act filings and
other public disclosure documents.

2.29.2. Compliance.
The Company is and at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and has taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys
future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

2.30. Accounting Controls.
The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules
13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and
have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected
or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.

2.31. No Investment Company
Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment company,
as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.32. No Labor Disputes.
No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent.
The Company is not aware that any officer, key employee or significant group of employees of the Company plans to terminate employment
with the Company.

2.33. Intellectual Property
Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets and similar
rights (Intellectual Property Rights) and necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.
To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct of its business
as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to any infringement
of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably
be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change: (A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no
infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (B) there
is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the
Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for
any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company,
the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable,
in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others
challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a
reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.33,
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property
Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware
of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with
any other claims in this Section 2.33, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge,
no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent
disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or
any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with
the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually
or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and
belonging to the Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options,
licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the
preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any
contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors or employees, or otherwise
in violation of the rights of any persons.

2.34. Taxes. Each
of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior
to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid all
taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the
Company or such respective Subsidiary except those that are being contested in good faith or as would not have, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with
or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no material
issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as
due from the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes
have been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. To the Companys knowledge, there are no tax liens against
the assets, properties or business of the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local,
foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service,
service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties
or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional
amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements and other documents
required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.35. ERISA Compliance.
The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained
by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA
Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m)
or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code)
of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to
occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates.
No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee
benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither
the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA
with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B
of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

2.36. Compliance with
Laws. Each of the Company and each Subsidiary: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations
applicable to the business of the Company as currently conducted (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (B) has not received any warning letter, untitled letter
or other correspondence or notice from any Governmental Entity alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any Authorizations;
(C) possesses all Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in violation of any term of
any such Authorizations, except where the invalidity of such Authorizations or the failure of such Authorizations to be in full force
and effect would not result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing,
enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Entity or third party alleging that any activity conducted
by the Company is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity or third
party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation or proceeding; (E) has not received notice that
any Governmental Entity has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has
no knowledge that any such Governmental Entity is considering such action; and (F) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws
or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or
amendments were complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission), except where the
failure to be so in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.37. Reserved. 

2.38. Environmental Laws.
The Company is in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations relating to the use, treatment,
storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or the environment which are applicable
to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure to comply would not, singularly or in the aggregate,
result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge,
emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due to, or caused by the Company (or,
to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of
the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company, or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance,
rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common
law), regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability, except for any violation or liability which would not
have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such violations and liabilities, a Material Adverse Change; and there has been no disposal,
discharge, emission or other release of any kind onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or
other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company has knowledge, except for any such disposal, discharge, emission,
or other release of any kind which would not have, singularly or in the aggregate with all such discharges and other releases, a Material
Adverse Change. In the ordinary course of business, the Company conducts periodic reviews of the effect of Environmental Laws on its business
and assets, in the course of which they identify and evaluate associated costs and liabilities (including, without limitation, any capital
or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or governmental permits issued
thereunder, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties). On the basis of such reviews,
the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities would not have, singularly or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Change.

2.39. Title to Property.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries
have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal property
which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances,
security interests, claims and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or its Subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases
material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are, to the
Companys knowledge, in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material
claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases
mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or
subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

2.40. Contracts Affecting
Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates (as
such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any
structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
or its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus which have not been described or incorporated
by reference as required.

2.41. Loans to Directors
or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business)
or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company,
its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus.

2.42. Ineligible Issuer.
At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the Effective Date and at the time of
any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within
the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities and at the Effective Date, the Company was not
and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant
to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.43. Smaller Reporting
Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.44. Industry Data.
The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the
Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.45. Electronic Road
Show. The Company has made available a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of the Securities Act
Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities Act Regulations) is required
in connection with the Offering.

2.46. Margin Securities.
The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly or indirectly,
for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally
incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Public Securities to be considered
a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

2.47. Dividends and Distributions.
Except as disclosed in the Pricing Disclosure Package, Registration Statement and the Prospectus, no Subsidiary of the Company is
currently prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution
on such Subsidiarys capital stock (to the extent that any such prohibition or restriction on dividends and/or distributions would
have a material effect to the Company), from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from
transferring any of such Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company, except as may otherwise
be provided in current loan or mortgage-related documents.

2.48. Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable
basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.49. Integration. Neither
the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales
of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated with prior
offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities
Act.

2.50. Confidentiality
and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary
is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer (other than
the Company) or prior employer that could materially affect his or her ability to be and act in his or her respective capacity of the
Company or such Subsidiary or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.51. Corporate Records.
The minute books of the Company have been made available to the Representative and Representative Counsel and such books (i) contain
minutes of all material meetings and actions of the Board of Directors (including each board committee) and stockholders of the Company,
and (ii) reflect all material transactions referred to in such minutes.

2.52. Diligence Materials.
The Company has provided to the Representative and Representative Counsel all materials required or necessary to respond in all material
respects to the diligence request submitted to the Company or Company Counsel by the Representative.

2.53. Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of the Representative)
has taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result
in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

3. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.

The Company covenants and agrees
as follows:

3.1. Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, at least one (1) Business Day (or such shorter time mutually agreed by
the parties hereto) prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus proposed to be filed after
the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

3.2. Federal Securities
Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430A of the Securities Act Regulations, and will notify
the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall
become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus shall have been filed; (ii) of its receipt of any comments from the
Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the
Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of
the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the
Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement; or (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the
Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Public Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b)
of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)),
and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule
424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company
shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain
the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2. Continued
Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act
Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or,
but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the
Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a
result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of Representative Counsel or Company Counsel, to (i) amend the Registration Statement
in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser; or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement
as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the
Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representative
with copies of any such amendment or supplement; and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided that the
Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or Representative Counsel shall reasonably
object. The Company will furnish to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably
request. The Company shall give the Representative notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the
later of the Closing Date and the exercise in full or expiration of the Over-allotment Option specified in Section 1.2 hereof and will
furnish the Representative with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case
may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representative or Representative Counsel shall reasonably object.

3.2.3. Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
to maintain the registration of the Firm Securities under the Exchange Act. For a period of two (2) years after the date of this Agreement,
the Company shall not deregister the Firm Securities under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4. Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representative, it shall not make
any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute
a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by
the Company under Rule 433; provided that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus set forth in Schedule 2-B. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free writing
prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Representative as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined
in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including timely
filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict
with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at
that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Representative and will promptly amend or supplement, at its
own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.2.5. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative and shall promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or
omission.

3.3. Delivery to the
Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available to the Representative
and Representative Counsel, without charge, conformed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto
(including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to each Underwriter,
without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) upon
receipt of a written request therefor from such Underwriter. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished
to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4. Delivery to the
Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter, without
charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents to the
use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during
the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act
Regulations, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented)
as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will
be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted
by Regulation S-T.

3.5. Effectiveness and
Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain
effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the Representative promptly
and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance
by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance
by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery
to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments
or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in this
Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement in order to make
the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter
a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain promptly the
lifting of such order.

3.6. Review of Financial
Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly
engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the
three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7. Listing. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing of the Securities on the Exchange until at least three (3) years
after the date of this Agreement.

3.8. Financial Public
Relations. Within six (6) months from the Effective Date, the Company shall have retained a financial public relations firm reasonably
acceptable to the Representative and the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in initial public offerings of
securities and in their relations with their security holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable to the
Representative for a period of not less than two (2) years after the Effective Date.

3.9. Reports to the Representative.

3.9.1. Periodic Reports,
etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make available to the Representative
copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders
of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be
required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release and every
news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Form 8-K prepared
and filed by the Company; (iv) a copy of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act; (v) a copy of each
report or other communication furnished to stockholders and (vi) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company
and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request. Documents filed
with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system or press releases shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant
to this Section 3.9.1. Any documents not filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be delivered to D. Boral, with a
copy to Lucosky Brookman.

3.9.2. Transfer Agent;
Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and registrar
acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative at the Companys
sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably request, including the
daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Transfer Online, Inc. is acceptable to the Representative
to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Firm Securities .

3.9.3. Trading
Reports. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, during such time as any of the Public Securities are listed
on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Representative, at the Companys expense, such reports published by the Exchange
relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representative shall reasonably request.

3.10. Payment of Expenses

3.10.1. General Expenses Related to
the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent
not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses related to the Offering or otherwise incident to the performance of the obligations of the
Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and expenses relating to the registration of the Securities
with the Commission; (b) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of the Common Stock on a national exchange, if applicable; (c)
all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of the Firm Securities under the blue sky
securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions as the Underwriters may reasonably designate (including, without limitation, all
filing and registration fees, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of the Companys blue sky counsel, which will
be the Underwriters counsel) unless such filings are not required in connection with the Companys proposed listing on a
national exchange, if applicable; (d) all fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification or exemption of
the Firm Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Underwriters may reasonably designate; (e) the costs
of all mailing and printing of the Offering documents; (f) transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of Securities
from the Company to the Underwriters; (g) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (h) all filing fees and communication
expenses associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (i) up to $20,000 of the Underwriters actual accountable road show
expenses for the Offering; (j) the $29,500 cost associated with the Underwriters use of Ipreos book building, prospectus
tracking and compliance software for the offering; (k) the costs associated with bound volumes of the Offering materials as well as commemorative
mementos and lucite tombstones in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000; and (l) the fees for the Underwriters legal counsel,
in an amount not to exceed $100,000. The Company shall be responsible for the Underwriters external legal costs detailed in this
Section irrespective of whether the Offering is consummated or not, subject to $50,000 if there is not a Closing. At its own expense,
the Company shall conduct background checks, by a background search firm acceptable to the Underwriters, on the Companys senior
management and board of directors.. The Representatives may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the
Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters, less the
Advance (as such term is defined in Section 8.3 hereof).

3.11. Application of
Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus.

3.12. Delivery of Earnings
Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not
later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date
of this Agreement, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required
by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of
the Securities Act) covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.13. Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange
Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public
Securities

3.14. Internal Controls.
For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls
sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP
and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.15. Accountants. As of
the date of this Agreement, the Company has retained an independent registered public accounting firm, as required by the Securities Act
and the Securities Act Regulations and the PCAOB, reasonably acceptable to the Representative, and the Company shall continue to retain
a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this
Agreement. The Representative acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable to the Representative.

3.16. FINRA. For a period
of 60 days from the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make
an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner
of 10% or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity
securities which were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate
or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.17. No Fiduciary Duties.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual in nature and
that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise
owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

3.18. Company
Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of
the Representative, it will not, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of the final prospectus supplement
related to this offering (180) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell,
contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant
to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration
statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or S-8; (iii)
complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit or senior credit facility with a traditional
bank or other lending institution; or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any
of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii),
(iii), or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

The
restrictions contained in this Section 3.18 shall not apply to (i) the Primary Securities to be sold hereunder; (ii) the issuance by
the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security, in each case outstanding
on the date hereof, provided that such options, warrants, securities are disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus and have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to
decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (iii) the
issuance of shares of Common Stock issued as part of the purchase price in connection with the acquisitions or strategic transactions,
provided certain conditions are met, or (iv) the issuance by the Company of any shares of Common Stock or standard options to purchase
Common Stock to directors, officers or employees of the Company in their capacity as such pursuant to an Approved Stock Plan (as defined
below). Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan which has been approved by the board of directors of
the Company prior to or subsequent to the date hereof pursuant to which shares of Firm Securities and standard options to purchase Firm
Securities may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company in their capacity as such.

3.19. Release
of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Representative, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in
the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.25 hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provides the Company with notice
of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees
to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto through a major news
service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.20. Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to qualify the Public
Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as
the Representative may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the
Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to
qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself
to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.21. Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded
by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company
shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities Act
Regulations.

3.22. Press
Releases. Prior to the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other communication
directly or indirectly or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial or otherwise, or earnings,
business affairs or business prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with the past practices of the Company and of which the Representative is notified), without the prior written consent of the Representative,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the
Representative, such press release or communication is required by law.

3.23. Sarbanes-Oxley.
For a period of one (1) year after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall at all times comply in all material respects with
all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

3.24. IRS
Forms. If requested by the Representative, the Company shall deliver to each Underwriter (or its agent), prior to or at the Closing
Date, a properly completed and executed Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Form W-9 or an IRS Form W-8, as appropriate,
together with all required attachments to such form.

3.25.
Reserved.

3.26.
Tail Period. The Underwriter shall be entitled to a cash fee equal to six and a half percent (6.5%) of the gross proceeds received
by the Company from the sale of any equity, debt and/or equity derivative instruments to any investor actually introduced to the Company
by the Underwriters during the Engagement Period (as defined below, excluding any existing investor of the Company or its subsidiaries
or affiliates), in connection with any public or private financing or capital raise (each a Tail Financing), and
such Tail Financing is consummated at any time during the Engagement Period or within the twelve (12) month period following the expiration
or termination of the Engagement Period (the Tail Period), provided that such Tail Financing is by a party actually
introduced to the Company in an offering in which the Company has direct knowledge of such partys participation. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no fee shall be payable by the Company pursuant to this Section 3.26 if the Company terminates this Agreement for cause,
which shall include the material failure of the Underwriter to provide underwriting services, as provided in FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B).
Engagement Period shall refer to the period commencing from February 7, 2025, the date the Company engaged the Underwriter,
or the Engagement Date, to the earlier of (i) twelve (12) months from the Engagement Date, or (ii) the final closing, if
any, of the Offering.

3.27
Right of First Refusal. Following the Closing of the Offering, the Representative shall have an irrevocable right of first refusal
(the Right of First Refusal), for a period of six (6) months after the date the Offering is completed (the RoFR
Period), to act as sole investment banker, sole book-runner, and/or sole placement agent, at the Representatives sole
discretion, for each and every future public and private equity and debt offering, including all equity linked financings (each, a Subject
Transaction), during such six (6 month period, of the Company, or any successor to or any current or future subsidiary of
the Company, on terms and conditions customary to the Representative for such Subject Transactions. The Representative shall have the
sole right to determine whether any other broker dealer shall have the right to participate in a Subject Transaction and the economic
terms of such participation. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Company shall not retain, engage or solicit any additional investment
banker, book-runner, financial advisor, underwriter and/or placement agent in a Subject Transaction without the express written consent
of the Representative.

4.
CONDITIONS OF UNDERWRITERS OBLIGATIONS. 

The
obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing
accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option
Closing Date, if any; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the
performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1. Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1. Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Rule 430A Information. The Registration Statement has become effective not later than 5:30 p.m., Eastern
time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each
of the Closing Date and any Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto shall have been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Prospectus shall have been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes shall have been instituted or are pending or, to
the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission
for additional information. A prospectus containing the Rule 430A Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner
and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective
amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements
of Rule 430A under the Securities Act Regulations.

4.1.2. FINRA
Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount
of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3. Exchange
Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Firm Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official
notice of issuance.

4.2. Company
Counsel Matters.

4.2.1.
Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion and negative
assurance letter of Dentons US LLP (Company Counsel), counsel to the Company, dated the Closing Date and addressed
to the Representative, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative.

4.2.2. Option
Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion
and negative assurance letter of Company Counsel listed in Section 4.2.1, dated the Option Closing Date, addressed to the Representative
and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, confirming as of the Option Closing Date, the statements made
by such counsel in its opinion delivered on the Closing Date.

4.2.3. Reliance.
The opinion of Dentons US LLP and any opinion relied upon by D. Boral Capital shall include a statement to the effect that it may be
relied upon by Representative Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Underwriters.

4.3. Comfort
Letters.

4.3.1. Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed the Representative shall have received a cold comfort letter from the Auditors containing
statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements
and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, addressed
to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative and to Representative Counsel from
the Auditors, dated as of the date of this Agreement.

4.3.2. Bring-down
Comfort Letter. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received from the
Auditors a letter, dated as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as applicable, to the effect that the Auditors reaffirms
the statements made in the letter furnished pursuant to Section 4.3.1.

4.4. Officers
Certificates.

4.4.1. Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date and any Option Closing
Date (if such date is other than the Closing Date), of its Chief Executive Officer or President, and its Chief Financial Officer stating
that on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity that (i) such officers have examined the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and
each amendment thereto after the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if
such date is other than the Closing Date) did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as
of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing
Date), the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto after the Effective Date, as of the respective date thereof and as of
the Closing Date, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) to their knowledge after
reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date is other than the Closing Date), the representations
and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all
conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date (or any Option Closing Date if such date
is other than the Closing Date), and (iii) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements
included in the Pricing Disclosure Package, a Material Adverse Change.

4.4.2. Secretarys
Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate
of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively,
certifying on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete,
has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to
the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence
between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred
to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5. No
Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been no Material
Adverse Change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates
as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; (ii) no action,
suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court
or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may reasonably
be expected to cause a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated
or threatened by the Commission; and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendments
or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities
Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement
thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6. No
Material Misstatement or Omission. The Underwriters shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing
Date and any Option Closing Date that the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement
of a fact which, in the opinion of Representative Counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel,
is material and is required to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or that the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto
contains an untrue statement of fact which, in the opinion of Representative Counsel, is material or omits to state any fact which, in
the opinion of Representative Counsel, is material and is necessary in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading.

4.7. Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Public Securities, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, and the
Prospectus and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably satisfactory
in all material respects to Representative Counsel, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information
that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

4.8. Lock-Up
Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the
Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.9.
Omitted.

4.10. Additional
Documents. At the Closing Date and at each Option Closing Date (if any) Representative Counsel shall have been furnished with such
documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling Representative Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters,
or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein
contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and Representative Counsel.

5.
INDEMNIFICATION.

5.1. Indemnification
of the Underwriters.

5.1.1. General.
The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and each of its and their respective directors, officers,
members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel and agents and each person, if any, who controls any
such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties, and each an Underwriter Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between
any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and any third party,
or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other statute or at common
law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus
or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information
provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road
show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (iii) any application
or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the
Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public Securities under
the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national
securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission
was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information. With respect to any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Pricing Disclosure Package, the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 5.1.1
shall not inure to the benefit of any Underwriter Indemnified Party to the extent that any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense
of such Underwriter Indemnified Party (a) is based on the Underwriters Information, (b) results from the fact that a copy of the
Prospectus was not given or sent to the person asserting any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation
of sale of the Public Securities to such person as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and if the untrue
statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus, unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance
by the Company with its obligations under Section 3.3 hereof, or (c) is found in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.1.2. Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and
the Company shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying
party, to assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such
Underwriter Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its
or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Underwriter Indemnified
Party unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in
connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such
action, or (iii) the action includes both the Company and the indemnified party as defendants and such indemnified party or parties shall
have been advised by its counsel that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional to those available
to the Company which makes it impossible or inadvisable for the Company and such indemnified party to be represented in the action by
the same counsel (in which case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified
party), in any of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties who are party to such action (in addition to local counsel) shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, if any Underwriter Indemnified Party shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the
Company shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

5.2. Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers
who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section
20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity from the Company
to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to such losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (or actions
in respect thereof) which arise out of or are based upon untrue statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon,
and in strict conformity with, the Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other
person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such
Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the
rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees promptly to notify the Representative
of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person, if any, who
controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in connection with the
issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus
or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.

5.3. Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless
an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred
to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid or payable
by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such proportion
as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and each of the Underwriters, on the
other hand, from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage
or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by
the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion
as the total proceeds from the Offering purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the
total underwriting discount and commissions received by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering, in each case as set forth in
the table on the cover page of the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other,
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on
the other, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue
statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto agree that the written information furnished to the Company
through the Representative by or on behalf of any Underwriter for use in any Preliminary Prospectus, any Registration Statement or the
Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the Underwriters Information. The Company and the Underwriters
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid
or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding referred
to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third
party witness in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with, any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation
or proceeding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the total discount and commission received by such Underwriter in connection with the Offering less the amount of any damages which
such Underwriter has otherwise paid or becomes liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement, omission or alleged
omission, act or alleged act or failure to act or alleged failure to act. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation.

5.3.2. Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the contributing
party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any
such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative of the
commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying
party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent
of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted
by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations
to contribute as provided in this Section 5.3 are several and in proportion to their respective underwriting obligation, and not joint.

6.
DEFAULT BY AN UNDERWRITER.

6.1. Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Securities or Option Securities. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations
to purchase the Firm Securities or the Option Securities, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the
Firm Securities or Option Securities with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of
Firm Shares and accompanying Option Shares that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Securities or Option
Securities to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments
hereunder.

6.2. Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Securities or Option Securities. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than
10% of the number of Firm Shares and accompanying Option Shares, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for itself or for another
party or parties to purchase such Firm Securities or Option Securities to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If,
within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the number of Firm Shares and accompanying Option Shares,
the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Securities or Option Securities, then the Company shall be entitled
to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase
said Firm Securities or Option Securities on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the
purchase of the Firm Securities or Option Securities to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically
be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10
and 5 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that if such default occurs with
respect to the Option Securities, this Agreement will not terminate as to the Firm Securities; and provided, further, that nothing herein
shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned
by its default hereunder.

6.3. Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Securities or Option Securities to which the default relates are to be purchased by the
non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, you or the Company shall have the right
to postpone the Closing Date or Option Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in
order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus
or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus that in the opinion of Representative Counsel may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party
to this Agreement with respect to such Firm Securities or Option Securities.

7.
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS. 

7.1. Prohibition
on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without
the Representatives prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business
Day following the fortieth (40th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary
course of the Companys business.

8.
EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT AND TERMINATION THEREOF. 

8.1. Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered counterparts
of such signatures to the other party.

8.2. Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or
international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future
materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or
maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority
having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv)
if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading
has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained
a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or
not such loss shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Securities
or Option Securities; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder;
or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of a Material Adverse Change, or an adverse material change
in general market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale
and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

8.3. Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section
6.2 above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any
extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay a $25,000 expense advance (the Advance)
to the Underwriters. The Advance shall be applied towards the Underwriters accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions
contemplated herein then due and payable. Any portion of the Advance shall be returned to the Company to the extent not actually incurred
in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4(A).

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any advance received by the Representative will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance
with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

8.4. Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement,
and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall
not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5. Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates
of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation
made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or
directors or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9.
MISCELLANEOUS.

9.1. Notices.
All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by facsimile transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed
given when so delivered or emailed and confirmed (which may be by email) or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If
to the Representative:

D.
Boral Capital

590
Madison Avenue, 39th Floor

New
York, New York 10022

Attn:

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Lucosky
Brookman LLP

101
Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Woodbridge,
NJ 07730

Attn:
Joseph Lucosky

Fax
No.: 732 395-4401

If
to the Company:

392
East Winchester Street, Fifth Floor

Salt
Lake City, Utah 84107

Attn:
Ragula Bhaskar; Sanchaita Datta

Email:
bhaskar@fatpipeinc.com; sanch@fatpipeinc.com

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Sichenzia
Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185
Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor

New
York, NY 10036

Attn:
Darrin M. Ocasio, Esq.

Email:
DMOcasio@srfc.law

9.2. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the
meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3. Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.5. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company
and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives,
heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect
of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include
a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.6. Governing
Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action,
proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York
Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies)
all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the
preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates)
and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial
by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7.
Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement,
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other
parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and
sufficient delivery thereof.

9.8.
Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be
deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof
or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature
Page Follows]

If
the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided
below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very
truly yours,

FATPIPE,
INC.

By: 

Name: Ragula Bhaskar

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed
as of the date first written above mentioned, on behalf of itself and as Representative of the several Underwriters named on Schedule
1 hereto: 

D.
BORAL CAPITAL LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE
1

Underwriter 

Total Number of 

Firm Shares to be

Purchased 

Number of Additional

Option Shares to be Purchased if

the Over-Allotment Option

is Fully Exercised

D. Boral Capital LLC 695,656 104,348

TOTAL 695,656 104,348

SCHEDULE
2-A

Pricing
Information

Number
of Firm Shares: 695,656

Number
of Option Shares: 104,348

Public
Offering Price per Firm Share: $5.75

Public
Offering Price per Option Share: $5.75

Underwriting
Discount per Firm Share: $ $0.37

Underwriting
Discount per Option Share: $ $0.37

Proceeds
to Company per Firm Share (before expenses): $3,742,629

Proceeds
to Company per Option Share (before expenses): $561,392

SCHEDULE
2-B

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

SCHEDULE
3

List
of Lock-Up Parties

Ragula Bhaskar

Sanchaita Datta

Ajay Tandon

I. Bobby Majumder

Jean Turgeon

Zions SBIC, LLC

The Mason Sutter SF Trust

Skyline Investment Trust

EXHIBIT
B

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

Lock-Up
Agreement

____________,
2025

D.
Boral Capital ,

as
Representative of the Underwriters

590
Madison Avenue, 39th Floor

New
York, New York 10022

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

The
undersigned understands that D. Boral Capital LLC (the Representative) proposes to enter into an Underwriting Agreement
(the Underwriting Agreement) with [_________], a [_________] corporation (the Company), providing
for the public offering (the Public Offering) of shares of common stock of the Company, no par value per share (the
Firm Securities).

To
induce the Representative to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without
the prior written consent of the Representative, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending
180 days after the date of the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering (the Lock-Up
Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any Securities or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the Securities, whether now owned or hereafter acquired
by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up
Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled
by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration
of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any
transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the conditions
below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Representative in connection with (a)
transactions relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering; provided
that no filing under Section 13 or Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),
or other public announcement shall be required or shall be voluntarily made during the Lock-Up Period in connection with subsequent sales
of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock-Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will
or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of a family member (for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family
member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities
to a charity or educational institution; or (d) if the undersigned, directly or indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other business entity, any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to any shareholder, partner or member of, or owner of
similar equity interests in, the undersigned, as the case may be; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing
clauses (b), (c) or (d), (i) it shall be a condition to any such transfer that (i) the transferee/donee agrees to be bound by the terms
of this lock-up agreement (including, without limitation, the restrictions set forth in the preceding sentence) to the same extent as
if the transferee/donee were a party hereto; (ii) each party (donor, donee, transferor or transferee) shall not be required by law (including
without limitation the disclosure requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and
the Exchange Act) to make, and shall agree to not voluntarily make, any filing or public announcement of the transfer or disposition
prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period; and (iii) the undersigned notifies the Representative at least two (2) business days prior
to the proposed transfer or disposition.

In
addition, the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to (i) the exercise or vesting of stock options or other equity awards granted pursuant
to the Companys equity incentive plans; provided that it shall apply to any of the undersigneds Firm Securities issued
upon such exercise, (ii) the conversion or exercise of convertible debt or warrants; provided that it shall apply to any of the undersigneds
Firm Securities issued upon such exercise, or (iii) the establishment of any new plan (a Plan) that satisfies all
of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) under the Exchange Act; provided that no sales of the undersigneds Securities shall
be made pursuant to such new Plan prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period (as such may have been extended pursuant to the provisions
hereof), and such a Plan may only be established if no public announcement of the establishment or existence thereof and no filing with
the Securities and Exchange Commission or other regulatory authority in respect thereof or transactions thereunder or contemplated thereby,
by the undersigned, the Company or any other person, shall be required, and no such announcement or filing is made voluntarily, by the
undersigned, the Company or any other person, prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period (as such may have been extended pursuant
to the provisions hereof).

The
undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar
against the transfer of the undersigneds securities subject to this this lock-up agreement except in compliance with this this
lock-up agreement.

If
the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally
applicable to any Securities that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Representative agrees that, at least
three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a transfer
of Lock-Up Securities, the Representative will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the Company has agreed
in the Underwriting Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at least two
(2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Representative hereunder to
any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions
of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration
and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for
the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

The
undersigned understands that the Company and the Representative are relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding toward consummation
of the Public Offering. The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the
undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The
undersigned understands that, if the Underwriting Agreement does not become effective, or if the Underwriting Agreement (other than the
provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Securities to
be sold thereunder, the undersigned shall be released from all obligations under this lock-up agreement.

This
lock-up agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Very
truly yours,

(Name
- Please Print)

(Signature)

(Name
of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

(Title
of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print)

Address: 

EXHIBIT
C

Form
of Press Release

[_________]

[Date]

[_________]
(the Company) announced today that D. Boral Capital LLC , acting as representative for the underwriters in the Companys
recent public offering of _______ shares of the Companys Common Stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect
to _______ shares of Common Stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release]
will take effect on _______, 20___, and such shares of Common Stock may be sold on or after such date.

This
press release is not an offer or sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is
prohibited, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FatPipe, Inc. (NASDAQ: FATN) Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering
and Listing on NASDAQ

Salt Lake City, Utah., April 7, 2025FatPipe,
Inc. (FatPipe or the Company), a pioneer in enterprise-class, application-aware, secure software-defined
wide area network (SD-WAN) solutions for organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers, security
service providers, government organizations, and middle-market companies, is pleased to announce the pricing of its underwritten initial
public offering of 695,656 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $5.75 per share. The shares of common stock have been
approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market and are expected to commence trading on April 8, 2025, under the ticker symbol FATN.

The Company expects to receive aggregate gross proceeds of $4 million from
the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses. In addition, the Company has granted the underwriters
a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 104,348 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting
discounts. The closing for the initial public offering is expected to occur on or about April 9, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary
closing conditions.

D. Boral Capital LLC is acting as the Sole Book-Running Manager for the
offering.

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, New York, NY, is acting as counsel to
the Company, and Lucosky Brookman LLP, Woodbridge, NJ, is acting as counsel to the underwriter in connection with the offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280925) relating to
the offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as amended and was declared effective by
the SEC on February 12, 2025. A post-effective amendment to the registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the offering was filed
with SEC and was declared effective by the SEC on March 17, 2025. The offering of the securities is being made only by means of a prospectus,
forming a part of the registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus may be obtained, when available, at the SECs website
at www.sec.gov or from D. Boral Capital LLC, Attention: 590 Madison Avenue 39th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by email at info@dboralcapital.com,
or by telephone at +1(212)-970-5150.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

About FatPipe, Inc.

FatPipe, Inc. a pioneer in enterprise-class, application-aware, secure
software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN) solutions for organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers,
security service providers, government organizations, and middle-market companies. FatPipes network optimization solutions, along
with robust cybersecurity and SASE protection, provide organizations with superior network performance and corporate security. FatPipe
provides highly recognized intra-corporate wide area network solutions that transcend internet and other network failures to maintain
business continuity and high transmission security. FatPipes network monitoring, reporting, and alerting, reduce the time and effort
required by network administrators leading to more efficient network operations.

FatPipe has customers in the United States and around the world, and more
than 200 resellers worldwide including almost all national resellers in the US.

For more information, please visit https://www.fatpipeinc.com.

Legal Disclaimer

Certain statements contained in this press release, including statements
relating to the Companys expectations regarding the completion, timing and size of its proposed public offering and listing may
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may,
will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe,
continue, or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which are based on managements current expectations and are inherently subject to various risks, uncertainties, assumptions, or
changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks
and uncertainties associated with the consummation of the offering and other risks described in FatPipes registration statement
on Form S-1, as it may be amended from time to time. Except as required by law, FatPipe expressly disclaims a duty to provide updates
to forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other occurrences

Company Contact Info

IR.Press@fatpipeinc.com

Media Contacts

RedChip Contact 

Dave Gentry

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1.800.RED.CHIP (733-2447)

Dave@redchip.com 

MZ Contact

Brian M. Prenoveau, CFA

MZ Group MZ North America

FATN@mzgroup.us

561-489-5315
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

FatPipe, Inc. (NASDAQ: FATN) Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering
and Listing on NASDAQ

Salt Lake City, Utah., April 9, 2025FatPipe,
Inc. (FatPipe or the Company), a pioneer in enterprise-class, application-aware, secure software-defined
wide area network (SD-WAN) solutions for organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers, security
service providers, government organizations, and middle-market companies, is pleased to announce the closing of its underwritten initial
public offering of 695,656 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $5.75 per share. The shares of common stock commenced
trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on April 8, 2025, under the ticker symbol FATN.

The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of $4
million from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and other related expenses. In addition, the Company has granted the
underwriters a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 104,348 shares of common stock at the public offering price,
less underwriting discounts. The closing for the initial public offering occurred on April 9, 2025.

D. Boral Capital LLC acted as the Sole Book-Running Manager for the offering.

Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP, New York, NY, acted as counsel to the
Company, and Lucosky Brookman LLP, Woodbridge, NJ, acted as counsel to the underwriter in connection with the offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280925) relating to
the offering was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as amended and was declared effective by
the SEC on February 12, 2025. A post-effective amendment to the registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the offering was filed
with SEC and was declared effective by the SEC on March 17, 2025. The offering of the securities was made only by means of a prospectus,
forming a part of the registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus may be obtained, when available, at the SECs website
at www.sec.gov or from D. Boral Capital LLC, Attention: 590 Madison Avenue 39th Floor, New York, NY 10022, or by email at info@dboralcapital.com,
or by telephone at +1(212)-970-5150.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

About FatPipe, Inc.

FatPipe, Inc. a pioneer in enterprise-class, application-aware, secure
software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN) solutions for organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers,
security service providers, government organizations, and middle-market companies. FatPipes network optimization solutions, along
with robust cybersecurity and SASE protection, provide organizations with superior network performance and corporate security. FatPipe
provides highly recognized intra-corporate wide area network solutions that transcend internet and other network failures to maintain
business continuity and high transmission security. FatPipes network monitoring, reporting, and alerting, reduce the time and effort
required by network administrators leading to more efficient network operations.

FatPipe has customers in the United States and around the world, and more
than 200 resellers worldwide including almost all national resellers in the US.

For more information, please visit https://www.fatpipeinc.com.

Legal Disclaimer

Certain statements contained in this press release, including statements
relating to the Companys expectations regarding the completion, timing and size of its proposed public offering and listing may
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may,
will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe,
continue, or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which are based on managements current expectations and are inherently subject to various risks, uncertainties, assumptions, or
changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict or quantify. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks
and uncertainties associated with the consummation of the offering and other risks described in FatPipes registration statement
on Form S-1, as it may be amended from time to time. Except as required by law, FatPipe expressly disclaims a duty to provide updates
to forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or other occurrences

Company Contact Info

IR.Press@fatpipeinc.com

Media Contacts

RedChip Contact 

Dave Gentry

RedChip Companies, Inc.

1.800.RED.CHIP (733-2447)

Dave@redchip.com

MZ Contact

Brian M. Prenoveau, CFA

MZ Group MZ North America

FATN@mzgroup.us

561-489-5315
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>fatn-20250407.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>fatn-20250407_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>fatn-20250407_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 07, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 07, 2025

Entity File Number 001-42546

Entity Registrant Name Fatpipe Inc/UT

Entity Central Index Key 0001993400

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1113325

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code UT

Entity Address, Address Line One 392 East
Winchester Street

Entity Address, City or Town Fifth Floor Salt Lake City

Entity Address, State or Province UT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 84107

City Area Code (801)

Local Phone Number 281-3434

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol FATN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://fatpipeinc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

fatn-20250407.xsd 
fatn-20250407_lab.xml 
fatn-20250407_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-003850-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001993400 

2025-04-07 
2025-04-07 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001993400 
8-K 
2025-04-07 
Fatpipe Inc/UT 
UT 
001-42546 
27-1113325 
392 East Winchester Street 
Fifth Floor Salt Lake City 
UT 
84107 
(801) 
281-3434 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
FATN 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>