<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-047187.txt : 20250305
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-047187.hdr.sgml : 20250305
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250305161446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-047187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250305
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250305
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250305

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NetApp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001002047
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				770307520
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0426

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27130
		FILM NUMBER:		25711175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3060 OLSEN DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95128
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4088226000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3060 OLSEN DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETWORK APPLIANCE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951010
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d830679d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000100204700010020472025-03-052025-03-05

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2025

NetApp, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 0-27130 77-0307520

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3060 Olsen Drive

San Jose, California 95128

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (408)822-6000

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value NTAP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 5, 2025, NetApp, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement), with the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement amends and restates the Companys existing Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2021, as amended. The Credit Agreement provides for a $1.0 billion revolving unsecured credit facility, with a sublimit of $50.0 million available for the issuance of letters of credit on the Companys or its subsidiaries behalf. The facility matures on March 5, 2030, with an option for the Company to extend the maturity date for two additional 1-year periods, subject to certain conditions. The proceeds of the loans may be used by the Company for general corporate purposes and as liquidity support for its existing commercial paper program. As of March 5, 2025, no borrowings or letters of credit were outstanding under the credit facility. 

Revolving loans accrue interest at a base rate or, at the Companys option, an adjusted term SOFR rate (based on one, three or six-month interest periods) plus, in each case, a spread based on the ratings of the Companys senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness by Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poors Rating Services. The spread ranges from 0% to 0.325% for base rate loans and 0.805% to 1.325% for adjusted term SOFR rate loans. The base rate means the highest of (a) the prime rate quoted by The Wall Street Journal, (b) the highest of the federal funds or the overnight bank funding rate, in each case, plus a margin equal to 0.50% and (c) the adjusted term SOFR rate for a 1-month interest period plus a margin equal to 1.00%. Revolving loans may be borrowed in U.S. dollars or other agreed currencies. Interest on the revolving loans is payable quarterly in arrears with respect to borrowings based on the base rate and at the end of an interest period in the case of borrowings based on the adjusted term SOFR rate (or at each three month interval if the interest period is longer than three months). The Company may borrow, prepay without premium or penalty, and reborrow revolving loans, subject to certain conditions. The principal amount of outstanding revolving loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest, is due on the maturity date. The Company is also obligated to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type. 

The Credit Agreement requires the Company to comply with a maximum leverage ratio, measured quarterly. Additionally, the Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur indebtedness at the subsidiary level, grant liens, sell all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, effect certain mergers and liquidate or dissolve, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. 

The events of default under the Credit Agreement include payment defaults, material misrepresentations, breaches of covenants, cross defaults with certain other material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, judgments, certain ERISA events and change of control defaults. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the termination of the revolving commitments under the Credit Agreement, the acceleration of the Companys obligations under the Credit Agreement and an increase in the rate of interest. 

The facility provides for an expansion option that will allow the Company to, subject to certain requirements, request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $500.0 million, for a potential total commitment of $1.5 billion. 

From time to time, certain of the lenders under the Credit Agreement and certain of their respective affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or the Companys affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 

The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information related to the Credit Agreement set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

10.1 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2025, by and among NetApp, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

NETAPP, INC.

(Registrant)

March 5, 2025 By: 

/s/ Elizabeth OCallahan

Elizabeth OCallahan

Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d830679dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

EXECUTION COPY 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

dated as of 

March 5, 2025

among 

NETAPP, INC., 

as the Borrower 

The Lenders Party
Hereto 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A. and 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Co-Syndication Agents 

CITIBANK, N.A. and 

MUFG BANK,
LTD., 

as Co-Documentation Agents 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

BofA
SECURITIES, INC. and 

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, 

as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 36 

SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 36 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations 37 

SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 38 

SECTION 1.06. Letter of Credit Amounts 38 

SECTION 1.07. Divisions 39 

SECTION 1.08. Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement 39 

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 40 

SECTION 2.01. Commitments 40 

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 40 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 41 

SECTION 2.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts 42 

SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans 42 

SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit 44 

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 50 

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections 50 

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 52 

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 53 

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 53 

SECTION 2.12. Fees 54 

SECTION 2.13. Interest 55 

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 56 

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs 60 

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments 61 

SECTION 2.17. Taxes 61 

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs 65 

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 67 

SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option 68 

SECTION 2.21. Senior Debt 69 

SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency 69 

SECTION 2.23. Defaulting Lenders 69 

SECTION 2.24. Extension of Maturity Date 72 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 74 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers 74 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 74 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 74 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change 74 

SECTION 3.05. Properties 74 

SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters 75 

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements; 75 

SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status 75 

SECTION 3.09. Taxes 75 

SECTION 3.10. ERISA 75 

Table of Contents

(continued) 

Page 

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure 76 

SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations 76 

SECTION 3.13. No Default 76 

SECTION 3.14. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 76 

SECTION 3.15. Affected Financial Institutions 76 

SECTION 3.16. Outbound Investment Rules 76 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 77 

SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 77 

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 78 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 78 

SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 78 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 80 

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 80 

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 80 

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 80 

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 80 

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Contractual Obligations 81 

SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds 81 

ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 81 

SECTION 6.01. Subsidiary Indebtedness 81 

SECTION 6.02. Liens 83 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales 85 

SECTION 6.04. Outbound Investment Rules 85 

SECTION 6.05. Maximum Leverage Ratio 86 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 86 

ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 88 

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 88 

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc 91 

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 92 

SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 93 

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 93 

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 94 

SECTION 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters 96 

SECTION 8.08. Borrower Communications 97 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 99 

SECTION 9.01. Notices 99 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 100 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity; Etc 102 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 104 

ii 

Table of Contents

(continued) 

Page 

SECTION 9.05. Survival 107 

SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 107 

SECTION 9.07. Severability 108 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 109 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Waiver of Immunity 109 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 110 

SECTION 9.11. Headings 110 

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality 110 

SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act 112 

SECTION 9.14. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 112 

SECTION 9.15. Reserved 113 

SECTION 9.16. Interest Rate Limitation 113 

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 113 

SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 114 

SECTION 9.19. Judgment Currency 114 

ARTICLE X 115 

iii 

Table of Contents

(continued) 

Page

SCHEDULES: 

Schedule 2.01A Commitments 

Schedule 2.01B Letter of Credit Commitments 

EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption 

Exhibit B [Intentionally Omitted] 

Exhibit C List of Closing Documents 

Exhibit D Reserved 

Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit F Form of Increasing Lender Supplement 

Exhibit G Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement 

Exhibit H-1 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not
Partnerships) 

Exhibit H-2 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not
Partnerships) 

Exhibit H-3 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are
Partnerships) 

Exhibit H-4 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) 

iv 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) dated as of
March 5, 2025 among NETAPP, INC., the LENDERS from time to time party hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent thereunder, are currently party to the
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2021 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Departing Lenders (as hereafter defined), and the Administrative Agent have agreed (a) to enter
into this Agreement in order to (i) amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety; (ii) modify and re-evidence the Obligations under, and as defined in, the Existing
Credit Agreement, which shall be repayable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; and (iii) set forth the terms and conditions under which the Lenders will, from time to time, make loans and extend other financial accommodations to or
for the benefit of the Borrower and (b) that each Departing Lender shall cease to be a party to the Existing Credit Agreement as evidenced by its execution and delivery of its Departing Lender Signature Page; 

WHEREAS, it is the intent of the parties hereto that this Agreement not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the
parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or be deemed to evidence or constitute full repayment of such obligations and liabilities, but that this Agreement amend and restate in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement and modify and re-evidence the obligations and liabilities of the Borrower outstanding thereunder, which shall be payable in accordance with the terms hereof; and 

WHEREAS, it is also the intent of the Borrower to confirm that all obligations under the Loan Documents (as referred to and
defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) shall continue in full force and effect as modified and/or restated by the Loan Documents (as referred to and defined herein) and that, from and after the Effective Date, all references to the Credit
Agreement contained in any such existing Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 

ABR, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing
interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 

Additional
Commitment Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(d). 

Adjusted AUD Rate means, with respect
to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Australian Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the AUD Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if
the Adjusted AUD Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, (i) with respect to any RFR
Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling, (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR
for Swiss Francs, (iii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Singapore Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR for Singapore Dollars, (iv) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an
interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10% and (v) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for
Canadian Dollars, plus (b) 0.29547%; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro for any Interest Period, an
interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBO Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be
deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted Term CORRA Rate means, for purposes of
any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term CORRA for such calculation plus (b) 0.29547% for a one month interest period or 0.32138% for a three month interest period; provided that if the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate as so
determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period,
an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10%;provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to
be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted TIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted TIBO Rate as
so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as
administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 

Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in
a form supplied by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower or any Lender, as the context requires. 

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

2 

Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 9.03(c). 

Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or
increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is $1,000,000,000. 

Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars, (ii) euro, (iii) Canadian Dollars, (iv) Australian Dollars,
(v) Singapore Dollars, (vi) Japanese Yen, (vii) Pounds Sterling, (viii) Swiss Francs and (ix) any other currency (A) that is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available, not restricted and freely
transferable and convertible into Dollars and (B) that is agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 

Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph. 

Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such
day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this
definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term
SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such
change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark
Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if
the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this Agreement. 

Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.06. 

Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Parties has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 8.03(c). 

Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage
of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lenders Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 2.23 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate
Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lenders Commitment) represented by such Lenders Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in
effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lenders status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 

Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, RFR Loan or any ABR Loan or with respect to
the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Term Benchmark/RFR Spread, ABR 

3 

Spread or Facility Fee Rate, as the case may be, based upon the ratings by Moodys and S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt: 

Index Debt Ratings

(Moodys/S&P) Facility Fee

Rate Term

Benchmark/RFR 

Spread ABR

Spread

Category 1: A2/A or higher 0.07% 0.805% 0%

Category 2: A3/A- 0.09% 0.91% 0%

Category 3: Baa1/BBB+ 0.10% 1.025% 0.025%

Category 4: Baa2/BBB 0.125% 1.125% 0.125%

Category 5: Baa3/BBB- or lower 0.175% 1.325% 0.325%

For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if neither Moodys nor S&P shall have in effect a rating for
the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the last sentence of this definition), then Category 5 shall be in effect; (ii) if only one of Moodys or S&P provides a rating for the Index Debt, the Category
corresponding to such rating shall be in effect; (iii) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories, the Applicable Rate shall be based on
the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Categories lower than the other, in which case the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of the higher of the two ratings; and
(iv) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moodys and S&P for the Index Debt shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moodys or S&P), such change shall be
effective as of the third Business Day following the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Rate shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such
change. If the rating system of Moodys or S&P shall change, or if both such rating agencies shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this
definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in
effect prior to such change or cessation. 

Approved Borrower Portal has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 8.08(a). 

Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.03(a). 

Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 

Arranger means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in its capacity as
a joint bookrunner and a joint lead arranger hereunder. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption
agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form
(including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 

4 

AUD Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated
in Australian Dollars and for any Interest Period, the AUD Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Sydney, Australia time, on the first day of such Interest Period. 

AUD Screen Rate means, for any day and time, for any Interest Period, the average bid reference rate administered by ASX
Benchmarks Pty Limited (ACN 616 075 417) (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Australian dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters
screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be
selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). If the AUD Screen Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 

Australian Dollars means the lawful currency of Australia. 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity
Date and the date of termination of the Commitments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Available Tenor
means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such
Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this
Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by any Lender
or any of its Affiliates: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services and (d) treasury
management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). 

Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking
Services. 

5 

Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes
the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or
liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment,
provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided,
further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such
Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for
such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan in any Agreed Currency, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event or a Term CORRA Reelection Event and the related Benchmark Replacement
Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. 

Benchmark Replacement means, for any
Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency
(other than any Loan denominated in Canadian dollars), Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below: 

(1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for RFR Borrowings denominated in Dollars and/or in
the case of any Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for RFR Borrowings denominated in Canadian Dollars; or 

(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant
Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such
time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided that, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term CORRA Reelection Event, and the delivery of a Term CORRA Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall
revert to and shall be deemed to be the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause
(1) or clause (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, 

6 

or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan
denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or
continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and
implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably
necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement
Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely
ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) in the case of clause
(3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such
Benchmark (or component thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if such Benchmark (or component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term
rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date; or 

(3) in the case of a Term CORRA Reelection Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term CORRA
Notice (if any) is provided to the Lenders and the Company pursuant to Section 2.14(c). 

For the avoidance of doubt,
(i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the
Reference Time for 

7 

such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence
of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the
following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information
by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate,
any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of
information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the CORRA Administrator, the central bank for the
Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such
component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or
will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of
a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be
deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if
any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder
and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with
Section 2.14. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control
as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

8 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is
subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or
otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United
States of America. 

Bond Hedge means any hedging agreement that is settled (after payment of any premium or any
prepayment thereunder, to the extent applicable) through the delivery of cash and/or of Equity Interests (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of such Equity Interests) of the Borrower and is
entered into in connection with any Convertible Debt Securities in customary form (including, but not limited to, any bond hedge transaction, warrant transaction, or capped call transaction). 

Borrower means NetApp, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case
of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Borrowing. 

Borrowing
Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower. 

Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City;
provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be (i) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing
the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, (ii) in relation to Loans denominated in euro and in relation to the
calculation or computation of the EURIBO Rate, any day which is a TARGET Day, (iii) in relation to Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars and in relation to the calculation or computation of CORRA or the Canadian Prime Rate, any day (other than
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Toronto, Canada, (iv) in relation to Loans denominated in Australian Dollars and in relation to the calculation or computation of the AUD Rate, any day (other than a Saturday or a
Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Sydney, Australia, (v) in relation to Loans denominated in Japanese Yen and in relation to the calculation or computation of the TIBO Rate or the Japanese Prime Rate, any day (other than a
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Tokyo, Japan or (vi) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the
applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an RFR Business Day. 

Canadian Dollars means the
lawful currency of Canada. 

9 

Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the
Administrative Agent to be the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10:15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services
that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided, that if any of the above rates shall be less than 1.00%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00% for purposes of this
Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index. 

Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means, subject to the last sentence of Section 1.04(a), the obligations of
such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or
finance leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 

CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate, the Japanese Prime
Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate. 

CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a
CBR Loan. 

Central Bank Rate means the greater of (i) (A) for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling,
the Bank of England (or any successor thereto)s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of
the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor
thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central
Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (c) Swiss Francs, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (d) any
other Foreign Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (ii) the Floor. 

Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in: 

(a) euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (x) the average of the
Adjusted EURIBO Rate for an Interest Period of one month for the five (5) most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the EURIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBO
Rate applicable during such period of five (5) Business Days) minus (y) the Central Bank Rate in respect of euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, 

(b) Australian Dollars, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (x) the
average of the Adjusted AUD Rate for an Interest Period of one month for the five (5) most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the AUD Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted
AUD Rate applicable during such period of five (5) Business Days) minus (y) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Australian Dollars in effect on the last Business Day in such period, 

10 

(c) Pounds Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) of (x) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Pounds Sterling Borrowings was
available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (y) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Pounds Sterling in effect on the
last RFR Business Day in such period, 

(d) Swiss Francs, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or
negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Swiss Franc Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SARON was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the
lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Swiss Francs in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, and 

(e) any other Foreign Currency, an adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (i)(B) of the
definition of such term and (y) the EURIBO Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity
of one month. 

CFCs means controlled foreign corporations within the meaning of Section 957 of the
Code. 

Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of
record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of Equity Interests representing more than 40% of the aggregate ordinary voting power
represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower; or (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors (or committee thereof) of the Borrower by Persons who were neither
(i) nominated or approved by the board of directors (or committee thereof) of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated or approved (in each case either by a specific vote or approval of a proxy statement issued by the
Borrower on behalf of its entire board of directors in which such individual is named as a nominee for director). 

Change in
Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule,
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or,
for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders or Issuing Banks holding company, if any) with any request, rule, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
by any Governmental Authority; providedhowever, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and
directives thereunder, issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International

11 

Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall
in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

Class, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark
Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Co-Documentation Agent means each of Citibank, N.A. and MUFG Bank, Ltd. in its
capacity as co-documentation agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 2.01A opposite such Lenders
name under the heading Commitment, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial
Code) contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable, and giving effect to (a) any reduction in such amount from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) any increase from time to time
pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) any reduction or increase in such amount from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04; provided that at no time shall the Revolving Credit Exposure of
any Lender exceed its Commitment. The aggregate principal amount of the Commitments on the Effective Date is $1,000,000,000. 

Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any
successor statute. 

Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or
other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications
pursuant to Section 8.03, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 

Computation Date is defined in
Section 2.04. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income
(however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consolidated Debt for Borrowed Money means
at any time the sum, without duplication, of (i) all Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries of the types described in clauses (a), (b), (g) and (h) (to the extent such letter of credit or letter of guaranty has been drawn and not
reimbursed) of the definition of Indebtedness hereunder, determined on a consolidated basis, (ii) the capitalized portion of any synthetic leases and (iii) Indebtedness of the type referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) hereof
of another Person guaranteed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (with the amount of such guarantee being determined in accordance with the last sentence of the definition of Guarantee). For purposes of clause (ii) above,
capitalized portion means, with respect to any synthetic lease, the price for which the lessee can purchase the leased property or could purchase it if the synthetic lease expired on the date of the applicable calculation of the
Consolidated Debt for Borrowed Money. 

12 

Consolidated EBITDA means, with reference to any period, the sum of the
following: (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus (b) without duplication and to the extent deducted from revenues in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for
such period, (ii) expense for taxes paid or accrued during such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation, (iv) amortization during such period, (v) share-based non-cash
compensation expense, (vi) any other non-cash charges, non-cash expenses or non-cash losses of the Borrower or any
Subsidiaries for such period (excluding any such charge, expense or loss incurred in the ordinary course of business that constitutes an accrual of, or a reserve for, cash charges for any future period), (vii) any unusual, extraordinary, or non-recurring charges, expenses or losses determined in accordance with GAAP, (viii) to the extent actually reimbursed in cash, expenses incurred to the extent covered by indemnification provisions in any
agreement in connection with any acquisition, (ix) acquisition-related expenses (including, but not limited to, intangibles, goodwill and contingent consideration), whether or not such acquisition is successful, (x) fees, costs and
expenses related to the Transactions or related to or resulting from any incurrence of any permitted Indebtedness, any equity issuance or repurchase, or any investments or dispositions, (xi) restructuring, integration and related charges (which
for the avoidance of doubt, shall include retention, severance, systems establishment costs, contract termination costs, including future lease commitments, and costs to consolidate facilities and relocate employees), (xii) any net after-Tax losses on discontinued operations (but if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations, only when and to the extent
such operations are actually disposed of) and (xiii) any foreign currency translation losses (including losses related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness) (provided that the aggregate cash portion of the amounts added back pursuant to
the preceding clauses (vii) and (xi) shall not exceed seven and one-half percent (7.5%) of the amount of Consolidated EBITDA for such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower), minus
without duplication and to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income, (c) interest income, (d) extraordinary non-cash gains realized other than in the ordinary course of
business, (e) any cash payments made during such period in respect of any items added back pursuant to clauses (v) and (vi) above subsequent to the fiscal quarter in which the relevant non-cash
item was incurred, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis and (f) any foreign currency translation gains. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the interest expense (including without limitation
interest expense under Capital Lease Obligations that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such period with respect to, without duplication, (i) all
outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP and (ii) Swap Agreements (including, without limitation, all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to
letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under interest rate Swap Agreements to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP) for such period. 

Consolidated Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis (without duplication) for such period. 

Consolidated Total
Assets means, as of the date of any determination thereof, total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a consolidated basis as of such date. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. A Person shall not be deemed to control another Person
through the ability to exercise voting power unless such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to vote 10% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such
Person. 

13 

Convertible Debt Security means debt securities, the terms of which
provide for conversion into Equity Interests (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of such Equity Interests), cash by reference to such Equity Interests or a combination thereof. 

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor
administrator). 

CORRA Administrator means the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator). 

CORRA Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple CORRA. 

CORRA Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple CORRA. 

Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an
interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Co-Syndication Agent means each of Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association in its capacity as co-syndication agent for the credit facility
evidenced by this Agreement. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 

Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of
the foregoing. 

Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender.

Daily Simple CORRA means, for any day (a CORRA Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to CORRA for the
day (such day, the CORRA Determination Date) that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such CORRA Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such CORRA Rate Day or (ii) if such CORRA Rate Day is not an RFR Business
Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such CORRA Rate Day, in each case, as such CORRA is published by the CORRA Administrator on the CORRA Administrators website. Any change in Daily Simple CORRA due to a change in CORRA shall

14 

be effective from and including the effective date of such change in CORRA without notice to the Company. If by 5:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any given CORRA Determination Date, CORRA in respect of
such CORRA Determination Date has not been published on the CORRA Administrators website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple CORRA has not occurred, then CORRA for such CORRA Determination Date will be CORRA as
published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for which such CORRA was published on the CORRA Administrators website, so long as such first preceding RFR Business Day is not more than five (5) RFR Business Days prior to
such CORRA Determination Date. 

Daily Simple RFRmeans, for any
day (an RFR Interest Day), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Pounds Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an
RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, (ii) Swiss Francs, SARON for the day that is five (5) RFR Business
Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, (iii) Singapore
Dollars, SORA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day
immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (iv) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR (following a Benchmark Transition Event and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate) and (v) for any RFR Loan denominated in Canadian
Dollars, Daily Simple CORRA (following a Benchmark Transition Event and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term CORRA). 

Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such
day a SOFR Determination Date) that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR
Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and
including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. If by 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the second (2nd) RFR Business Day immediately following any SOFR
Determination Date, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Date has not been published on the SOFR Administrators Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR
Determination Date will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrators Website. 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both
would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and
shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

Defaulting
Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit
or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the
result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in
writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under 

15 

this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified
and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after
request by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to
meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon
the receipt by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or
(B) a Bail-In Action. 

Departing Lender means each lender under the
Existing Credit Agreement that executes and delivers to the Administrative Agent a Departing Lender Signature Page. 

Departing
Lender Signature Page means the signature page to this Agreement on which it is indicated that the Departing Lender executing the same shall cease to be a party to the Existing Credit Agreement on the Effective Date. 

Disclosure Letter means the disclosure letter from the Borrower dated as of the date hereof, as amended or supplemented
from time to time by the Borrower with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. 

Dollar Amount of any amount of any currency means, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is
expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in a Foreign Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency last provided
(either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or
ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with such Foreign Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the
Borrower, using any method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with
the Borrower, using any method of determination it deems reasonably appropriate. 

Dollars or $
refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 

ECP means an eligible contract participant as
defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

16 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union,
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person
entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance
with Section 9.02). 

Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated
with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or
notices issued or promulgated by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to employee health and
safety matters. 

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for
damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling,
transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement
or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Equity
Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights
entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, (i) Convertible Debt Securities shall not for purposes of this definition be deemed to be an Equity
Interest and (ii) Bond Hedges shall not for purposes of this definition be deemed to be an Equity Interest. 

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

ERISA Affiliate means any
trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 

ERISA Event means (a) any
reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived);
(b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or
Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect
to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan;
(f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its 

17 

ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt
by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability
or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBO Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro and for any Interest Period, the EURIBO
Screen Rate, two (2) TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

EURIBO Screen Rate means the
euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the
administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Reuters as
published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time on such date of determination. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the
Borrower. 

euro and/or means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means any Specified Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee
of the Borrower of such Specified Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official
interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of the Borrowers failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of the Borrower with respect to such Specified Swap Obligation. If a Specified Swap Obligation arises under a
master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Specified Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws
of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that otherwise are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in
the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Recipient with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such
Recipient acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Recipient changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that,
pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Recipients assignor immediately before such Recipient acquired the applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment or to such Recipient immediately
before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

18 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned in the recitals. 

Existing Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(a). 

Extended Letter of Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(c). 

Extending Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 

Extension Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(a). 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement between the government of the United States and the jurisdiction in which
the applicable Recipient is resident implementing such provisions of the Code and regulations, and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such days federal funds
transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate;
provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, controller or vice president
tax and treasury of the Borrower. 

Financials means the annual or quarterly financial statements, and
accompanying certificates and other documents, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b). 

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement,
the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, the Adjusted AUD Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple
RFR, the Japanese Prime Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, the
Adjusted AUD Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Japanese Prime Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate shall be 0%. 

Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 

Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn and
unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at
such time. 

19 

Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in
a Foreign Currency. 

Foreign Currency Payment Office of the Administrative Agent shall mean, for each Foreign Currency,
the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each Lender. 

Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision
thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government. 

Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor) means any obligation, contingent or
otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any
obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any
security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity
capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of
guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or any indemnification obligations entered into in the
ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be the lower of (i) an amount equal to the stated or determined amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (ii) the maximum
amount for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, or, if such Guarantee is not an unconditional guarantee of the entire amount of the primary obligation and such maximum amount
is not stated or determinable, the amount of such guaranteeing Persons maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof determined by such Person in good faith. 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes
or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, friable asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

IBA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.05. 

Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 

Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 

Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 

20 

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements
relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business and
(ii) obligations which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with GAAP), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such
Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of
Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (i) all obligations,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances and (j) the Net Mark-to Market Exposure of all Swap Obligations of such Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the foregoing, in connection with any acquisition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary permitted hereunder (or any sale, transfer or other disposition by the Borrower or any Subsidiary permitted hereunder), the term Indebtedness shall not
include contingent consideration to which the seller in such acquisition (or the buyer in such sale, transfer or other disposition, as the case may be) may become entitled or contingent indemnity obligations that may be owed to such seller (or
buyer, if applicable) in respect thereof. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a
result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on
account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b). 

Index Debt means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any
other person or entity or subject to any other credit enhancement. 

Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to
such term in Section 9.04(b). 

Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12. 

Information Memorandum means the lender presentation dated January 2021 relating to the Borrower and the Transactions. 

Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with
Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent and separately provided to the Borrower. 

Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) and any Loan that bears
interest at the Japanese Prime Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate and any CBR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically
corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such RFR Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to
any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a 

21 

part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at
intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. 

Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and
ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or, other than with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the
Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the Borrower may elect, or such other period as is requested by the Borrower and is acceptable to each Lender and the Administrative Agent; provided, that
(i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case
such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month
of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification
in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation
of such Borrowing. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Issuing Bank means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and
each other Lender designated by the Borrower as an Issuing Bank hereunder that has agreed to such designation (and is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated
affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of
Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing
Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto, and, further, references herein to the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to each of
the Issuing Banks or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the context requires. 

Japanese Prime Ratemeans for
any Loan denominated in Japanese Yen the greater of (a) (i) the Japanese local bank prime rate plus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment and (b) the Floor. 

Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in Japanese Yen, a rate equal to the difference
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the TIBO Rate for an Interest Period of one month for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBO Screen Rate was available (excluding, from
such averaging, the highest and the lowest TIBO Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate in effect on the last Business Day in such period; provided, that for purposes of this
definition, the Japanese Prime Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (a)(ii) of the definition of such term. For purposes of this definition, the TIBO Rate on any day shall be based on the TIBO Screen Rate on such day at approximately the
time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Japanese Yen for a maturity of one month. 

Japanese Yen
or means the lawful currency of Japan. 

22 

LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a
Letter of Credit. 

LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all
outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its
Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of
Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the
International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms in the governing rules or laws or in the Letter of Credit itself,
or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and
each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 

Lender Notice Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 

Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a
subsidiary. 

Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(d). 

Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01A and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder
pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other documentation
contemplated hereby. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lenders excludes the Departing Lenders. 

Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 

Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(b). 

Letter of Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters
of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01B, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as
its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified to the
Administrative Agent. 

Leverage Ratio means the ratio, determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower
ending after the Effective Date, of Consolidated Debt for Borrowed Money as of the end of such fiscal quarter to Consolidated EBITDA for the period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the end of such fiscal quarter. 

23 

Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims),
demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 

Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of
trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or other security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any
financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset. 

Loan
Documents means this Agreement, any promissory notes executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any Letter of Credit applications, any Letter of Credit Agreement and any agreements between the Borrower and an Issuing Bank
regarding such Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Commitment or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit and any and all other instruments and documents
executed and delivered in connection with any of the foregoing. 

Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the
Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 

Local Time means (i) New York City time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or
LC Disbursement denominated in Dollars and (ii) local time in the case of a Loan, Borrowing or LC Disbursement denominated in a Foreign Currency (it being understood that such local time shall mean (a) London, England time with respect to
any Foreign Currency (other than euro, Australian Dollars or Canadian Dollars), (b) Brussels, Belgium time with respect to euro, (c) Sydney, Australia time with respect to Australian Dollars and (d) Toronto, Canada time with respect to
Canadian Dollars, in each case of the foregoing clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) unless otherwise notified by the Administrative Agent). 

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its payment obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (c) the rights of or benefits
available to the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness
(other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $150,000,000. For purposes of determining
Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the
Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 

Material
Subsidiary means each Subsidiary (a) which, as of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower, for the period covering the then most recently ended fiscal year and the portion of the then current fiscal year ending at the end of
such fiscal quarter, for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01, contributed greater than five percent (5%) of the Borrowers consolidated revenues for such period or (b) which contributed greater
than five percent (5%) of the Borrowers Consolidated Total Assets as of such date. 

Maturity Date means
March 5, 2030, as extended pursuant to Section 2.24; provided, however, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 

24 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 

Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of a Person
means, as of any date of determination, the excess (if any) of all unrealized losses over all unrealized profits of such Person arising from each Swap Agreement transaction. Unrealized losses means the fair market value of the cost to
such Person of replacing such transaction as of the date of determination (assuming such transaction were to be terminated as of that date), and unrealized profits means the fair market value of the gain to such Person of replacing such
transaction as of the date of determination (assuming such transaction was to be terminated as of that date). 

Non-Extending Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.24(b). 

NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and
(b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the
term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided,
further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

NYFRBs Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source.

Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued
and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of
whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively,
existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising
or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations
incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof; provided that the definition of Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by the Borrower of any Excluded Swap
Obligations of the Borrower for purposes of determining any obligations of the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, obligations arising from Bond Hedges and letter of credit facilities that are not under this
Agreement shall not be considered Obligations. 

OFAC means Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States
Department of the Treasury. 

Original Currency has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(a). 

25 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes
imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations
under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that
arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that
are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 

Outbound Investment Rules means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance
issued, by the United States Treasury Department under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation; as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq. 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar
transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding
Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 

Overnight Foreign Currency Rate means, for any amount
payable in a Foreign Currency, the rate of interest per annum as determined by the Administrative Agent at which overnight or weekend deposits in the relevant currency (or if such amount due remains unpaid for more than three (3) Business Days,
then for such other period of time as the Administrative Agent may elect) for delivery in immediately available and freely transferable funds would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the interbank market upon request of such
major banks for the relevant currency as determined above and in an amount comparable to the unpaid principal amount of the related Credit Event, plus any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed upon, or charged
to, the Administrative Agent by any relevant correspondent bank in respect of such amount in such relevant currency. 

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful
currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

Payment has the
meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). 

Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 8.06(c). 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined
in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 

Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day has the meaning
assigned to such term in the definition of Term CORRA. 

26 

Permitted Encumbrances means: 

(a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes or other governmental charges that are not yet delinquent or are being contested in
compliance with Section 5.04; 

(b) carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens,
repairmens, landlords and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than sixty (60) days or are being contested in compliance with
Section 5.04; 

(c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers
compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; 

(d) deposits to secure the performance
of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of
Article VII; 

(f) easements, zoning restrictions,
rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do
not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 

(g) leases or subleases granted to other Persons and not interfering in any material respect with the business of the lessor or
sublessor; 

(h) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code filings or similar filings relating to operating
leases; 

(i) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs
duties in connection within the importation of goods; 

(j) licenses of intellectual property in the ordinary course of
business; 

(k) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease of real property or personal property; and

(l) Liens created pursuant to the general conditions of a bank operating in the Netherlands based on the general
conditions drawn up by the Netherlands Bankers Association (Nederlandse Vereniging van Banken) and the Consumers Union (Consumentenbond); 

provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. 

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

27 

Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 
2510.3-101et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 

Pounds Sterling or means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 

Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or,
if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is
no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and
including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction
class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

QFC
has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 

Qualifying Material Acquisition means an Acquisition in which the aggregate consideration paid in connection with such
Acquisition (including all cash consideration paid, all transaction costs incurred and all Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection therewith, and the maximum amount payable under any earn-out
obligations in connection therewith as reasonably calculated on the date of such Acquisition) equals or exceeds $400,000,000. 

Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR
Rate, 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (ii) if such Benchmark is the EURIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) TARGET Days preceding
the date of such setting, (iii) if such Benchmark is the TIBO Rate, 11:00 a.m., Japan time, two (2) Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (iv) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four (4) RFR Business Days
prior to such setting, (v) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON, then five (5) RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (vi) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SORA, then five (5) RFR Business Days prior to such setting,
(vii) if, following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (viii) if,
following a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term CORRA, the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple CORRA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (ix) if such Benchmark is Term CORRA, 1:00
p.m. Toronto local time on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting or (x) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Term CORRA, Daily Simple CORRA the EURIBO Rate, the TIBO Rate, SONIA,
SARON or SORA, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion after consultation with the Borrower. 

28 

Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective
partners, trustees, administrators, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in
Dollars, the Board and/or the NYFRB or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Pounds
Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in euro, the European
Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National
Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Japanese Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (vi) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other Foreign Currency, (a) the central bank
for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement
or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for
supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate,
(ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBO Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA, (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing
denominated in Australian Dollars, the AUD Rate, (v) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, the TIBO Rate, or (vi) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, Swiss Francs, Singapore
Dollars or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 

Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with
respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, the EURIBO Screen Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing
denominated in Australian Dollars, the AUD Screen Rate, (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA or (v) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, the TIBO
Screen Rate, as applicable. 

Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.23, (a) at any time prior to the earlier
of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing more than 50% of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit
Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero; and
(b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure at
such time; provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender 

29 

that is the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to
any reallocation under Section 2.23 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess
amount and (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower
shall be disregarded. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial
Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, principal accounting officer or chief legal officer of the Borrower. 

Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson
Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any
time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 

Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 

RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA, (b) Swiss Francs, SARON,
(c) Singapore Dollars, SORA, (d) Dollars (solely following a Benchmark Transition Event and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate), Daily Simple SOFR and (e) Canadian Dollars (solely following a Benchmark
Transition Event and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Term CORRA), Daily Simple CORRA, and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined
by reference to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans
comprising such Borrowing. 

RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, any day
except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London, (b) Swiss Francs, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are
closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich, (c) Singapore Dollars, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments
and foreign exchange transactions in Singapore, (d) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and (e) Canadian Dollars, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which commercial banks in
Toronto are authorized or required to remain closed. 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of
Daily Simple RFR. 

RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple
RFR. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a Standard & Poors Financial
Services LLC business. 

30 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any sale or other transfer of assets
or property by any Person with the intent to lease any such asset or property as lessee. 

Sanctioned Country means, at
any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the
so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person means, at any time, any Person subject to or the target of any Sanctions, including (a) any Person
listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the U.S. government, including by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union
member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or
Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) (including, without limitation for purposes of defining a Sanctioned Person, as ownership and control may be defined and/or established in and/or by any applicable laws, rules, regulations
or orders). 

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar restrictions imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state,
His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 

SARON means, with respect to
any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrators Website. 

SARON Administrator means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight).

SARON Administrators Website means SIX Swiss Exchange AGs website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Singapore Dollars means the lawful currency of Singapore. 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website means the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR
Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR. 

31 

SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily
Simple SOFR. 

SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight
Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

SONIA Administrators Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at
http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

SORA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Singapore Overnight Rate Average published by
the SORA Administrator on the SORA Administrators Website, and in any case, if SORA is less than zero, SORA shall be deemed to be zero. 

SORA Administrator means the Monetary Authority of Singapore (or any successor administrator of the Singapore Overnight
Rate Average). 

SORA Administrators Website means the Statistics page of the MAS website, http://www.mas.gov.sg,
or any successor website officially designated by SORA Administrator from time to time (or as published by its authorized distributors). 

Specified Ancillary Obligations means all obligations and liabilities (including interest and fees accruing during the
pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of any of the Subsidiaries, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect,
joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, to the Lenders or any of their Affiliates under any Swap Agreement or any Banking
Services Agreement; provided that the definition of Specified Ancillary Obligations shall not create or include any guarantee by the Borrower of any Excluded Swap Obligations of the Borrower for purposes of determining any
obligations of the Borrower. 

Specified Swap Obligation means any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement,
contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the
denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is
subject with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial
regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is
adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration,
exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve
percentage. 

32 

Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any
Subsidiary the payment of which by its terms is subordinated to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents. 

subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited
liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with
GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the
ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, Controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more
subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 

Subsidiary means any
subsidiary of the Borrower. 

Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 

Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar
agreement dealing with interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices, either generally or under specific contingencies. 

Swap Obligations of a Person means any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and
whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals,
terminations or assignments of any such Swap Agreement transaction. 

Swingline Borrowing means a borrowing of a
Swingline Loan. 

Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans
outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender
that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under
Section 2.23 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as a Swingline
Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 

Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity
as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 

Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. 

Swingline Sublimit means $10,000,000. 

Swiss Francs means the lawful currency of Switzerland. 

T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 

33 

TARGET Day means any day on which T2 (or, if such payment system ceases
to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, the Adjusted AUD Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate. 

Term CORRA means, for any calculation with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the
Term CORRA Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day) that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period,
as such rate is published by the Term CORRA Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on any Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day the Term CORRA Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been
published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term CORRA
Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term CORRA Administrator so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior
to such Periodic Term CORRA Determination Day. 

Term CORRA Administrator means Candeal Benchmark Administration
Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator. 

Term CORRA Notice means a notification by the Administrative
Agent to the Lenders and the Company of the occurrence of a Term CORRA Reelection Event. 

Term CORRA Reelection Event
means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term CORRA has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term CORRA is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and
(c) a Benchmark Transition Event has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.14(b) that is not Term CORRA. 

Term CORRA Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA. 

Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to
the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is
published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the
Term SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any 

34 

tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate
based on SOFR. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date
with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is
not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

TIBO
Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBO Screen Rate two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

TIBO Screen Rate means the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or
any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or
substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at
approximately 1:00 p.m., Japan time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

Total
Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time. 

Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 

Type, when used
in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate, the
Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Alternate Base Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time
to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes
certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK
Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

35 

Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the Commitment of
such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure. 

United States or U.S. mean the United States of
America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or
(iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person means (i) for purposes of Sections 3.16 and 6.04 hereof, any United States citizen, lawful permanent
resident, entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including any foreign branch of any such entity, or any person in the United States and (ii) for all other purposes, a United
States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the
meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 

wholly-owned Subsidiary means any Subsidiary, 100% of the
Equity Interests of which are owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower, other than any directors qualifying shares as required by law or shares held by nominees on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as required by law. 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such
Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 

Withholding Agent
means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class
(e.g., a Revolving Loan) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan) or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving
Loan). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing) or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing) or by Class and Type
(e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing). 

SECTION 1.03. Terms
Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall 

36 

include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase
without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and
other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply), and all judgments, orders and decrees, of all Governmental Authorities. Unless the context requires
otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any law, statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from
time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons successors and assigns (subject to any
restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein, hereof and
hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be
construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all
tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

SECTION 1.04. Accounting
Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations. (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Borrower
notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if
the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application
thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith;
provided, further, that in the event that the Borrower requests such an amendment, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to evaluate such proposed amendment. Notwithstanding any other provision contained
herein (and other than in connection with the preparation and delivery of financial statements in accordance with GAAP pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and Section 5.01(b)), all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed,
and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall (notwithstanding such preparation and delivery of such financial statements) be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board
Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair
value, as defined therein, (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a
similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof and (iii) in a manner such that any
obligations that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board on February 25, 2016 of an Accounting Standards Update (the ASU) shall continue to
be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for purposes of the Loan Documents (other than for purposes of delivery of financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP), whether or not such
operating lease obligations were in effect on such date, notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as capitalized or finance lease
obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents. 

37 

(b) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect
to any acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to
determine whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period
covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter
for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in
Section 3.04(a)), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings) and any related incurrence or reduction
of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act to the extent applicable. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma
effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). 

SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated in Dollars or a Foreign Currency may be
derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or a Term CORRA Reelection Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a
mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter
related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its
discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or
alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to
ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other
person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or
calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.06. Letter of Credit
Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that, with respect to any Letter of Credit
that, by its terms, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases,
whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 

38 

SECTION 1.07. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection
with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a
different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the
first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

SECTION 1.08. Amendment and Restatement of Existing
Credit Agreement. The parties to this Agreement agree that, upon (i) the execution and delivery by each of the parties hereto of this Agreement and (ii) satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01, the terms and provisions of the
Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation. All Loans made and
Obligations incurred under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Loans and Obligations under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
Without limiting the foregoing, upon the Effective Date: (a) all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent, the Credit Agreement and the Loan
Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (b) all obligations constituting Obligations owed to any Lender (other than Departing Lenders) or any Affiliate of such Lender
under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (c) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other
relevant actions in respect of each Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure under the Existing Credit Agreement as are necessary in order that each such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure and outstanding Revolving Loans hereunder reflects such
Lenders Applicable Percentage of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure on the Effective Date, (d) the existing Loans (if any) of each Departing Lender shall be repaid in full (which payment shall be accompanied by any accrued and unpaid interest
and fees thereon), each Departing Lenders Commitment under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be terminated and each Departing Lender shall not be a Lender hereunder or have any obligation to make Loans or extend credit under this
Agreement or to participate in Letters of Credit issued or Swingline Loans made under the Existing Credit Agreement (with all existing participations of each Departing Lender in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans deemed to be terminated) or to
reimburse any party for LC Disbursements in respect thereof (provided, however, that each Departing Lender shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 in respect of Commitments existing, and Revolving Loans
made, prior to the Effective Date) and (e) the Borrower hereby agrees to compensate each Lender (and each Departing Lender) for any and all losses, costs and expenses incurred by such Lender (and such Departing Lender) in connection with the sale
and assignment of any Term Benchmark Loans (including the Eurocurrency Loans under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement) and such reallocation (and any repayment or prepayment of each Departing Lenders existing Loans
(if any)) described above, in each case on the terms and in the manner set forth in Section 2.16 hereof. Each Departing Lender, by its execution of its Departing Lender Signature Page, notwithstanding the time period specified in Section 2.11 of the
Existing Credit Agreement, consents to delivery on or prior to the Effective Date of the notice of prepayment with respect to prepayment of its loans under the Existing Credit Agreement. 

39 

ARTICLE II 

The Credits 

SECTION
2.01. Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender (severally and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an
aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing to any Swingline Loans outstanding pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in (a) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the
Dollar Amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lenders Commitment or (b) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment.
Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 

SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing
consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder;
provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lenders failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in
Section 2.05. 

(b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised (i) in the case of
Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans or Term Benchmark Loans and (ii) in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the
Borrower may request in accordance herewith; provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or
Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such
option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an
aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 and (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen, 1,000,000 units of such currency) and not less
than $1,000,000 (or, if such Borrowing is denominated in (i) Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 and (ii) a Foreign Currency other than Japanese Yen, 1,000,000 units of such currency). At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and/or RFR
Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $1,000,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the
entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $100,000 and
not less than $500,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of fifteen (15) Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowings or RFR
Revolving Borrowings outstanding. 

40 

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower
shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such
request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower) (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three
(3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii)(x) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in euro, Australian Dollars or Canadian Dollars, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City
time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (y) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Canadian dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date
of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Japanese Yen, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iv) in the case
of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Pounds Sterling, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (v) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, not
later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and (vi) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Singapore Dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five
(5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request signed by the Borrower) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time,
on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that, if such Borrowing Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent. Each such
Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the Agreed Currency and the aggregate
principal amount of the requested Borrowing; 

(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing; 

(iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period
contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period; and 

(v) the location and number of the
Borrowers account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 

If no election as to the Type
of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving
Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of
the details thereof and of the amount of such Lenders Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no
event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03 a CBR Loan or prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to (x) the Term SOFR Rate, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on
Daily Simple SOFR or (y) Term 

41 

CORRA, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple CORRA (it being understood and agreed that a Central Bank Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, Daily Simple SOFR and
Daily Simple CORRA shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections 2.08(e) (solely with respect to the Central Bank Rate and the Canadian Prime Rate and the Japanese Prime Rate), 2.14(a) and 2.14(f)), as applicable. 

SECTION 2.04. Determination of Dollar Amounts. The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Amount of: 

(a) any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following: (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and
(ii)(A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each
calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), 

(b) any Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency, on each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter
of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof, and 

(c) any Credit Event, on any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of
Default exists. 

Each day upon or as of which the Administrative Agent determines Dollar Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (a),
(b) and (c) is herein described as a Computation Date with respect to each Credit Event for which a Dollar Amount is determined on or as of such day. 

SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may in its sole
discretion make Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding
Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Sublimit, (ii) any Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment or (iii) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment; provided that the
Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline
Loans. 

(b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by irrevocable
written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower or transmitted by electronic communication including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for such transmission have
been approved by the Administrative Agent), not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the
requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each
Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the Borrower with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made 

42 

to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the relevant Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of
such Swingline Loan. 

(c) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the
Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative
Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from
the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day, no later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on such Business Day and if received after 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a
Business Day, no later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lenders Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or
Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence
and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this
paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatismutandis, to the payment obligations
of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant
to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the
Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be
promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid
to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall
not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 

(d) The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by
written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such
replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender (in its capacity as such) pursuant to Section 2.13(a). From and after the effective date of any such
replacement, (i) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term
Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the

43 

replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this
Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 

(e) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may resign as a Swingline
Lender at any time upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above. 

SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit. (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may
request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in Agreed Currencies as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing
Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, and such Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue such Letters of Credit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have any
obligation hereunder to issue any Letter of Credit if (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any
law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or require that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter
of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that
was not applicable on the Effective Date and that the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it or (ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit
generally. 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter
of Credit (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been
approved by the relevant Issuing Bank) to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, but in any event no less than three (3) Business Days) a written
notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit
is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary
to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of
credit and/or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the relevant Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Banks standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement). In the event of any conflict
between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon
issuance, amendment or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (i) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount
of the LC Exposure shall not exceed $50,000,000, (ii) the sum of (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all

44 

LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time shall not exceed such Issuing Banks Letter of Credit Commitment,
(iii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment and (iv) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of each Lenders
Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank; provided that the
Borrower shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (iv) shall not be satisfied. 

(c) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the relevant
Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, one
year after such extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; provided that, upon the Borrowers request, any such Letter of Credit which is issued in the final year prior to the
Maturity Date may have an expiry date which is one (1) year after the Maturity Date if cash collateralized or covered by standby letter(s) of credit in compliance with Section 2.06(j) below (each such Letter of Credit, an Extended
Letter of Credit). For the avoidance of doubt, if the Maturity Date shall be extended pursuant to Section 2.24, Maturity Date as referenced in this clause (c) shall refer to the Maturity Date as extended pursuant to
Section 2.24; provided that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement (including Section 2.24 hereof) or any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Maturity Date, as such term is used in reference to any Issuing Bank or any
Letter of Credit issued thereby, may not be extended without the prior written consent of such Issuing Bank. 

(d)
Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the term thereof) and without any further action on the part of the relevant Issuing Bank or the Lenders, the
relevant Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the relevant Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be
drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, such Lenders
Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for
any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligations to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit and to make payments in respect of such acquired
participations are absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the
Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 

(e) Reimbursement. If the relevant Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the
Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the Dollar Amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement (or if any Issuing Bank shall so
elect in its sole discretion by notice to the 

45 

Borrower, in such other Agreed Currency which was paid by such Issuing Bank pursuant to such LC Disbursement in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement) not later than 12:00 noon, New York City
time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to
such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt;
provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than the Dollar Amount of $1,000,000, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be
financed with (i) to the extent such LC Disbursement was made in Dollars or the Issuing Bank demands payment of such LC Disbursement in Dollars, an ABR Revolving Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Loan in Dollars in
an amount equal to such LC Disbursement or (ii) to the extent that such LC Disbursement was made in a Foreign Currency, a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing in such Foreign Currency in an amount equal to such LC
Disbursement and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing, Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, RFR Revolving Borrowing or
Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lenders
Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with
respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatismutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received
by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the relevant Issuing Bank or, to the extent that
Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the relevant Issuing
Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. If the
Borrowers reimbursement of, or obligation to reimburse, any amounts in any Foreign Currency would subject the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any stamp duty, ad valorem charge or similar tax that would not be
payable if such reimbursement were made or required to be made in Dollars, the Borrower shall, at its option, either (x) pay the amount of any such tax requested by the Administrative Agent, the relevant Issuing Bank or the relevant Lender or
(y) reimburse each LC Disbursement made in such Foreign Currency in Dollars, in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount thereof calculated on the date such LC Disbursement is made. 

(f) Obligations Absolute. The Borrowers obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in
paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of
validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged,
fraudulent or invalid in any respect or 

46 

any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the relevant Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document
that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or
equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the Issuing Banks, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or
responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any
error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, document, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in
interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the relevant Issuing Bank from
liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by
the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Banks failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the
absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the relevant Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In
furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank
may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if
such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

(g) Disbursement Procedures.
Each Issuing Bank shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The relevant
Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder;
provided that such notice need not be given prior to payment by the Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with
respect to any such LC Disbursement. 

(h) Interim Interest. If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement,
then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding
the date that the reimbursement is due and payable, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans (or in the case such LC Disbursement is denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate for such Agreed
Currency plus the then effective Applicable Rate with respect to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans) and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable; provided that, if the Borrower fails

47 

to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the
account of the relevant Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of
such payment. 

(i) Replacement of Issuing Bank. (A) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written
agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of any Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall
become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank (in its capacity as such) pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the
successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed
to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto
and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of
Credit or extend or otherwise amend and existing Letter of Credit. 

(B) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing
Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with
Section 2.06(i)(A) above. 

(j) Cash Collateralization. If (x) any Event of Default shall occur and be
continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC
Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph or (y) the Borrower requests the issuance of an Extended Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall deposit in an account or accounts with the Administrative Agent, in the
name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account), an amount in cash equal to 105% of the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure in respect of such Extended Letter of Credit (in the case of
the foregoing clause (y)) or in the aggregate (in the case of the foregoing clause (x)) as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that (i) the portions of such amount attributable to undrawn Foreign
Currency Letters of Credit or LC Disbursements in a Foreign Currency that the Borrower is not late in reimbursing shall be deposited in the applicable Foreign Currencies in the actual amounts of such undrawn Letters of Credit and LC Disbursements
and (ii) the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall (1) be required at the time of issuance or extension in the case of an Extended Letter of Credit and (2) become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become
immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. For the purposes of
this paragraph, the Dollar Amount of the Foreign Currency LC Exposure shall be calculated on the date notice demanding cash collateralization is delivered to the Borrower. The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as
and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the 

48 

payment and performance of the Obligations. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or Section 2.06(c), if any LC Exposure remains outstanding after the expiration date specified in
Section 2.06(c), the Borrower shall immediately deposit into the LC Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105% of the Dollar Amount of such LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The
Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account, and the Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent a security interest in such account. Other than any interest
earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any,
on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees,
costs and customary processing charges and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but
subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the
occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 

(k) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding
hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such
Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the relevant Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse,
indemnify and compensate such Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably
waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such
Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

(l) Issuing Bank Agreements. Each Issuing Bank agrees that, unless otherwise requested by the Administrative Agent,
such Issuing Bank shall report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) on or prior to each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank expects to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment or extension, and
the aggregate face amount and currency of the Letters of Credit to be issued, amended or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension occurred (and whether the amount thereof changed), (ii) on each
Business Day on which such Issuing Bank pays any amount in respect of one or more drawings under Letters of Credit, the date of such payment(s) and the amount and currency of such payment(s), (iii) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to
reimburse any amount required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount and currency of such payment in respect of Letters of Credit and (iv) on any other Business Day, such other information as
the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. 

49 

SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be
made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 1:00 p.m., New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently
designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 12:00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agents Foreign Currency Payment Office for such
currency, and at such Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters
of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting or remitting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to (x) an account of the Borrower designated by the
Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of the Borrower in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans
denominated in a Foreign Currency; provided that Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing (or
in the case of an ABR Borrowing, prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may
assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has
not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest
thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate
determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation (including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency) or (ii) in the
case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. 

SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections. (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable
Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue
such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in
which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline
Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 

(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by irrevocable written notice via an Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower; provided that, if such Interest Election Request is submitted through an Approved Borrower Portal, the
foregoing signature requirement may be waived at the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent) by the time that a Borrowing 

50 

Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit the Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans that does not comply with
Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under such Borrowing. 

(c)
Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 

(i) the
Agreed Currency and the principal amount of the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting
Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 

(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 

(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars), a Term
Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing; and 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest
Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have
selected an Interest Period of one months duration. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to request pursuant
to this Section 2.08(c) a CBR Loan or, prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to (x) the Term SOFR Rate, an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR or (y) Term CORRA, an RFR Loan
bearing interest based on Daily Simple CORRA (it being understood and agreed that a Central Bank Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate, the Japanese Prime Rate, Daily Simple SOFR and Daily Simple CORR shall only apply to the extent provided in Sections
2.08(e) (solely with respect to the Central Bank Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate and the Japanese Prime Rate), 2.14(a) and 2.14(f), as applicable. 

(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the
details thereof and of such Lenders portion of each resulting Borrowing. 

(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a
timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest
Period such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a Borrowing having an Interest Period that is one (1) month. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term
Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark
Borrowing shall 

51 

automatically be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. Notwithstanding any contrary
provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding
Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, (x)(A) each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest
Period applicable thereto and (B) each RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing immediately and (y) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in a Foreign Currency
shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if
the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian
Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall either be (A) converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal
to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the next applicable Interest Payment Date, as applicable, therefor or (B) prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period or on the next
applicable Interest Payment Date, as applicable, in full; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and
(y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above. 

SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the
Maturity Date. 

(b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided
that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $5,000,000 and not less than $10,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any
concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11 and the cash collateralization or other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent made in respect of any outstanding Letters of Credit, (A) the
Dollar Amount of any Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Commitment or (B) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 

(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under
paragraph (b) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the
Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may
state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or other transactions specified therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the
specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective
Commitments. 

52 

SECTION 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby
unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan and (ii) to the Administrative Agent
for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the fifth (5th) Business Day after such Swingline Loan is
made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline
Loans outstanding. 

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing
the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder,
the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the
amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. 

(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be, absent
manifest error, primafacie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not
in any manner affect the Obligations (including, without limitation, the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare,
execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such
promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. 

SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 

(a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to
prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by written notice (which may be submitted by
electronic communication, including an Approved Borrower Portal, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent and, if relevant, the Swingline Lender) of any prepayment hereunder (i) (x) in the case of prepayment
of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing
denominated in euro, Japanese Yen, 

53 

Canadian Dollars or Australian Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an
RFR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one
(1) Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iv) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the
prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by
Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall
advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each
prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding
payments pursuant to Section 2.16. 

(b) If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency
exchange rates, the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such
Credit Event) exceeds the Aggregate Commitment or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds 105% of the Aggregate Commitment, the
Borrower shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause the
aggregate Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment. 

SECTION 2.12.
Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused)
during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates; provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such
facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving
Credit Exposure. Facility fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15th) day following such
last day and on the date on which the Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All
facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and the last day of each period but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate). 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with
respect to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue on the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to
Term Benchmark Revolving Loans, during the period from and including the 

54 

Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lenders Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to the
Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125% per annum on the daily maximum stated amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, during the period from and including the Effective Date to
but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Banks standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of
Credit and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such Issuing bank relating to the Letters of Credit as from time to time in effect. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March,
June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth (15th) day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided
that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this
paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and participation fees and fronting fees in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency
shall be paid in Dollars in the Dollar Amount thereof. 

(c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its
own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 

(d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the relevant Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid
shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 

SECTION 2.13. Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing
(including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 

(b) The Loans
comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO Rate, the Adjusted AUD Rate, the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate or the Adjusted TIBO Rate, as applicable, for the Interest Period in effect
for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 

(c) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the
applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or
interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate
per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate
applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. 

55 

(e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable by the Borrower in
arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in
the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such
repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such
conversion. 

(f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed
by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Pounds Sterling and Singapore Dollars, the Japanese Prime Rate (if applicable), Term CORRA, the Canadian Prime Rate (if applicable) or the Alternate Base Rate only at times when the Alternate Base
Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All
interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate,
Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBO Rate, EURIBO Rate, Adjusted TIBO Rate, TIBO Rate, Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, Term CORRA, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, Daily Simple RFR, Central Bank Rate, Japanese Prime Rate or Canadian Prime Rate shall be determined by
the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(g) Interest in respect of
Loans denominated in Dollars shall be paid in Dollars, and interest in respect of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency shall be paid in such Foreign Currency. 

SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest. 

(a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14 if: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the
commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Relevant Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current
basis) for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period
for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the applicable Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing
for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining
their Loans included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency; 

56 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by
telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the
relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in
Dollars, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be
an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or
(ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency, any Interest
Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant
Benchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowing, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any
Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then
until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request
in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to
such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or
(ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day and (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency (1) any Term
Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for
the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of
(a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in such Foreign Currency shall,
at the Borrowers election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in
such Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear
interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the
Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any
Foreign Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of
Benchmark 

57 

Replacement with respect to Dollars and/or Canadian Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark (including any related adjustments)
for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and
(y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will
replace such Benchmark (including any related adjustments) for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of
such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written
notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 

(c) (i) Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,
any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, with respect to a Loan denominated in Canadian Dollars, if a Term CORRA Reelection Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the
Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and
subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, this clause (c)(ii) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has
delivered to the Lenders and the Company a Term CORRA Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term CORRA Notice after the occurrence of a Term CORRA Reelection Event and may do so in its sole
discretion. 

(d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark
Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause
(e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to
this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as
expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,
at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including any Relevant Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or
other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement
or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the 

58 

definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and
(ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to
an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such
time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(f) Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark
Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for (i) a Term Benchmark Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued or (ii) a RFR Borrowing or conversion to RFR Loans,
during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, as applicable, denominated in Dollars into a request for a
Borrowing of or conversion to (A) solely with respect to any such request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark
Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any request relating to a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in a
Foreign Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or
such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of
notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to
this Section 2.14, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing
denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark
Transition Event, on such day, (B) for Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of
(a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) cannot be determined, any outstanding affected
Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency shall, at the Borrowers election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such
Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated
in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign
Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of (a) Japanese Yen, the
Japanese Prime Rate or (b) Canadian Dollars, the Canadian Prime Rate) for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall
either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. 

59 

SECTION 2.15. Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory
loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBO
Rate, the Adjusted AUD Rate, the Adjusted TIBO Rate or the Adjusted Term CORRA Rate, as applicable) or any Issuing Bank; 

(ii) impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency
any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or 

(iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable
thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or
maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of
any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may
be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or
would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or such Issuing Banks capital or on the capital of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the
Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lenders or such Issuing
Banks holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or such Issuing Banks policies and the policies of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company with
respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such
Lenders or such Issuing Banks holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender
or an Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of
this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days
after receipt thereof. 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant
to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this
Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions
and of such Lenders or such 

60 

Issuing Banks intention to claim compensation therefor; providedfurther that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments. 

(a) With respect to Term Benchmark Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on
the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of
the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under
Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (v) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof
in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any amount or
amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within
thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 

(b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any
RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date
specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date
applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d) or (iv) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated
in a Foreign Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender
setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay
such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof. 

SECTION 2.17.
Taxes. (a) Payments Made Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by
applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding
Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum
payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such 

61 

deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes has been made (including such deductions and withholdings for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17)
the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in
accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 

(c)
Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of
a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after written demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment
to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after
demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the
Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender,
in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted
by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent
to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this
paragraph (e). 

(f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of
withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and
executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the 

62 

Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of
such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such
Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person: 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on
which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying
that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is
legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from
time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable,
establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to
the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming
that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a
10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate) and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY,
accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate substantially in the form 

63 

of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other
certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such
Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be
prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if
such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code)
and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has
complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this
Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any
respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has
received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such
refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket
expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall
repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such
refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of
which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the 

64 

indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or
additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to
the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this
Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all
obligations under any Loan Document. 

(i) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term
applicable law includes FATCA. 

SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs. 

(a) The Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be
made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars, 12:00 noon,
New York City time and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, 12:00 noon, Local Time, in the city of the Administrative Agents Foreign Currency Payment Office for such currency, in each case on the date when due
or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the
Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or
where such currency has been converted to euro, in euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its applicable office or offices as described in an Administrative Questionnaire provided by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower from time to
time, except payments to be made directly to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto.
The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on
a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Notwithstanding the
foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which
the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency) no longer exists or the Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by
the Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrower takes all
risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 

65 

(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the
Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the
parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled
thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 

(c) If
any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements
or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received
by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary
so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline
Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such
recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender
as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to
which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may
exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due
to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance
herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the
relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such
amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
(including without limitation the Overnight Foreign Currency Rate in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency). 

(e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e),
2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative 

66 

Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the
benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks to satisfy such Lenders obligations to it under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a
segregated account over which the Administrative Agent shall have exclusive control as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section; in the case of each of clauses (i) and
(ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 

SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations;
Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any
Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices,
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject
such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or
assignment. 

(b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) the Borrower is required
to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole
expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights
(other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment);
provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be
withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable
to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for
compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and
delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required
pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by
reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be
effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents
necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

67 

SECTION 2.20. Expansion Option. The Borrower may from time to time elect to increase
the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan), in each case in minimum increments of $20,000,000 so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such increases
and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed $500,000,000. The Borrower may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Commitment, or to participate in such
Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender; provided
that no Ineligible Institution may be an Augmenting Lender), which agree to increase their existing Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or provide new Commitments, as the case may be; provided that (i) each
Augmenting Lender, shall be subject to the approval of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (ii) (x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Borrower and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit
F hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Borrower and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the
increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall
become effective on the date agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the
Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions
set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer of the
Borrower and (B) the Borrower shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis assuming the increased Commitments have been fully drawn as Revolving Loans) with the covenants contained in Section 6.05 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have
received documents and opinions consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the organizational power and authority of the Borrower to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase or Incremental Term Loan. On the effective
date of any increase in the Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the
Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lenders portion of
the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) except in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all
outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each
Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans
(a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in
any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans; provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different
financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only 

68 

during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an
amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender
participating in such tranche, if any, and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or
appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20; provided that any such Incremental Term Loan Amendment shall require that any waivers or amendments of Section 4.02
shall also require the written consent or approval of Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments
in respect of Revolving Loans. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time.

SECTION 2.21. Senior Debt. The Borrower hereby designates all Obligations now or hereinafter incurred or otherwise outstanding,
and agrees that the Obligations shall at all times constitute, senior indebtedness and designated senior indebtedness, or terms of similar import, which are entitled to the benefits of the subordination provisions of all Subordinated Indebtedness.

SECTION 2.22. Judgment Currency. If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from
the Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency) into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used
shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agents main New York City office on the Business Day preceding
that on which final, non-appealable judgment is given. The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a
currency other than the specified currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such
Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum
originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, the Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to
indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be,
in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be,
agrees to remit such excess to the Borrower. 

SECTION 2.23. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); 

(b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such
Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, 

69 

at maturity or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the
Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to
any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize each Issuing Banks LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long
as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so
determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement
and (y) cash collateralize each Issuing Banks future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth, to the payment of
any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result
of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of
any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and
eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that, if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such
Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be
applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such
Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance
with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral
pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; 

(c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the
Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided that any amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent
of all Lenders or all Lenders directly affected thereby shall not, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, require the consent of such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms hereof; 

(d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than, in the case of a
Defaulting Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in
accordance with 

70 

their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that (x) such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment and (y) no Default has occurred and is continuing at such time; 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower
shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of each Issuing Bank only the Borrowers
obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC
Exposure is outstanding; 

(iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC
Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting
Lenders LC Exposure is cash collateralized; 

(iv) if the LC Exposure of the
non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and 

(v) if all or any
portion of such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder,
all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lenders Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under
Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders LC Exposure shall be payable to the relevant Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and 

(e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no
Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lenders then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100% covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.23(d), and Swingline Exposure related to any such newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to
any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.23(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).

If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur
following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in
which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the relevant
Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder.

71 

In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and each
Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such
Lenders Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans
in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 

SECTION 2.24. Extension of Maturity Date. 

(a) Request for Extension. The Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the
Lenders) not earlier than 60 days and not later than 30 days prior to each anniversary of the date of this Agreement (each such date, an Extension Date), request that each Lender extend such Lenders Maturity Date to the date
that is one year after the Maturity Date then in effect for such Lender (the Existing Maturity Date). 

(b) Lenders Election to Extend. Each Lender, acting in its sole and individual discretion, shall, by notice to the
Administrative Agent given not later than the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Administrative Agent received the Borrowers extension request (the Lender Notice Date), advise the Administrative Agent whether
or not such Lender agrees to such extension (each Lender that determines to so extend its Maturity Date, an Extending Lender). Each Lender that determines not to so extend its Maturity Date (a Non-Extending Lender) shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact promptly after such determination (but in any event no later than the Lender Notice Date), and any Lender that does not so advise
the Administrative Agent on or before the Lender Notice Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to so agree,
and it is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Borrower for extension of the Maturity Date. 

(c) Notification by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of each Lenders
determination under this Section no later than the date that is 15 days prior to the applicable Extension Date (or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day). 

(d) Additional Commitment Lenders. The Borrower shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on or before the
applicable Maturity Date for any Non-Extending Lender to replace such Non-Extending Lender with, and add as Lenders under this Agreement in place thereof,
one or more financial institutions (each, an Additional Commitment Lender) approved by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the procedures provided in Section 2.19(b), each of which Additional Commitment Lenders shall
have entered into an Assignment and Assumption (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04, with the Borrower or replacement Lender obligated to pay any applicable processing or recordation fee) with such Non-Extending Lender, pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Lenders shall, effective on or before the applicable Maturity Date for such Non-Extending Lender, assume a
Commitment (and, if any such Additional Commitment Lender is already a Lender, its Commitment shall be in addition to such Lenders Commitment hereunder on such date). Prior to any Non-Extending Lender
being replaced by one or more Additional Commitment Lenders pursuant hereto, such Non-Extending Lender may elect, in its sole discretion, by giving irrevocable notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower (which notice shall set forth such Lenders new Maturity Date), to become an Extending Lender. The Administrative Agent may effect such amendments to this Agreement as are reasonably necessary to provide for any such extensions
with the consent of the Borrower but without the consent of any other Lenders. 

72 

(e) Minimum Extension Requirement. If (and only if) the total of the
Commitments of the Lenders that have agreed to extend their Maturity Date and the new or increased Commitments of any Additional Commitment Lenders is more than 50% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the
applicable Extension Date, then, effective as of the applicable Extension Date, the Maturity Date of each Extending Lender and of each Additional Commitment Lender shall be extended to the date that is one year after the Existing Maturity Date
(except that, if such date is not a Business Day, such Maturity Date as so extended shall be the next preceding Business Day) and each Additional Commitment Lender shall thereupon become a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and
shall be bound by the provisions of this Agreement as a Lender hereunder and shall have the obligations of a Lender hereunder. 

(f) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) no more than two
(2) extensions of the Maturity Date shall be permitted hereunder and (y) any extension of any Maturity Date pursuant to this Section 2.24 shall not be effective with respect to any Lender unless: 

(i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the applicable Extension Date and
immediately after giving effect thereto; 

(ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this
Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if such representation is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the applicable Extension Date and after giving effect thereto, as though made on
and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date); and 

(iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the Borrower signed by a Financial Officer of the
Borrower certifying the accuracy of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii). 

(g) Maturity Date for Non-Extending Lenders. On the Maturity Date of each Non-Extending Lender, (i) the Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender
shall automatically terminate and (ii) the Borrower shall repay such Non-Extending Lender in accordance with Section 2.10 (and shall pay to such Non-Extending
Lender all of the other Obligations owing to it under this Agreement) any amounts not assigned to an Additional Commitment Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall administer any necessary reallocation of the Revolving Credit Exposures (without
regard to any minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and/or pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement), and after giving effect thereto the Borrower shall prepay any Revolving Loans outstanding on such date (and pay any
additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.16) to the extent necessary to keep outstanding Revolving Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages of the respective Lenders effective as of such date. 

(h) Conflicting Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.18 or Section 9.02 to the
contrary. 

73 

ARTICLE III 

Representations and Warranties 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 

SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each of the Borrower and its Material Subsidiaries is duly incorporated or organized, validly
existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept applies to such entity) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, as the case may be, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now
conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such
qualification is required. 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within the Borrowers corporate
or other powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder or shareholder action. The Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitute a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity,
regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The
Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority on the part of the Borrower, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect,
(b) will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any order of any Governmental Authority binding on the Borrower,
(c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be
made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 

SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its
consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity (in the case of annual financial statements only) and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended April 26, 2024 reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended October 25, 2024 and January 24, 2025, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 

(b) Since April 26, 2024, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, operations or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

SECTION 3.05. Properties. (a) Each of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as
currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes or where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

74 

(b) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use,
all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and, to the Borrowers knowledge, the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other
Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.06. Litigation, Labor Matters and Environmental Matters. (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before
any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination
and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions. 

(b) There are no labor controversies pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Except with respect to any matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law,
(ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 

SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements;. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws,
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except, in each case, where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is party or subject to any law, regulation, rule or order, or any obligation under any agreement or instrument, that has had,
or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status. Neither the
Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

SECTION 3.09. Taxes. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports
required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as
applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 3.10. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA
Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

75 

SECTION 3.11. Disclosure. The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements,
instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, when taken together with the Borrowers filings with the SEC, could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the written reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information (other than projections or forward-involving information and information of a general
economic or industry specific nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by
other information so furnished) contains, when furnished and taken as a whole, and taken as a whole with the Borrowers filings with the SEC, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information or results, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in
good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that such projected financial information are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies and that no assurances can be given that any particular
projected financial information will be realized and that variances between actual results and projected financial results can be material). 

SECTION 3.12. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan have been used or will be used, whether directly or
indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing, not more than 25% of the value of the assets (either of the
Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 6.02 or Section 6.03 or subject to any restriction contained in any Loan Document will be margin stock within
the meaning of Regulation U. 

SECTION 3.13. No Default. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 

SECTION 3.14. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed
to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and to the knowledge of the
Borrower, their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary, or to the knowledge of the Borrower or
such Subsidiary any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility
established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transactions will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions. 

SECTION 3.15. Affected Financial Institutions. The Borrower is not an Affected Financial Institution. 

SECTION 3.16. Outbound Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a covered foreign person as
that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries currently engages, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity or a
covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is
defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative
Agent or any Lender to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement. 

76 

ARTICLE IV 

Conditions 

SECTION 4.01.
Effective Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in
accordance with Section 9.02): 

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party
hereto a counterpart of this Agreement and each other Loan Document signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06, may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that
reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page). 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable
written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of (i) Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, PC, special financing counsel for the Borrower and (ii) Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom LLP, special securities counsel for the Borrower, in each case covering such matters relating to the Borrower, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Borrower hereby
requests such counsel to deliver such opinion. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and
certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the incorporation or organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to
the Borrower, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit C. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the Chief Executive
Officer or a Financial Officer, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02. 

(e) (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date, all
documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the
Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Effective
Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership
Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (e) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 

(f) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees (including fees for the account of the Lenders) and other amounts due
and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Effective Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder. 

77 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice
shall be conclusive and binding. 

SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of
any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Banks to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement (other than the representations and
warranties contained in Section 3.04(b) and Section 3.06(a)) shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and
correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, except, in each case, to the extent such representation and warranty specifically refers to an
earlier date, in which case it shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier
date. 

(b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment or extension of
such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment or extension of a
Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and
the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 

ARTICLE V 

Affirmative Covenants 

Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have
been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated (in each case without any pending draw), or otherwise become subject to cash collateralization or other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,
and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 5.01. Financial
Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 

(a) within
ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each
case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Deloitte & Touche LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized international standing (without a going concern or like
qualification, explanatory paragraph or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and
results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied; 

78 

(b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first
three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its condensed consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter (other than the statement of cash flows) and the
then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of
its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to
normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

(c) concurrently
with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a compliance certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit E hereto (i) certifying as to whether a Default
has occurred and is continuing and, if a Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating
compliance with Section 6.05 and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred,
specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate; 

(d) promptly after the
same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said
Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; 

(e) promptly after Moodys or S&P shall have announced a change in the rating established or deemed to have been
established for the Index Debt, written notice of such rating change; and 

(f) promptly following any request therefor,
(x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request
and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the
Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Reports or financial information required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a), 5.01(b)
or 5.01(d) (to the extent any such financial statements, reports, proxy statements or other materials are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the
date on which Borrower posts such report or provides a link thereto on its website on the internet; provided that Borrower shall provide paper copies to the Administrative Agent of the compliance certificates required by Section 5.01(c).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies or electronic versions (i.e. soft copies, PDF files or links to access such documents) of any financial statement referred to in Section 5.01 to the Administrative Agent if
the Administrative Agent requests the Borrower to furnish such copies until written notice to cease delivering such copies is given by the Administrative Agent. 

79 

SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of any Responsible Officer having knowledge of the following: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default; 

(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against
the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(c)
the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice delivered under this Section shall (i) shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads Notice under Section 5.02 of the
NetApp Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025 and (ii) be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or
development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 

SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct
of Business. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and
franchises material to the conduct of its business except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation,
liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03. 

SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations. The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where
(a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and
(c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and
maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and
(b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or
similar locations. 

SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries
to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made in all material respects and sufficient to prepare financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Material
Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and
condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested (but not more than once per calendar year unless an Event of Default exists). Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the
Borrower nor its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose or discuss, or permit 

80 

the inspection, examination or making of extracts of any document, book, record or other matter that (i) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or their representatives is then prohibited by applicable law or any agreement binding on
Borrower or its Subsidiaries or (iii) is protected from disclosure by the attorney-client privilege or the attorney work product privilege. 

SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all laws, rules,
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority (including without limitation Environmental Laws), in each case except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption
Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only to finance the working
capital needs, and for general corporate purposes, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the
Board, including Regulations T, U and X. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing, not more than 25% of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject
to the provisions of Section 6.02 or Section 6.03 or subject to any restriction contained in any Loan Document will be margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or
Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or
facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated
in the United States or in a European Union member state or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions known to the Borrower and applicable to any party hereto. 

ARTICLE VI 

Negative
Covenants

Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable
hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated (in each case without any pending draw), or otherwise become subject to cash collateralization or other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 

SECTION 6.01.
Subsidiary Indebtedness. The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) the Obligations and any other Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents; 

(b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 to the Disclosure Letter and
extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness with Indebtedness of a similar type that does not increase the then outstanding 

81 

principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such extensions,
renewals, refinancings or replacements; 

(c) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; 

(d) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; 

(e) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvements of any fixed or capital
assets and related software, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets (and additions, accessions, parts, improvement and
attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness with Indebtedness of a similar type that does not increase the then outstanding
principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements; provided that
such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement; and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding
principal amount thereof; 

(f) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided
that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such
Indebtedness with Indebtedness of a similar type that does not increase the then outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in
connection with such extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements; 

(g) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary as an account
party in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees and bankers acceptances; 

(h) Indebtedness in respect of Swap
Agreements; 

(i) Indebtedness with respect to surety, appeal, indemnity, performance or other similar bonds in the ordinary
course of business or with respect to agreements providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earn-out payments, earnest money or similar obligations in connection with any acquisitions, or any
dispositions permitted by Section 6.03 or other uses provided for in clause (d) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances; 

(j) Indebtedness arising from the honoring of a check, draft or similar instrument against insufficient funds or from the
endorsement of instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) customer deposits and advance payments
received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods or services purchased in the ordinary course of business; 

(l) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply agreements, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

82 

(m) Indebtedness of Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to
exceed the greater of (i) $925,000,000 and (ii) 10.0% of Consolidated Total Assets (calculated as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter and determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness by reference to the Borrowers
financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial
statements referred to in Section 3.04(a)); and 

(n) Indebtedness arising under a declaration of joint and several
liability used for the purpose of Article 2:403 of the Dutch Civil Code (and any residual liability under such declaration arising pursuant to section 2:404(2) of the Dutch Civil Code). 

SECTION 6.02. Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on
any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it (and for purposes hereof, any capital stock issued by the Borrower which is held by the Borrower as treasury stock shall not be deemed to be property or an asset of the Borrower and shall
not be subject to this Section 6.02), except: 

(a) Permitted Encumbrances; 

(b) any Lien on any property or asset (and any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the
proceeds thereof) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02 to the Disclosure Letter; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset (other
than any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions,
renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such obligations with obligations of a similar type that does not increase the then outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount
paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements; 

(c) any Lien existing on any property or asset (and any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and
the proceeds thereof) prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset (and any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) of any Person that
becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as
the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets (other than any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and
(iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such
obligations with obligations of a similar type that does not increase the then outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in
connection with such extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements; 

(d) Liens on fixed or capital assets and related
software (and additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof) acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness
not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness with Indebtedness of a similar type that does not increase 

83 

the then outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such
extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements, (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within one hundred eighty (180) days after such acquisition or the completion of
such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and related software and (iv) such security interests
shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than any additions, accessions, parts, improvements and attachments thereto and the proceeds thereof); 

(e) customary bankers Liens and rights of setoff arising by operation of law or contract and incurred on deposits made in
the ordinary course of business or on deposit or securities accounts; 

(f) assignments of the right to receive income
effected (i) as a part of the sale of a Subsidiary or a business unit or (ii) for factoring in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) Liens on any cash earnest money deposit made by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or
acquisition agreement that is not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(h) customary Liens granted in favor of a trustee to
secure fees and other amounts owing to such trustee under an indenture or other agreement pursuant to Indebtedness not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; 

(i) Liens against properties leased or covered under Borrowers synthetic lease facilities to secure Borrowers
obligations under the documents governing such facilities, or granted against any such property to secure Indebtedness incurred to repay any such facility or purchase any such property and extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any
such obligations with obligations of a similar type that does not increase the then outstanding principal amount thereof except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in
connection with such extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements; 

(j) Liens securing reasonable and customary fees
for services in favor of banks, securities intermediaries or other depository institutions; 

(k) Liens on cash collateral
and other property delivered to or received by an issuer or bank in connection with a letter of credit, bank guarantee or bankers acceptance, securing reimbursement obligations with respect to such letters of credit, bank guarantees and
bankers acceptances, and Liens on cash collateral or margin posted for obligations arising under Swap Agreements, in each case, that are not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement and are in respect of transactions entered into in the
ordinary course of business; 

(l) Liens on insurance proceeds securing the premium of financed insurance proceeds; and 

(m) other Liens on assets securing Indebtedness or other obligations not prohibited hereunder in an aggregate amount not to
exceed the greater of (i) $925,000,000 and (ii) 10.0% of Consolidated Total Assets (calculated as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter and determined at the time of the granting of such Lien by reference to the Borrowers financial
statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b), the most recent financial statements
referred to in Section 3.04(a)). 

84 

SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes and Asset Sales. The Borrower will not, and will
not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose (including pursuant to a Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of (in
one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or all or substantially all of the stock of the Subsidiaries taken as a whole (in each case, whether now
owned or hereafter acquired, and for purposes hereof, any capital stock issued by the Borrower which is held by the Borrower as treasury stock shall not be deemed to be property or an asset of the Borrower and shall not be subject to this
Section 6.03), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing: 

(i) any Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity; 

(ii) any wholly-owned Subsidiary may merge into or consolidate with any wholly-owned Subsidiary in a transaction in which the
surviving entity is a wholly-owned Subsidiary and no Person other than the Borrower or a wholly-owned Subsidiary receives any consideration; 

(iii) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to any wholly-owned Subsidiary pursuant to a
transaction not otherwise prohibited under this Agreement; 

(iv) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower
determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower; 

(v) the Borrower
may merge with any other Person so long as the Borrower is the surviving entity; 

(vi) any Subsidiary may merge or
consolidate with any other Person so long as the surviving entity is a wholly-owned Subsidiary; 

(vii) any Subsidiary may
dispose of all or substantially all of the stock (or other equity interests) of any of its Subsidiaries other than a Material Subsidiary to, and Borrower or any Subsidiary may dispose of assets to, any other Person so long as Borrower delivers a
certificate to the Administrative Agent demonstrating pro forma compliance with Section 6.05 after giving effect to such transaction; and 

(viii) the Borrower may transfer the stock (or other equity interests) of any Subsidiary held by the Borrower to any
wholly-owned Subsidiary. 

SECTION 6.04. Outbound Investment Rules. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, or (b) engage, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity or a covered
transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the
Outbound Investment Rules, if the Borrower were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or any Lender to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent or any
Lender to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement. 

85 

SECTION 6.05. Maximum Leverage Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the Leverage Ratio
to be greater than 3.00 to 1.00. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall be permitted to allow the maximum Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 6.05 to be increased to 3.50 to 1.00 for a period of four consecutive fiscal
quarters (each such period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, an Adjusted Covenant Period) in connection with a Qualifying Material Acquisition consummated during the first of such four fiscal quarters (and in respect of which the
Borrower shall provide notice in writing to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) of its election to have the Adjusted Covenant Period be in effect and a transaction description of such Qualifying Material Acquisition (including
the name of the person or summary description of the assets being acquired and the approximate purchase price)), so long as the Borrower is in compliance on a pro forma basis with the maximum Leverage Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 on the closing date of
such Qualifying Material Acquisition immediately after giving effect (including giving effect on a pro forma basis) to such Qualifying Material Acquisition. It is understood and agreed that (x) the Borrower may not elect a new Adjusted Covenant
Period for at least two fiscal quarters following the end of an Adjusted Covenant Period and (y) the maximum Leverage Ratio permitted under this Section 6.05 shall revert to 3.00 to 1.00 as of the end of any Adjusted Covenant Period and
thereafter until another Adjusted Covenant Period (if any) is elected pursuant to the terms and conditions described above. 

ARTICLE VII

Events of Default

If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement
when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; 

(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in
clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; 

(c) any written representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower in or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any written report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; 

(d) (i) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a),
5.03 (with respect to the Borrowers existence), 5.08 or 5.09 or in Article VI or (ii) any Loan Document shall for any reason not be or shall cease to be in full force and effect or is declared to be null and void, or the Borrower or
any Subsidiary takes any action for the purpose of terminating, repudiating or rescinding any Loan Document or any of its obligations thereunder; 

(e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other
than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article) and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be
given at the request of the Required Lenders); 

86 

(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment of
principal or interest in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable after giving effect to any applicable grace period; 

(g) with respect to any Material Indebtedness, any event or condition occurs that results in such Material Indebtedness
becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity (other than by regularly scheduled redemptions or by conversion of any convertible debt instrument pursuant to its terms unless such redemption or conversion results from a default thereunder or an event
of the type that constitutes an Event of Default) or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to
cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to (x) secured Indebtedness that
becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (y) any redemption, repurchase, conversion or settlement with respect to any Convertible Debt Security pursuant to its terms unless
such redemption, repurchase, conversion or settlement results from a default thereunder or an event of the type that constitutes an Event of Default or (z) any early payment requirement or unwinding or termination with respect to any Swap
Agreement, including any Bond Hedge; 

(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be
filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership
or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any
such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; 

(i) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking
liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate
manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take
any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; 

(j) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall become
unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; 

(k) one or more judgments
for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $150,000,000 (to the extent not covered by a creditworthy insurer that has not denied coverage), shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the
same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor holding a judgment in excess of $150,000,000 to
attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; 

87 

(l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the reasonable opinion of
the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(m) a Change in Control shall occur; 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time
thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the
same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments (and the Letter of Credit Commitments), and thereupon the Commitments (and the Letter of Credit Commitments) shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be
due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with
accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
waived by the Borrower, and (iii) require cash collateral for the LC Exposure in accordance with Section 2.06(j); and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the
Commitments (and the Letter of Credit Commitments) shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations
accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (iii) above shall automatically become effective,
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required
Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

The Administrative Agent

SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action. 

(a) Each Lender and Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its
successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and the Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such
powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and Issuing
Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the
Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 

(b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan
Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to 

88 

exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written
instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each
Lender and Issuing Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives
an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that
may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in
violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the
exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall
not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates
in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or
powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 

(c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf
of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. The motivations of the
Administrative Agent, Co-Documentation Agents and Co-Syndication Agents are commercial in nature and not to invest in the general performance or operations of the
Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 

(i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be
deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other holder of Obligations other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to
the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create
or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent
in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby; and 

(ii) nothing in this Agreement or any
Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account. 

(d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or
through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and
exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. 

89 

The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any
sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the
selection of such sub-agent.

(e) None of any
Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 

(f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to the Borrower under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed
or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 

(i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC
Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under
Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(ii) to collect and receive any monies
or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator,
sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each other holder of Obligations to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative
Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other holders of Obligations, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan
Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 

(g) The provisions of this Article VIII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, and,
except solely to the extent of the Borrowers rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article VIII, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any
rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each holder of the Obligations, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Guarantees of the Obligations provided under the Loan Documents,
to have agreed to the provisions of this Article VIII. 

90 

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agents Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc.

(a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken
by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage
of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct
(such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any
recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by the Borrower or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or
received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page) or for any failure of the Borrower to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 

(b) The Administrative Agent shall
be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02 in
respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is
a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default) is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to
ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith,
(iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability,
effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items
(which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any Issuing
Bank as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Dollar Amount thereof. 

(c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such
promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public
accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or
representation to any Lender or any Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or any Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that
such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary 

91 

from such Lender or such Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no
liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or
other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth
in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications. 

(a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and
the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic
transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform). 

(b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary
web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved
Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a
deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic
medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and
other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such
distribution. 

(c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE.
THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC
PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR
FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY
CO-SYNDICATION AGENT, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO
THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, THE ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF
THE BORROWERS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO ACTUAL AND DIRECT DAMAGES TO THE EXTENT DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT
JURISDICTION BY FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE JUDGMENT TO HAVE RESULTED FROM THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF ANY APPLICABLE PARTY; PROVIDED THAT ANY COMMUNICATION TO ANY LENDERS, PROSPECTIVE LENDERS, PARTICIPANTS OR

92 

PROSPECTIVE PARTICIPANTS OR, TO THE EXTENT SUCH DISCLOSURE IS OTHERWISE PERMITTED, TO ANY OTHER PERSON THROUGH AN APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM SHALL BE MADE SUBJECT TO THE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND
ACCEPTANCE BY SUCH PERSON THAT SUCH COMMUNICATION IS BEING DISSEMINATED OR DISCLOSED ON A CONFIDENTIAL BASIS (ON TERMS SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.12 OR OTHERWISE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE
BORROWER), WHICH SHALL IN ANY EVENT REQUIRE CLICK THROUGH OR OTHER AFFIRMATIVE ACTIONS ON THE PART OF THE RECIPIENT TO ACCESS SUCH COMMUNICATION. 

(d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been
posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing
(which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders or such Issuing Banks (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the
foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 

(e) Each of the Lenders, each Issuing Bank and the Borrower agrees that the
Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agents generally applicable document
retention procedures and policies. 

(f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing
Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

SECTION
8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually. With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), Letter of Credit Commitment and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the
same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Bank, Lenders,
Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, an Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The
Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other
business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank. 

SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving at least 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing
Banks and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall
have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agents giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the
Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of
the Borrower (which approval may not be 

93 

unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor
Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a
successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agents resignation hereunder as
Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Fees payable by the Borrower
to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. 

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall
have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks
and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and
(ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other
Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the
Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agents resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article VIII and
Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its
sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks. 

(a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending
facility, (ii) in participating as a Lender, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in each case in the
ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of investing in the general performance or operations of the Borrower, or for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument such as a security (and each
Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing, such as a claim under the federal or state securities laws), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger,
any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to
make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or
hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Co-Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the
Related Parties of any of the 

94 

foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States
securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related
agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

(b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the
Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each
Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 

(c) 

(i) Each
Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands
the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the
Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day
from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim,
defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based
on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its
Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice)
or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes
aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one
Business Day thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent, may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in
same day funds, together with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Administrative Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such
amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

95 

(iii) The Borrower hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and
(y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower. 

(iv) Each partys obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

(d) The Lenders acknowledge that there may be a constant flow of information (including information which may be subject to confidentiality
obligations in favor of the Borrower) between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A and its Affiliates, on the other hand. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower or its Affiliates may provide
information, including updates to previously provided information to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and/or its Affiliates acting in different capacities, including as Lender, lead bank, arranger or potential securities investor, independent of such
entitys role as administrative agent hereunder. The Lenders acknowledge that neither JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. nor its Affiliates shall be under any obligation to provide any of the foregoing information to them. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth herein or in any other Loan Document, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent
shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide, and shall not be liable for the failure to provide, any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the Loans, the Lenders, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and
other condition or creditworthiness of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to, obtained by, or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity, including any information obtained by the
Administrative Agent in the course of communications among the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, any Affiliate thereof or any other Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such information may (but shall not be required to) be shared by the
Administrative Agent with one or more Lenders, or any formal or informal committee or ad hoc group of such Lenders, including at the direction of the Borrower. 

SECTION 8.07. Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or
for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using
plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving 

96 

insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in,
administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A)
such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment
decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to
the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation,
warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In
addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arrangers, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Co-Documentation Agents or any of their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent, or the Arrangers, the Co-Syndication Agents, the Co-Documentation Agents or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with
the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

(c) The Administrative Agent and each Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent and Co-Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the
Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of
Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees,
facility fees, commitment fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent fees or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate
transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 

SECTION 8.08. Borrower Communications. 

(a) The Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks agree that the Borrower may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Borrower
Communications to the Administrative Agent through an electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Borrower Portal). 

97 

(b) Although the Approved Borrower Portal and its primary web portal are secured with
generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system), each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing
Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of the
Borrower that are added to the Approved Borrower Portal, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of
Borrower Communications through the Approved Borrower Portal and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 

(c) THE APPROVED
BORROWER PORTAL IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER COMMUNICATION, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL AND THE BORROWER COMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ANY APPLICABLE PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE BORROWER, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES
(WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE BORROWERS TRANSMISSION OF BORROWER COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED BORROWER PORTAL EXCEPT SOLELY TO THE EXTENT OF ACTUAL AND DIRECT (AND NOT INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL) DAMAGES DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE JUDGMENT TO HAVE RESULTED FROM SUCH APPLICABLE PARTYS GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFULL MISCONDUCT. 

Borrower Communications means, collectively, any Borrowing Request, Interest Election Request, notice of prepayment, notice
requesting the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit or other notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions
contemplated therein which is distributed by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent through an Approved Borrower Portal. 

(d) Each of
the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Borrower Communications on the Approved Borrower Portal in
accordance with the Administrative Agents generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 

(e) Nothing herein shall
prejudice the right of the Borrower to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

98 

ARTICLE IX 

Miscellaneous 

SECTION 9.01.
Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall
be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or e-mail, as follows: 

(i) if to the Borrower, to it at 3060 Olsen Drive, San Jose, CA 95128, Attention of Treasurer (Email: ng-Treasury-Capital-Markets@netapp.com), with a copy (in the case of a notice of Default) to Legal (Email:ng-corporatesecretary@netapp.com); 

(ii) if to the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lender from the Borrower, to the address or addresses separately provided
to the Borrower; 

(iii) if to the Administrative Agent from the Lenders, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 383 Madison Ave,
Floor 24, New York, NY, 10179-0001, Attention of Melanie George (Email: melanie.george@jpmorgan.com); 

(iv) if to an
Issuing Bank, to it at the address separately provided to the Borrower; and 

(v) if to any other Lender, to it at its
address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 

Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or
registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given
at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portals, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said
paragraph (b). 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the
Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms or Approved Borrower Portals (as applicable), in each case, pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing
shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other
communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

(c) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses
(i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day
for the recipient. 

99 

(d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices
and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or
delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or
any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the
Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom
shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of
such Default at the time. 

(b) Except as provided in Section 2.20 or in Section 2.24 (with respect to the
extension of the Maturity Date) or in Section 9.02(c) or in Section 2.14(b) and Section 2.14(c), neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in
writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender
without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly
affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or
postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.09(c) or Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the
ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.23(b) without the written consent of each
Lender, (vi) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or
make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment,
Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Revolving Loans are included on the Effective Date) or (vii) release the Borrower from its obligations
under Article X without the written consent of each Lender; providedfurther that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be (it being understood that any change to Section 2.23 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender); and providedfurther that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.06 without the prior 

100 

written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall be
required of any Defaulting Lender, except with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of this paragraph and then only in the event such Defaulting Lender shall be
directly affected by such amendment, waiver or other modification. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and
any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to any increase in Commitments
pursuant to Section 2.20 and the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect
thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding
such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders; provided that any such amendment or restatement shall require that any waivers or amendments of Section 4.02 shall also require the written consent or
approval of Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans representing more than 50% of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments in respect of Revolving Loans. 

(d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or
each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a
Non-Consenting Lender), then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that,
concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting
Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day
of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without
limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such
replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender and (iii) such
Non-Consenting Lender shall have received the outstanding principal amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements. Each party hereto agrees that (i) an assignment required pursuant to this
paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an
Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and (ii) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be
deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such

101 

assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend,
modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 

SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity; Etc. 

(a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the
Administrative Agent and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities
provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance, amendment or
extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel for the Administrative Agent and one additional local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, and one counsel
for all the Lenders other than the Administrative Agent, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in
connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or
negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank
and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses (which, in the
case of fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, shall be limited to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of (i) one primary counsel, and one additional local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, for the
Administrative Agent, its Affiliates and related Indemnitees (taken as a whole) and (ii) one additional counsel, and one additional counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, for all the Lenders and other Indemnitees (taken as a whole)) incurred
by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their
respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor
a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on
or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation,

102 

investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower or its equity holders, Affiliates,
creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent
that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) the material
breach by such Indemnitee of its express obligations under this Agreement pursuant to a claim initiated by the Borrower or (z) any dispute solely among Indemnitees (not arising as a result of an act or omission by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates) other than claims against any of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or any of their Affiliates in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent, an Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender, a lead
arranger, a bookrunner, a co-syndication agent, a co-documentation agent or any similar role under this Agreement). Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
hereby agrees, on behalf of itself and its related Indemnitees, that any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, respectively, and its related Indemnitee in connection with a claim or proceeding for which an indemnity
claim is made against the Borrower pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be so entered into in good faith and not on an arbitrary or capricious basis. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that
represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 

(c) To the extent that the
Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent,
such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person), as the case may be, such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the
applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Borrowers failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof); provided
that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such. 

(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any of the Administrative
Agent, any Arranger and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person) (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other
materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet, any Approved Electronic Platform and any Approved Borrower Portal), except to the extent determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Administrative Agent, Arranger, Lender or Lender-Related Person, or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special,
indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the
Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 

(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable
promptly after written demand therefor. 

103 

SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may
assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the
Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons
(other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior
written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of: 

(A) the Borrower
(provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof);
provided, further, that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Article VII has occurred and
is continuing, any other assignee; 

(B) the Administrative Agent; 

(C) the Issuing Banks; providedthat no consent of an Issuing Bank shall be required if (x) an
Event of Default occurs with respect to the Borrower under clause (h) or clause (i) of Article VII and (y) such Issuing Bank has no outstanding Letters of Credit at that time; and 

(D) the Swingline Lender; provided that no consent of a Swingline Lender shall be required if (x) an Event of
Default occurs with respect to the Borrower under clause (h) or clause (i) of Article VII and (y) such Swingline Lender has no outstanding Swingline Loans at that time. 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the
entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with
respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $10,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be
required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

104 

(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a
proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lenders rights
and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans; 

(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the
Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such
Lenders; and 

(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative
Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its affiliates, and
their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. 

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following
meanings: 

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding
or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that
administers or manages a Lender. 

Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender
or its Lender Parent, (c) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the
effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this
Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of
the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a
Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with
paragraph (c) of this Section. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and
the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements 

105 

owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or
(y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are
participants, the assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such
assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the
assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and
record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the
Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent,
the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely
responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection
with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to
approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification
or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and
limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and
had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under
paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to
the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense,
to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the 

106 

Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of
Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans
or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any
Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish
that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or
Section 1.163-5(b) of the Proposed United States Treasury Regulations (or, in each case, any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest
error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to
secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that
no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower in the Loan Documents and in the
certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan
Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had
notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any
other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and
9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the
Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 

SECTION 9.06.
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the reductions of the Letter of Credit
Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and 

107 

supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become
effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or
(z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01(a)), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this
Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that
reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution,
signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the
keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or
enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in
any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of
any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the
Borrower, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any
Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (ii) agrees that the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other
Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such
electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with
respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures
and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf, or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security
measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any
provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

108 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all of
the Obligations held by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may
be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each Issuing
Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process; Waiver of Immunity. 

(a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 

(b) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the
governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 

(c)
Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan
(or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any
such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or
New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall (i) affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction, (ii) waive any statutory, regulatory, common law, or other rule, doctrine, legal restriction, provision or the like providing for the
treatment of bank branches, bank agencies, or other bank offices as if they were separate juridical entities for certain purposes, including Uniform Commercial Code Sections 4-106,4-A-105(1)(b), and 5-116(b),

109 

UCP 600 Article 3 and ISP98 Rule 2.02, and URDG 758 Article 3(a), or (iii) affect which courts have or do not have personal jurisdiction over the issuing bank or beneficiary of any Letter of
Credit or any advising bank, nominated bank or assignee of proceeds thereunder or proper venue with respect to any litigation arising out of or relating to such Letter of Credit with, or affecting the rights of, any Person not a party to this
Agreement, whether or not such Letter of Credit contains its own jurisdiction submission clause. 

(d) Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

(e) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents to
service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER
THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND
(B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are
not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and
other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any
Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) (in which case, other than with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants, any self-regulatory

110 

authority or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority, each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agree to the extent not
prohibited by applicable law, rule, regulation or order, to inform the Borrower promptly of the disclosure thereof and to the extent practicable, prior thereto), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws, rules or regulations or by any
subpoena or order or similar legal process (in which case, other than with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants, any self-regulatory authority or any governmental bank regulatory authority exercising examination or
regulatory authority, each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agree to the extent not prohibited by applicable law, rule, regulation or order, to inform the Borrower promptly of the disclosure thereof and to the extent
practicable, prior thereto), (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any
other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap, derivative or insurance transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations
or to any credit insurance provider relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein
or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the
Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or any agreement contemplated by clause (f) of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the
Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source that is not, to the knowledge of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender respectively, subject to confidentiality obligations owing to
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and prohibiting such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender shall be required to provide notice of any permitted disclosures made in
connection with any regulatory review of the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender by any governmental agency or regulatory body with jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Bank or such Lender. For the purposes of
this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a
nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or such Subsidiary and other than information pertaining to the terms of and parties to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table
providers, that serve the lending industry. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree
of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE
SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL
NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF
ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS AFFILIATES AND RELATED
PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES) AND ITS SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT
MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 

111 

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.12 shall prohibit any Person from voluntarily
disclosing or providing any Information within the scope of this confidentiality provision to any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory organization (any such entity, a Regulatory Authority) to the extent that any such prohibition
on disclosure set forth in this Section 9.12 shall be prohibited by the laws or regulations applicable to such Regulatory Authority. 

SECTION 9.13. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act) and the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the Act and the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name, address and tax identification number of the Borrower and other information that will allow
such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 

SECTION 9.14. No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 

(a) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have
any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan
Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based
on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal,
tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the
transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 

(b) The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit
Party, together with its Affiliates, in addition to providing or participating in commercial lending facilities such as that provided hereunder, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as
well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the
accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and other companies with which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have
commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will
be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 

112 

(c) In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its Affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or
its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no
Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, confidential information obtained from other companies. 

SECTION 9.15. Reserved. 

SECTION 9.16. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to
any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate)
which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect
thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the
interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the NYFRB Rate to the date of repayment,
shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In
of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees
to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any
such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected
Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in
connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

113 

SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the
Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the
parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and
any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such
interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

SECTION 9.19. Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due
hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other
currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall,
notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency), be
discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case
may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the
Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower
(or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 

114 

ARTICLE X 

Borrower Guarantee 

In order to
induce the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the Borrower hereby absolutely and irrevocably and unconditionally
guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the payment when and as due of the Specified Ancillary Obligations of the Subsidiaries. The Borrower further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Specified Ancillary
Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Specified Ancillary
Obligation. 

The Borrower waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to
any Subsidiary of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, and also waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Borrower hereunder
shall not be affected by (a) the failure of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Subsidiary under the provisions of any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap
Agreement or otherwise; (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan
Document, any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement or other agreement; (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; (e) the failure of any applicable
Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to take any steps to perfect and maintain any security interest in, or to preserve any rights to, any security or collateral for the Specified Ancillary Obligations, if any; (f) any change in the corporate,
partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Subsidiary or any other guarantor of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations; (g) the enforceability or validity of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or any part thereof or the
genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Specified Ancillary Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any
Subsidiary or any other guarantor of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Banking Services Agreement, any Swap Agreement, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order
or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Subsidiary or any other guarantor of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the
Specified Ancillary Obligations; or (h) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of the Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law
or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of the Borrower to subrogation. 

The Borrower further agrees that its agreement
hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely
of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in
favor of any Subsidiary or any other Person. 

The obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation,
impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of
any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Specified Ancillary Obligations or otherwise. 

115 

The Borrower further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall constitute a continuing and
irrevocable guarantee of all Specified Ancillary Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Specified Ancillary Obligation
(including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or is or must otherwise be restored or returned by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any
Subsidiary or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a holder of Specified Ancillary Obligations in its discretion). 

In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) may have at
law or in equity against the Borrower by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any Subsidiary to pay any Specified Ancillary Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or
otherwise, the Borrower hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to such applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in cash an amount equal
to the unpaid principal amount of such Specified Ancillary Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Borrower further agrees that if payment in respect of any Specified Ancillary Obligation shall be due in a
currency other than Dollars and/or at a place of payment other than New York, Chicago or any other Foreign Currency Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance
or other event, payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of any applicable Lender (or any of its Affiliates), disadvantageous to such applicable
Lender (or any of its Affiliates) in any material respect, then, at the election of such applicable Lender, the Borrower shall make payment of such Specified Ancillary Obligation in Dollars (based upon the Dollar Amount of such Specified Ancillary
Obligation on the date of payment) and/or in New York, Chicago or such other Foreign Currency Payment Office as is designated by such applicable Lender (or its Affiliate) and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify such applicable
Lender (and any of its Affiliates) against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 

Upon payment by the Borrower of any sums as provided above, all rights of the Borrower against any Subsidiary arising as a result thereof by
way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Specified Ancillary Obligations owed by such Subsidiary to the applicable
Lender (or its applicable Affiliates). 

At such time as the principal and interest on the Loans, all LC Disbursements, the fees, expenses
and other amounts payable under the Loan Documents and the other Obligations (other than obligations not yet due and payable under any Swap Agreement or any Banking Services Agreement, and other Obligations expressly stated to survive such payment
and termination) shall have been paid in full in cash, the Commitments shall have been terminated and all Letters of Credit (other than Extended Letters of Credit) have terminated or expired (in each case without any pending draw) or otherwise
become subject to cash collateralization or other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, this Article X and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Borrower hereunder shall
automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 

116 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

NETAPP, INC.,

as the Borrower

By 

/s/ Michael J. Berry

Name: Michael J. Berry

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually as a

Lender, as the Swingline Lender, as an Issuing Bank

and as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ Melanie George

Name: Melanie George

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., individually as a

Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Lindsay Sames

Name: Lindsay Sames

Title: Director

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

individually as a Lender and as an Issuing Bank

By: 

/s/ Sid Khanolkar

Name: Sid Khanolkar

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Carmen-Christina Kelleher

Name: Carmen-Christina Kelleher

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Lillian Kim

Name: Lillian Kim

Title: Director

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

BNP PARIBAS, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Christopher Sked

Name: Christopher Sked

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Nicolas Doche

Name: Nicolas Doche

Title: Vice President

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Dan Starr

Name: Dan Starr

Title: Authorized Signatory

Signature Page to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

NetApp, Inc. 

SCHEDULE 2.01A 

COMMITMENTS 

LENDER 

COMMITMENT 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. $ 190,000,000 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. $ 190,000,000 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION $ 190,000,000 

CITIBANK, N.A. $ 125,000,000 

MUFG BANK, LTD. $ 125,000,000 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA $ 90,000,000 

BNP PARIBAS $ 90,000,000 

AGGREGATE COMMITMENT $ 1,000,000,000 

SCHEDULE 2.01B 

LETTER OF CREDIT COMMITMENTS 

LENDER 

LETTER OF CREDIT

COMMITMENT 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. $ 50,000,000 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. $ 50,000,000 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION $ 50,000,000 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and
is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor) and [Insert name of Assignee] (the Assignee). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the
Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases
and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignors
rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding
rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit, guarantees, and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under
applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or
instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or
in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the
Assigned Loan Interest). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

1. Assignor: 

2. Assignee: 

[and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify
Lender]1]

3. Borrower(s): NetApp, Inc. 

4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

5. Credit Agreement: The Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025 among NetApp, Inc., the Lenders parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent

1 

Select as applicable. 

6. Assigned Loan Interest: 

Aggregate Amount of

Commitment/Loans for all

Lenders 

Amount of Commitment/Loans

Assigned 

Percentage Assigned of

Commitment/Loans2

$ $ %

$ $ %

$ $ %

Effective Date: , 20 [TO BE INSERTED BY
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

The Assignee agrees to deliver to the
Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public
information about the Borrower, and its Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignees compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal
and state securities laws. 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNEE 

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Consented to and]3 Accepted: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

By: 

Title: 

2 

Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

3 

To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

[Consented to]:4

[NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY] 

By: 

Title: 

4 

To be added only if the consent of other parties (e.g. Swingline Lender or Issuing Banks) is required by the
terms of the Credit Agreement. 

[Consented to:] 5

NETAPP, INC. 

By: 

Title: 

5 

To be added only if the consent of the Borrower is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

ANNEX I 

[]1

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

1.
Representations and Warranties. 

1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal
and beneficial owner of the Assigned Loan Interest, (ii) the Assigned Loan Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit
Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or to charge interest at the rate set forth
therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 

1.2 Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action
necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit
Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Loan Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement
as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Loan Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Loan
Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Loan Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies
of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment
and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Loan Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or any of their
respective Related Parties, and (vi) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees
that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, Co-Syndication Agent, Co-Documentation Agent, the Assignor or any
other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and
(ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. Without limiting the foregoing, the Assignee represents and warrants, and agrees
to, each of the matters set forth in Section 8.06 of the Credit Agreement, including that the Loan Documents set out the terms of a commercial lending facility. 

1 

Describe Credit Agreement at option of Administrative Agent. 

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make
all payments in respect of the Assigned Loan Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have
accrued from and after the Effective Date. 

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure
to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of
this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Approved Electronic Platform shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT B 

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

EXHIBIT C 

LIST OF CLOSING DOCUMENTS 

NETAPP, INC. 

CREDIT
FACILITY 

March 5, 2025 

LIST OF CLOSING DOCUMENTS1

A. LOAN DOCUMENTS

1. 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) by and among NetApp,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the institutions from time to time parties thereto as Lenders (the Lenders) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent for itself and the
other Lenders (the Administrative Agent), evidencing an unsecured revolving credit facility to the Borrower from the Lenders in an initial aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000,000. 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule 2.01A

Schedule 2.01B 

Commitments

Letter of Credit
Commitments

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit B [Intentionally Omitted]

Exhibit C List of Closing Documents

Exhibit D Reserved

Exhibit E Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit F Form of Increasing Lender Supplement

Exhibit G Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement

Exhibit H-1 

Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships)

Exhibit H-2 

Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships)

Exhibit H-3 

Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships)

Exhibit H-4 

Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships)

1 

Each capitalized term used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the
above-defined Credit Agreement. Items appearing in bold and italics shall be prepared and/or provided by the Borrower and/or Borrowers counsel. 

2. 

Disclosure Letter executed by the Borrower in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.

3. 

Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each of the Lenders, if any, which has requested a note pursuant to
Section 2.10(e) of the Credit Agreement. 

B. CORPORATE DOCUMENTS

4. 

Certificate of a Director, Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other duly appointed and authorized
officer of the Borrower certifying (i) that there have been no changes in the Certificate of Incorporation or other charter document of the Borrower, as attached thereto and as certified as of a recent date by the
Secretary of State (or analogous governmental entity) of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, since the date of the certification thereof by such secretary of state, (ii) the By-Laws or other applicable organizational document, as attached thereto, of the Borrower as in effect on the date of such certification, (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors
or other governing body of the Borrower authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document to which it is a party, and (iv) the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of the
Borrower authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and authorized to request a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement.

5. 

Good Standing Certificate for the Borrower from the Secretary of State (or analogous governmental entity)
of the jurisdiction of its organization.

C. OPINIONS

6. 

Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, PC, special financing
counsel for the Borrower.

7. 

Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, special
securities counsel for the Borrower.

D. CLOSING CERTIFICATES AND MISCELLANEOUS

8. 

A Certificate signed by a Financial Officer certifying the following:
(i) all of the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and correct and (ii) no Default has occurred and is then continuing.

EXHIBIT D 

RESERVED 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

To: 

The Lenders parties to the 

Credit Agreement Described Below 

This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025
(as amended, restated, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the Agreement) among NetApp, Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the
Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Compliance Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 

THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 

1. 

I am the duly elected of the Borrower; 

2. 

I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a
detailed review of the transactions and conditions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements [for quarterly financial statements add: and such financial statements present
fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except as set forth below), subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes]; 

3. 

Except as set forth below, the examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose, and I have no knowledge
of (i) the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Compliance Certificate or (ii) any change in
GAAP or in the application thereof that has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 of the Agreement; and 

4. 

Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the Borrowers
compliance with Section 6.05 of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct. 

Described below are the exceptions, if any, to paragraph 3 by listing, in detail, (i) the nature of the condition or event, the period
during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event or (ii) the change in GAAP or the application thereof and the effect of such change on the
attached financial statements: 

The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I hereto and
the financial statements delivered with this Compliance Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this day of , . 

NETAPP, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE I 

Compliance as of , with 

Provisions of and of 

the Agreement 

EXHIBIT F 

FORM OF INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT 

INCREASING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated , 20 (this Supplement), by and among
each of the signatories hereto, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NetApp,
Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower has the right, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to effectuate from time to time an increase in the Aggregate Commitment and/or one or more tranches
of Incremental Term Loans under the Credit Agreement by requesting one or more Lenders to increase the amount of its Commitment and/or to participate in such a tranche; 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has given notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to [increase the Aggregate Commitment] [and] [enter into a
tranche of Incremental Term Loans] pursuant to such Section 2.20; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to
Section 2.20 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned Increasing Lender now desires to [increase the amount of its Commitment] [and] [participate in a tranche of Incremental Term Loans] under the Credit Agreement by
executing and delivering to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent this Supplement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto hereby
agrees as follows: 

1. The undersigned Increasing Lender agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, that on the
date of this Supplement it shall [have its Commitment increased by $[ ], thereby making the aggregate amount of its total Commitments equal to $[ ]] [and] [participate in a tranche
of Incremental Term Loans with a commitment amount equal to $[ ] with respect thereto]. 

2. The Borrower
hereby represents and warrants that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 

3. Terms
defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein. 

4. This Supplement shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

5. This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and
delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. 

[INSERT NAME OF INCREASING LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above:

NETAPP, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged as of the date first written above:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT G 

FORM OF AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT 

AUGMENTING LENDER SUPPLEMENT, dated , 20 (this Supplement), to the Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2025 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NetApp, Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders
party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent). 

W I
T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in Section 2.20 thereof that any bank, financial institution or other entity
may [extend Commitments] [and] [participate in tranches of Incremental Term Loans] under the Credit Agreement subject to the approval of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, by executing and delivering to the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement; and 

WHEREAS, the undersigned Augmenting Lender
was not an original party to the Credit Agreement but now desires to become a party thereto; 

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the parties hereto
hereby agrees as follows: 

1. The undersigned Augmenting Lender agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and agrees
that it shall, on the date of this Supplement, become a Lender for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a [Commitment with respect to Revolving Loans of $[ ]] [and]
[a commitment with respect to Incremental Term Loans of $[ ]]. 

2. The undersigned Augmenting Lender
(a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this Supplement; (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to
Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and has reviewed such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Supplement; (c) agrees that it
will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action
under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion
under the Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; and (e) agrees that it
will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

3. The undersigneds address for notices for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows: 

[ ] 

4. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that no Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing on and as of the date hereof. 

5. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when
used herein. 

6. This Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

7. This Supplement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document. 

[remainder of
this page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and
delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. 

[INSERT NAME OF AUGMENTING LENDER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first written above: 

NETAPP, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Acknowledged as of the date first written above: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.

as
Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT H-1

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NetApp, Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity,
the Administrative Agent). 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigneds conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its
non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By
executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at
all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: , 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT H-2

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NetApp, Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity,
the Administrative Agent). 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the
Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigneds conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person
status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that
(1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently
effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: , 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT H-3

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NetApp, Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity,
the Administrative Agent). 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation,
(iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its direct or
indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigneds or
its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS
Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or
IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form
W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the
portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have
at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: , 20[ ] 

EXHIBIT H-4

[FORM OF] 

U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE
CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 5, 2025 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement), among NetApp, Inc. (the Borrower), the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity,
the Administrative Agent). 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned
hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the
sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Promissory note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its
direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or
indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigneds or its partners/members conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the
undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Date: , 20[ ]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ntap-20250305.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ntap-20250305_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ntap-20250305_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g830679g0305084552989.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001002047

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 05, 2025

Entity Registrant Name NetApp, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 0-27130

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0307520

Entity Address, Address Line One 3060 Olsen Drive

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95128

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 822-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value

Trading Symbol NTAP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.netapp.com//20250305/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d830679d8k.htm 
ntap-20250305.xsd 
ntap-20250305_lab.xml 
ntap-20250305_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-047187-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d830679d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001002047 

2025-03-05 
2025-03-05 

false 
0001002047 
8-K 
2025-03-05 
NetApp, Inc. 
DE 
0-27130 
77-0307520 
3060 Olsen Drive 
San Jose 
CA 
95128 
(408) 
822-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value 
NTAP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>