<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-008629.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-008629.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228091520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-008629
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			N2OFF, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001789192
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				264684680
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40403
		FILM NUMBER:		25683197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		156 FIFTH AVENUE 10TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		CO EARTHBOUND LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010-7751
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972544561349

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		156 FIFTH AVENUE 10TH FLOOR
		STREET 2:		CO EARTHBOUND LLC
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010-7751

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Save Foods, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230410

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Save Foods Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190924
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000178919200017891922025-02-242025-02-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported):February 24, 2025

N2OFF,
Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 001-40403 26-4684680

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

HaPardes
134 (Meshek Sander)

Neve
Yarak, Israel 4994500

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

(347)468- 9583

(Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share NITO The
Nasdaq Capital Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

-2-

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Agreement

On
February 24, 2025, N2OFF, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), executed a notarial preliminary land agreement,
which represented the Initial Closing Date, as such term is defined in the Shareholders Agreement (the Agreement) with
Solterra Brand Services Italy SRL (SB) and SB Impact 4 LTD, a wholly owned subsidiary of SB (SBI4). Upon
the Final Closing Date (as defined in the Agreement), the parties will enter into an agreement, under which the Company
will purchase 70% of SBI4 shares (on a fully diluted basis) from SB.

Governance
of SBI4. The Agreement provides that SBI4s board of directors (the Board) will be compromised of up to three
directors. The Company will be entitled to appoint two directors for so long as SB holds at least 20.01% of SBI4, and the Company will
be entitled to appoint all three directors at such time that SBs ownership falls below 20% of SBI4. Certain material business
and corporate actions by SBI4 will be subject to approval by 75% of the outstanding shares of SBI4. Furthermore, the Agreement includes
certain shareholder rights in favor of each of the initial shareholders of SBI4, including rights of first refusal and tag along rights.

Financing.
The Company will lend Euro 2,300,000 to SB14 for financing two battery storage projects in Sicily, Italy (the Projects),
which loan will accrue interest at 7% per annum. Additionally, the Agreement provides for a right of repurchase of shares of SBI4 by
SB against the Company in the event the Company does not furnish drawdown amounts in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. The
Board may seek financing from shareholders if the Company lacks resources and cannot secure reasonable external financing. Shareholders
have 20 business days to accept their share.
If a Shareholder declines, others can subscribe to the available portion, convertible into equity. If not fully subscribed, SBI4
has 90 days to secure the remainder from third
parties on similar terms. If unsuccessful, SBI4must
first re-approach Shareholders before seeking third-party financing.

Economic
Rights. After the repayment of any outstanding shareholder loans, the net profit from sales of Projects will be split between
the parties as follows: if the selling price per megawatt (MW) (i) does not exceed Euro 30,000, each party will receive
profits according to its pro-rata share ownership of SBI4; (ii) exceeds Euro 30,000 up to Euro 60,000, per MW, SB will receive 40% of
the profit (10% above its pro-rata share) and the Company will receive 60% of the profit; and (iii) exceeds Euro 60,000 per MW, SB will
receive 50% of the net profit (20% above its pro-rata share) and the Company will receive 50% of the net profit.

Restrictions
on Transferring. Excluding permitted transferees (as defined in the Agreement), shareholders may not encumber or pledge shares of
SBI4 without the prior written consent from all other shareholders. Shareholders cannot transfer their shares to third parties, except
as per the Agreements terms and SBI4s articles of association, and any shares transferred in contravention of the foregoing
terms will be deemed void. Likewise, shareholders cannot transfer shares of SBI4 or rights under the Agreement unless the transferee
accepts the obligations and assumes a pro-rata portion of the financing section in the Agreement.

Term.
A party will cease to be a party to the Agreement in the event that it holds less than 10% of SBI4s shares.

A
copy of the Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated by reference herein. The foregoing
summary is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibit.

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Shareholders Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, among the Company, Solterra Brand Services Italy SRL and SB Impact 4 Ltd.

10.2 Initial Closing Date Acknowledgement and Confirmation Addendum, among the Company, Solterra Brand Services Italy SRL, dated February 24, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline
XBRL Document)

-3-

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

N2OFF,
Inc.

Date:
February 27, 2025 By: /s/
David Palach

Name: David
Palach

Title: Chief
Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

SHAREHOLDERS
AGREEMENT

Made
and Entered into on February 10, 2025

THIS
SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT (Agreement) is entered into on February 10, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and among Solterra Brand Services Italy SRL, a company organized under the laws of Italy (SB), having its registered
address at Via Angelo Secchi 8, 00197 Rome (RM), Italy; N2OFF Inc., a company organized under the laws of the State of Nevada,
or a wholly-owned company to be formed by N2OFF, Inc. following the date hereof, at its discretion (N2OFF), having
its registered address at HaPardes 134 (Meshek Sander), Neve Yarak, Israel (each of SB and N2OFF a Party
and collectively, the Parties); and SB Impact 4 LTD, a company organized under the laws of Italy, having
its registered address in Rome (Company).

WHEREAS the
Company was duly incorporated under Italian law on February 2, 2024; and

WHEREAS following
the Companys incorporation, SB was the sole shareholder of the Company; and

WHEREAS within
the Final Closing Date (as defined herebelow) the Parties shall enter into a certain agreement,
under which N2OFF will purchase 70% of Companys shares (on a fully diluted basis)
from SB; and

WHEREAS the
Parties wish to enter into this Agreement, which shall govern their respective rights and
obligations as the shareholders of the Company, as well as the management and operations
of its business.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises set forth herein, the Parties hereby represent, covenant, and agree
as follows:

1. General

1.1. The
preamble to this Agreement constitutes an integral part thereof.

1.2. Headings
in this Agreement are intended for convenience purposes and shall not be used in the interpretation
thereof. They shall in no way alter, modify, amend, limit, or restrict any contractual obligations
of the Parties.

1.3. As
used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate
means any person (including a legal entity), directly or indirectly, Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with such person.

Articles
of Association the Companys Articles of Association, as shall be amended from time to time.

Board
as such term is defined in Section 3.1.

Business
Day(s) means a day other than a Sunday, Friday and Saturday on which commercial banks are open for business in Tel Aviv, Israel
and Rome, Italy.

Companys
Field of Business development, construction, consultancy, management and maintenance of renewable energy projects in Italy
and abroad;

Companies
Law shall mean the Israeli Companies Law 5759-1999;

1

Control
shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of
such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise.

Distributable
Profits shall mean distributable profits pursuant to the applicable law.

Final
Closing Date the day which the Party shall perform in Rome (Italy), in the same context and in front of an Italian Notary
Public, the activities aimed at (i) transferring from SB to N2OFF a stake of the Company representing 70% of Companys corporate
capital (on a fully diluted basis); (ii) amending the Companys by-laws in order to implement, to the extent admitted by the applicable
law, the relevant provision of this Agreement, and (iii) entering into any further deed required or requested for the purpose of this
Agreement.

Fully
Diluted Basis after taking into account all issued and outstanding shares of such legal entity of any class (calculated on
an as-converted basis), and after giving effect to the conversion or exercise (as the case may be) of all equity securities (including
options and warrants, for the avoidance of doubt), including any and all undertakings or promises (whether written or oral) to receive
the same, into the shares of such legal entity.

Initial
Closing Date the date agreed by the Parties which shall take place after the signing of the notarial preliminary land agreement
by the Company, such agreement securing the land for the Projects.

Permitted
Transferee means an Affiliate;

Profits
means as this term defined in the Companies Law;

Shareholder(s)
shall mean any shareholder of the Company.

Shares
shall mean, collectively, the ordinary shares of the Company, and all of the other shares representing the capital of the Company (as
may be from time to time), as well as any option, subscription, preemption, or purchase right to subscribe for or otherwise acquire shares
or other equity interests in the Company;

Transfer
or a Sale shall mean: (i) with respect to all Shareholders any transfer or sale of the Shares, including
a lien or pledge (except for liens or pledges made solely for securing financing of the Companys business), assignment, the grant
of a call option, the benefit from dividends due to the Shares, or any other way to transfer the economic or legal benefits of holding
Company Shares.

2. The
Parties Undertakings, Representations and Warranties

Each
Party hereby represents and warrants to the other Parties and acknowledges that the other Parties are entering into this Agreement in
reliance on its representations and warranties:

2.1. It
is duly organized validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.

2.2. It
has all requisite power and authority (corporate and other), in accordance with its incorporation
documents and by law, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
hereunder.

2

2.3. All
corporate action on its part necessary, pursuant to its incorporation documents or law, for
the authorization, execution and delivery of, and performance of its obligations under this
Agreement has been taken.

2.4. This
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding legal obligation of the Party in accordance with
the terms hereof, in each case, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally. The
signatories on its behalf are authorized to bind it by this Agreement for all intents and
purposes.

2.5. It
has no legal or contractual impediments or conflicts by entering into this Agreement and
performing its obligations hereunder.

2.6. Each
Party hereby covenants to the Company and to the other Party that it and the directors appointed
by it (if appointed) shall refrain from any conflict of interest. In the event that a conflict
of interest has arisen or may arise with respect to any Party or its directors, any such
conflicted Party shall immediately notify the other Party in writing, detailing the conflict
that has arisen or may arise.

3. Board
of Directors

3.1. The
Companys board of directors (the Board) shall be comprised of
not less than 1 director and up to 3 directors.

3.2. As
long as SB holds at least 20.01% of the Companys allocated shares, it shall be entitled
to appoint 1 director to the Board, and N2OFF shall be entitled to appoint 2 directors to
the Board; and at such time that SBs holdings fall below 20%, N2OFF shall be entitled
to appoint all directors of the Board. Appointment, dismissal and replacement of directors
shall be made by furnishing a written notice to the Company, signed by the Shareholder entitled
to affect such appointment, replacement or removal, and shall become effective on the date
fixed in the notice or upon delivery of the notice to the Company, whichever is later. A
director shall automatically be removed from office on the date on which the Shareholder
that appointed such director shall cease to have the right to make such appointment.

3.3. Each
director shall have the same voting power as any director.

3.4. The
chairman of the Board shall be a then incumbent director and shall be appointed by a majority
of the Board members from time to time and shall not have additional vote in the Board meetings.

3.5. The
Board may appoint or terminate the employment of the Companys administrator at its
discretion. The Companys administrator shall be responsible for the day-to-day management
of the Company pursuant to the policies and operational objectives as set out by the Board.

3.6. Notice
of a meeting of the Board shall be given in writing at least five (5) Business Days prior
to the meeting; however, a meeting will be considered validly held also without such prior
notice to the extent that all directors are present at the meeting and affirmatively waive
notice of the foregoing notice requirement. The notice will state the date and time of the
meeting and a reasonable description of the items on the agenda (including proper documentation).

3

3.7. The
required quorum for a Board meeting shall form in the presence of at least one (1) Board
member appointed by each Shareholder entitled to appoint a director. If no quorum is present
at a Board meeting within thirty (30) minutes of the scheduled meeting, the meeting shall
be adjourned by five (5) Business Days at the same place and time (for the purpose of this
Section, the Adjourned Meeting). A quorum for opening an Adjourned Meeting
shall form in the presence of a number of directors, then in office. The Adjourned Meeting
may only discuss the agenda items listed in the notice sent with respect to the original
Board meeting.

3.8. The
Board may convene via telephone, video conference, or any other medium, so long as each participant
can hear, and be heard by each other participant, and Board members votes may be submitted
via any medium which enables identifying the Board members and their signature on the resolution.
Unless agreed otherwise by all directors, board meetings shall be held remotely via video
conference.

3.9. Any
decisions of the Board may also be passed by means of written resolution or written consent,
all to the extent signed by all directors of the Company then in office.

4. General
Meeting

4.1. If
required by applicable law, The Companys Shareholders (the General Meeting)
shall convene at least once a year and at the latest within 120 days following the end of
the Companys previous financial year. In addition, any Shareholder or group of Shareholders
holding at least 10% of the Companys shares can request to convene a General Meeting.

4.2. In
the General Meeting, each Shareholder shall have a number of votes equal to the number of
Shares held by it, with each Share representing one vote.

4.3. Subject
to Section 5 (Reserved Matters), Shareholders resolutions in the General Meeting
shall be adopted by a simple majority vote (50% or more) of the votes of all Shareholders
present (in person or via proxy) and voting.

4.4. The
General Meetings shall be held remotely by means of video conference or to the extent agreed
by all Shareholders at the Companys offices or elsewhere. Notice of a General Meeting
shall be given in writing at least ten (10) Business Days before the meeting date; however,
a General Meeting will be considered validly held also without such prior notice to the extent
that all Shareholders are present at the meeting. The notice will state the date and time
of the General Meeting and a reasonable description of the items on the agenda (including
proper documentation).

4.5. The
General Meeting may hold a meeting using any means of communication (including telephone,
video conference, or any other medium), as long as the participants can hear and be heard
by each other participant simultaneously. Resolutions may be made in writing as well, without
convening in practice, provided that the resolution is unanimously adopted and signed by
all Shareholders.

4.6. No
matter will be discussed at any General Meeting unless a quorum is present at the beginning
of the meeting. The quorum for a General Meeting shall form by the presence of the Shareholders
holding in the aggregate 70% or more of the Companys issued Shares, in person or by
proxy (Quorum). If no such Quorum is present within thirty (30) minutes
of the scheduled meeting time, the meeting shall be adjourned by five (5) Business Days,
at the same place and time (for the purpose of this Section, the Adjourned Meeting).
The quorum for opening the Adjourned Meeting shall form by the presence of any number of
Shareholders, in person or by proxy. The Adjourned Meeting may only discuss the agenda items
listed in the prior written notice sent with respect to the original meeting.

4

5. Reserved
Matters

5.1. The
following matters shall be resolved, as the case may be and as required by law, by the Companys
Board or General Meeting, by a majority of 75% of the votes of the Shareholders, present
and voting:

5.1.1. Annual
budget approval

5.1.2. Entering
into an Interested Party Transaction, as such term is defined in the Companies Law;

5.1.3. Decision
to raise additional financing from the Shareholders, in accordance with clause 7.1.1.

5.1.4. Suspension
of the Companys business activity, the Companys liquidation, receivership,
suspension of proceedings, voluntary dissolution or winding up (or any similar process in
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company), as well as any Company merger, sale of
all or substantially all of the Companys business assets, restructuring, (including
any settlement or compromise), and any action resulting in a similar outcome, other than
as part of internal restructuring that does not derogate from the Parties rights herein
and in such case a simple majority vote (more than 50%) will be sufficient;

5.1.5. Amending
or waiving any provision of Companys articles of association in a manner adversely
affecting the rights, preferences or privileges of any Shareholder.

5.1.6. Any
change to the dividend policy set out in Section 8 below.

5.1.7. Changing
the Companys Field of Business.

5.1.8. Making
a public offering of Company securities or listing them on a stock exchange.

5.1.9. Placing
a lien or creating a pledge on the Companys assets (or any part of the assets) or
its shares.

5.1.10. Entering
into transactions not in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount which annual
value exceeds Euro 2,000,000.

5.1.11. Establishment
of a subsidiary which is not wholly-owned by the Company outside of the ordinary course of
business.

5.1.12. Any
changes, modifications, or resolutions relating to the Companys signature rights,
including the authority to represent or bind the Company.

5.1.13. Any
engagement in any loan or financing agreement, other than in the ordinary course of business.

ordinary
course of business shall mean, inter alia, any activity in the Field of Business.

5

6. Financing

6.1. Initial
Funding

6.1.1. It
is hereby agreed by the Parties that N2OFF will lend to the Company an amount of Euro 2,300,000,
for financing 2 battery storage projects in Sicily, in an aggregate capacity of 196 MWp (the
Projects). The uses of such funds are detailed in Annex A. Such amounts will
accrue an annual interest of 7%. It being understood that N2OFF shall lend, in whole or in
part, the above amount in favour of SB, instead of the Company, should at the date of the
drawdown of the relevant amount the Company will not hold an Italian bank account. In such
case the Parties shall carry out any further activity to cause that within the Final Closing
Date the entire funds provided by N2OFF according to such provision shall be treated as a
shareholders loan of N2OFF vs-a-vs the Company.

6.1.2. In
the event that the Company has requested a drawdown and N2OFF has not supplied such amount
within 30 days, SB will have the right to buy back shares from N2OFF at a price reflecting
a corporate value of Euro 10,000. The amount of shares the SB will be eligible to buy is
equivalent to the amounts not supplied by N2OFF, divided by Euro 2,300,000, and multiplied
by 70%.

For
example if N2OFF will only make available Euro 1,150,000, SB will have the right to buy back 35% of the Shares, for an amount
of Euro 3,500.

This
clause is not applicable if the reason for not making the funding available is because it is not needed and the total funding needs are
less than Euro 2,300,000.

7. 

7.1. Additional
Funding

7.1.1. If
the Board resolves that the Company does not have sufficient resources for its operations
and that the required financing cannot be obtained from banks and other financial institutions
on reasonable market terms or without recourse to the Shareholders, the Board may resolve
to raise such financing from the Shareholders as shareholders loans (Financing).

7.1.2. The
Board shall give the Shareholders written notice with respect to any Financing (the Preemption
Notice) describing the terms applying to the shareholder loans, including interest
rate and terms of repayment, as well as any other general terms. Each of the Shareholders
shall have twenty (20) Business Days after receipt of the Preemption Notice to agree to subscribe
for all (but not less than all) of its respective pro-rata share of the Financing, on the
terms specified in the Preemption Notice, by giving written notice to the Company (the Acceptance
Period and Acceptance Notice, respectively). An Acceptance
Notice shall be irrevocable.

7.1.3. In
the event that a Shareholder does not provide an Acceptance Notice within the Acceptance
Period (a Non-Accepting Shareholder), the following terms shall apply:

7.1.3.1. The
Shareholder that had issued an Acceptance Notice within the Acceptance Period (the Accepting
Shareholder(s)) shall have a right to subscribe for the Non-Accepting Shareholders
portion of the Financing (the Available Financing), in whole or in part.
The Company shall, within two (2) Business Days from the end of the Acceptance Period, notify
the Accepting Shareholder of its right to subscribe to the Available Financing.

6

7.1.3.2. The
Accepting Shareholder shall have five (5) Business Days after such notice was received to
subscribe to all or any part of the Available Financing. The Available Financing advanced
by the Accepting Shareholder shall be referred to as the Excess Financing.

7.1.3.3. The
Excess Financing will be advanced to the Company as a convertible shareholders loan (Excess
Loan), bearing interest at an annual rate of 15% above the interest rate applicable
to the respective shareholder loan as determined in the Preemption Notice. The Accepting
Shareholder that has provided an Excess Loan shall be entitled to demand, at any time following
the repayment date of the Excess Loan, by the issuance of a written notice to the Company,
the conversion of the unpaid balance of the Excess Loan (principal and accrued interest)
or any part thereof into Shares of the Company (the Conversion Notice).
In such an event, the Company shall issue and allot to the Accepting Shareholder which has
provided the Conversion Notice such number of Shares reflecting the amount it has elected
to convert, in accordance with an independent external 3rd party valuation of
the Company, such party to be agreed by the Parties (which determination will be binding
on the Company and its Shareholders), within forty five (45) Business Days following receipt
of the Conversion Notice.

7.1.4. In
the event the Shareholders fail to exercise the Pre-Emptive Right with respect to the full
amount of Financing, the Company shall have ninety (90) days following expiration of the
Notice Period to obtain the portion of the Financing not provided by the Shareholders, upon
terms no more favorable to the third Party that will provide the required Financing than
the terms specified in the Preemption Notice. In the event the Company has not obtained the
Financing within the above ninety (90) days period, the Company shall not thereafter raise
any Financing from third parties, without first seeking such Financing again from the Shareholders
in the manner provided in this Section 7.1.

7.2. Repayment
of Financing

All
free cash flow from the operations of the Company, after setting aside reserves for meeting the Companys working capital requirements,
including meeting the Companys payment obligations under any financing agreement, and all subject to the Business Plan and Budget,
in such amounts as the Board, in its reasonable discretion, deems necessary for proper operations of the Company and the business as
anticipated to be required pursuant to the Business Plan and Budget in force at such time, shall be applied for repayment of Financing
to Shareholders, all in the following priority:

7.2.1. First,
to repay any Excess Financing which has not been converted, (including principal and interest),
plus VAT at its applicable rate, pro-rata to the outstanding balance of the Excess Loan provided
by each Shareholder (principal and interest) to the total outstanding balance of the Excess
Financing (principal and interest) as at each repayment date, until repayment of the outstanding
balance of all Excess Financing in full. To the extent the free cash flow is not sufficient
to cover the principal and interest, the repayment will first be made to repay any interest.

7

7.2.2. Second,
to repay all shareholder loans that were not advanced as part of the Excess Financing (including
principal and interest), plus VAT at its applicable rate, pro-rata to the outstanding balance
of such shareholder loans provided by each Shareholder (principal and interest) to the total
outstanding balance of all such shareholder loans (principal and interest) as at each repayment
date, until repayment of the outstanding balance of all such shareholder loans in full. To
the extent the free cash flow is not sufficient to cover the principal, interest and linkage
differentials, the repayment will first be made to repay any interest and linkage differentials.

8. Project
Sale

It
is agreed by the parties that in the event of selling the Projects (whether by an asset deal or a share deal), the net profit (after
full repayment of all loans and all due payments) will be split between the Parties as follows:

8.1. If
the selling price per MW is up to Euro 30,000 each side will receive its pro-rata
share (70%-30%)

8.2. If
the selling price per MW is above Euro 30,000 and up to Euro 60,000 for the amount
above Euro 30,000 per MW, SB will receive 40% of the profit (10% above its pro-rata share)

8.3. If
the selling price per MW is above Euro 60,000 clause 7.2 will apply for the amount
between 30,000 and 60,000 per MW, and for the amount above Euro 60,000 per MW, SB will receive
50% of the profit (20% above its pro-rata share)

8.4. Example
calculation if the Projects are sold at a price of Euro 45,000 per MW, and the shareholders
loans balance is Euro, 2,500,000 (reflecting around Euro 12,755 per Mw) and the company has
an additional payment due of Euro 500,000. The total income would be Euro 8,820,000. The
company would first repay the shareholders loans and due payments. The residual amount
would be split as follows:

8.4.1. Euro
15,000 per MW (the difference between 45,000 and 30,000) would be split Euro 9,000 per MW
to N2OFF and Euro 6,000 per MW to SB.

8.4.2. The
difference between Euro 30,000 per MWand the loan balance and due payments (Euro 14,694 per
MW) would be split Euro 10,286 per MW to N2OFF and Euro 4,408 per MW to SB

8

8.4.3. N2OFF
will receive from the total income an amount of (1) Euro 2,500,000 as loan repayment, (2)
Euro 2,016,000 on account of the first step as described in clause 8.1 above, and (3) Euro
1,764,000 on account of the second step described in clause 8.2 above. Total of Euro 6,280,000

8.4.4. SB
will receive Euro 8,820,000 minus Euro 500,000 due costs minus 6,280,000 paid to N2OFF, equaling
a total amount of Euro 2,040,000.

9. Financial
Reporting and Control

9.1. The
Companys General Meeting shall appoint the Companys independent auditor. The
independent auditor shall be appointed at each annual meeting (unless circumstances call
for appointing them at an extraordinary meeting), considering the reporting requirements
that apply to the Shareholders.

9.2. The
Company will prepare the reports set forth below and deliver them to its Shareholders on
the dates as follows unless otherwise requested by the Parties:

9.2.1. Audited
annual financial statements, including the Companys balance sheet, profit and loss
statement, and cash flow statement for the relevant period in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and US GAAP, authorized by the Board, no later than
75 days from the end of each calendar year, as well as an advanced draft of the annual financial
statements, no more than 60 days of the end of each calendar year.

9.2.2. From
the first calendar quarter following the Effective Date quarterly financial statements,
including the Companys balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and cash flow statement
for the relevant period in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS), and US GAAP, authorized by the Board, no later than 45 days from the end of each
calendar years first, second, and third quarter.

9.2.3. The
Companys tax statements, no later than 120 days from the end of each calendar year.

9.2.4. At
a Shareholders request, any other non-confidential document in the Companys
possession and that a Party might reasonably need.

9.3. The
Companys documents shall be available to each of the Parties, as long as such Party
holds at least 10% of the Companys Shares, for review at any reasonable time and subject
to giving the Company prior written notice of its wish to review the Companys documents.

9.4. Whenever
the Company withholds taxes at the source, the deduction will be made under any law, including
any relevant treaty, and the paid Party will be given written confirmation of the deduction
after the deduction is made.

9

10. Restrictions
on Transferring Company Shares

10.1. General

10.1.1. No
Shareholder may encumber and/or pledge Shares, unless provided with the prior written consent
of all other Shareholders.

10.1.2. No
Shareholder may Transfer their Shares in the Company to a third party (including a Party
hereto), except subject to the provisions of this Agreement and the Articles of Association.
Any Transfer that is not made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the
Articles of Association shall be null and void.

10.1.3. No
Shareholder may Transfer its Shares in the Company and/or its (transferable) rights and/or
any of them to another (including a Permitted Transferee), unless (a) the transferee accepts
in writing the transferring Shareholders obligations hereunder and becomes a party
to this Agreement; and (b) a pro-rata portion of the Financing provided with respect to the
transferred Shares by the transferring Shareholder is also assigned to and assumed by the
transferee. Furthermore, no Shareholder may Transfer its Shares in the Company and/or its
(transferable) rights and/or any of them to a third party if such third-party is convicted
or indicted in an offence of money-laundering, organized crime or terrorism.

10.1.4. If
Shares are held by a Shareholder which main asset is the holding of such Shares, then Transfer
(for the purposes of this Section 10) shall mean also any sale, lease, assignment, lien,
gift, conveyance, or any other disposition or transfer of shares of such Shareholder, and
such Transfer will be subject to the restrictions set out herein mutatis mutandis.

10.1.5. Transfer
of all Shares of a Shareholder to its Permitted Transferee shall entitle such Permitted Transferee
to the same rights specifically granted under this Agreement to the Transferring Shareholder.

10.2. Right
of First Offer

10.2.1. Subject
to the Section above, whenever any Party (for the purposes of this Section 9.2, the Offeror)
wish to Transfer their Shares and/or any part of them (for the purposes of this Section 9.2,
the Offered Shares) to a third party that is not its Permitted Transferee,
it shall be obligated to first offer its Shares to the other Party (for the purposes of this
Section 10.3, the Offeree), in accordance with the provisions of this
Section 10.3, provided however that the Offeree holds at least 15% of the Companys
outstanding Shares.

10.2.2. The
Offeror will make a written notice to the Offeree, stating the specific details of the Offerors
offer with respect to the sale of the Offered Shares, including the number of Shares offered
for sale, the consideration the Offeror wishes to receive, the payment terms, and any other
material term (for the purposes of this Section 9.2, the Offer). The
Offeree may accept the Offer for all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares, by making
an unconditional written notice to the Offeror and the Company of its wish to do so, within
no more than fifteen (15) Business Days as of the receipt of the Offer (for the purposes
of this Section 10.3, the Acceptance Notice and Acceptance
Period, respectively). The Acceptance Notice shall be binding on the Offeree and
the Offeror will be obligated to sell the Offeree all Offered Shares in accordance and subject
to the provisions of Section 9.2.3 below.

10

10.2.3. In
the event that, within the Acceptance Period, an Acceptance Notice was given such that the
Offeree agreed to purchase all of the Offered Shares (a) the Offeror shall sell the Offered
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer, free and clear of any encumbrance and/or
third party rights, within the later of five (5) Business Days of the end of the period specified
for the delivery of Acceptance Notices or, if applicable, five (5) Business Days following
the date on which all regulatory and third party approvals required for consummation of the
transaction (if any) are obtained, against payment of the amount set forth in the Acceptance
Notice; and (b) the tag-along rights under Section 10.4 will not apply.

10.2.4. If
the Offerees refuse to purchase all Offered Shares, or if no Acceptance Notice/s is/are made
to purchase all Offered Shares at the terms of the Offer, or if no response to the Offer
is made within the Acceptance Period, the Offeror may sell the Offered Shares to any third
party within ninety (90) days following the expiry of the Acceptance Period, provided that
(a) the Offered Shares (in their entirety) are sold to a third party that is not a Permitted
Transferee in accordance with an offer (for the purposes of this Section 9.2.4, the Third-Party
Offer) that is at the same price, payment terms, and other conditions set out
in the in the Offer, and at such other terms not less favorable to the Offeror than the terms
set out in the Offer (b) a tag-along right in accordance with Section 9.3 below with
respect to the Third-Party Offer has been granted (to the extent applicable). Insofar as
the sale transaction is not executed within the said 90 days period, the Offeror will not
Transfer any of the Offered Shares or any other Shares without again complying with the provisions
of this Section 9.2.

10.3. Tag-Along
Right

10.3.1. Without
prejudice to the rights of first offer above, if the Offered Shares are not sold to the Offerees
in accordance with Section 9.2 above (as applicable) and the Offered Shares represent at
least 30% of the issued Shares of the Company, the other Shareholder may tag along to the
sale of the Offered Shares up to such Shareholders pro rata portion of the Offered
Shares in accordance with the terms of the applicable Third-Party Offer (the Right
to Participate). A pro-rata portion, for the purposes of this Section
9.3.1, is the ratio of the number of issued Shares owned by such Shareholder immediately
prior to the Transfer to the total number of issued Shares owned by all Shareholders immediately
prior to the Transfer.

10.3.2. The
Right to Participate shall be exercised by a Shareholder by issuance of a written notice
(Exercise Notice) to the Offeror, no later than five (5) Business Days
from the date of the Offeror has provided the Shareholders with the Third-Party Offer (to
be delivered to the Shareholders in full and with all agreements and ancillary documents
with respect thereof no later than five Business Days from its delivery to the Offeror) (the
Participation Exercise Period). A Shareholder that has not issued an
Exercise Notice within the Participation Exercise Period, shall be deemed to have waived
the Right to Participate granted to it hereunder with respect to the sale of the Offered
Shares.

11

10.3.3. If
a Shareholder makes an Exercise Notice, the number of Shares detailed in its Exercise Notice
will be transferred to the third-party purchaser who made the Third-Party Offer, according
to and at the same terms of the Third-Party Offer (together with the Offered Shares). To
the extent that the intended third-party purchaser is not willing to purchase the combined
number of Shares being offered by the Offeror and the Shareholders that delivered an Exercise
Notice, the Offeror may (at its sole election) (a) consummate the transaction with the third-party
purchaser and in such case the Offeror and the relevant Shareholders who issued a Participation
Notice shall respectively reduce the number of Shares being Transferred to the third-party
(pro-rata between them, such that the respective participation of each such Shareholder in
the sale shall equal the ratio of the number of issued Shares owned by such Shareholder immediately
prior to the sale to the total number of issued Shares owned by all Shareholders participating
in the sale); or (b) not to sell any of the Offered Shares to the third-party purchaser and
in such case the Offeror shall not Transfer the Offered Shares, or any other Shares, without
again complying with the provisions of Section 9.2 and this Section 9.3.

10.3.4. If
no Exercise Notice is made during the Participation Exercise Period, the Offeror may sell
all (but not less than all) of the Offered Shares to the third-party purchaser , at the terms
set of the Third-Party Offer within ninety (90) days following the expiry of the Participation
Exercise Period. To the extent no Transfer within such ninety (90) day period has been made
to the third-party, the Offeror shall not Transfer the Offered Shares, or any other Shares,
without again complying with the provisions of Section 9.2 and this Section 10.4.

10.4. Transfer
to a Permitted Transferee

The
provisions of Section 9.2 and 9.3 above shall not apply to the Transfer of Shares from a Shareholder to a Permitted Transferee.

11. Term

11.1. This
Agreement shall automatically come into effect and become binding on the Parties as of the
date hereof, without any need for any further action by any of the Parties hereto. The term
of this Agreement shall continue until terminated in accordance with Section 11.2 below.

11.2. A
Party shall cease to be a party to this Agreement upon in the event that he holds less than
10% of the Companys Shares. Without limiting the foregoing, the transferee will be
required, as a condition to the validity and consummation of the Transfer, to execute and
deliver to the Company a joinder to this Agreement, whereby such transferee shall agree to
assume and be bound by all of the obligations and provisions of this Agreement relating to
the Shares acquired by it from the transferor that apply to the transferor hereunder (unless
stated otherwise herein).

12

12. Miscellaneous

12.1. This
Agreement and any matter related to it and/or arising out of it shall be governed exclusively
by the laws of the State of Israel. All disputes arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement, which cannot be solved amicably, shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration
of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance
with the said rules. The place of arbitration shall be Tel Aviv (Israel) and the arbitration
proceedings shall take place in the Hebrew language. The award of the arbitration will be
final and binding upon the Parties. Nothing in the term sheet or in the Agreement shall limit
the Parties right to seek injunctive relief in any applicable competent court.

12.2. The
provisions hereof shall bind the Parties, their substitutes, their successors, and their
guardians, as well as any third party who purchases Shares from any of the Parties and/or
to whom Shares are allotted. Nothing in this Agreement shall create or confer upon any person,
other than the Parties hereto and set out herein, any rights, remedies, obligations or Liability,
with the exception of the legal successors and permitted assignees.

12.3. The
Parties agree to take all necessary steps and actions to amend the Articles of Association
of the Company to ensure that they are consistent with the provisions of this Agreement,
to the extent permissible by applicable law. In the event that any provision of this Agreement
cannot be incorporated into the Articles of Association due to legal restrictions, the Parties
shall act in good faith to achieve the intended effect of such provision by other lawful
means.

12.4. In
the event of any inconsistency or contradiction between the provisions of this Agreement
and the Articles of Association of the Company, the Parties and the Company agree that the
provisions of this Agreement shall prevail to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law. The Parties and the Company shall cooperate to resolve any such inconsistency by amending
the Articles of Association or otherwise taking appropriate lawful action to align them with
this Agreement.

12.5. No
party may assign its rights or duties hereunder, in whole or in part, without the other Parties
prior written approval, other than as specifically permitted herein.

12.6. Each
of the Parties to this Agreement shall bear the taxes and expenses imposed on it by law in
connection with this Agreement and the performance of its provisions, including its legal
counsels fees.

12.7. This
Agreement contains, captures, incorporates, and fully expresses and exhausts all understandings
between the Parties with respect to its subject matter only, and it supersedes and cancels
any prior agreements or arrangement between and among the Parties with respect to the specific
subject matter.

13

12.8. Any
modification, amendment or addition, waiver, extension, discount, or failure to exercise
a right under this Agreement shall be valid only if they are made in an express document
that is signed by all Parties to the Agreement. Furthermore, rights of a Party may be waived
by such Party only in writing and specifically; the conduct of any one of the Parties shall
not be deemed a waiver of any of its rights pursuant to this Agreement and/or as a waiver
or consent on its part as to any breach or failure to meet any of the terms of this Agreement
or as an amendment hereto. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing
to any Party upon any breach or default by the other under this Agreement shall impair any
such right or remedy nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default,
or any acquiescence therein or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring..

12.9. The
Parties addresses for any matter related to this Agreement shall be as stated in the
preamble to this Agreement, and any notice sent by one Party to the other at these addresses
shall be deemed to have been delivered by the recipient upon the lapse of five (5) Business
Days from the date of delivery by registered mail in Israel, or, if sent by messenger, upon
personal delivery, or if sent by facsimile or e-mail immediately upon delivery to
the recipient, according to confirmation of fax delivery or a proper confirmation of electronic
delivery if the delivery is made on a Business Day, and if not on the following Business
Day.

12.10. This
Agreement may be signed in several identical copies, each of which is signed by one or more
of the Parties hereto, as long as all Parties to the Agreement sign such a document. If one
or more of the Parties hereto send this Agreements signature page via e-mail or another
electronic delivery method to the other, this shall be considered that Partys signature
on this Agreement.

And
in witness whereof, the parties have signed:

Solterra
Brand Services Italy SRL N2OFF
Inc.

SB
Impact 4 SRL 

14

Annex
1 budgeted use of funds

The
following is the expected budget for promoting the Projects to a ready to build stage (this amount include 22% VAT):

Item Total
amount (in Euro) Remarks

Premium
to seller of projects 645,624 According
to purchase agreement with seller

STMG
downpayment 143,500 Payment
to grid operator

Development
fee 1,315,160 Based
on DSA between SB Impact4 and SB

Land
downpayments 20,000 To
landowner

Other
expenses 175,716 Includes
finders fee, transaction costs, and other G&A of SB Impact4

Total 2,300,000 

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

Initial
Closing Date Acknowledgement and Confirmation Addendum

Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them under the SHA (as defined below)

This
Initial Closing Date Acknowledgement and Confirmation Addendum is made and entered into on February 24, 2025, by and between Solterra
Brand Services Italy SRL (SB) and N2OFF, Inc. (N2OFF), pursuant to that certain Shareholders
Agreement (SHA) dated February 10, 2025, by and among N2OFF, SB and SB Impact 4 LTD (SBI4),
(the Addendum).

WHEREAS,
the Initial Closing Date was conditioned by (1) signing of a notarial preliminary land agreement for promoting the two 98 MW BESS projects
in Sicily and (2) the establishment of a new company in Nevada by N2OFF.

THEREFORE,
as of the date hereof, the parties hereby acknowledge and confirm all conditions of the Initial Closing Date has been met.

This
Addendum is incorporated into and made a part of the SHA, and is governed by the terms and conditions set forth therein.

Solterra
Brand Services Italy SRL N2OFF, Inc.

By: By: 

Name: Name:

Title: Title:

Date:
February
24, 2025 Date:
February
24, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nito-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nito-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>nito-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-008629-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001789192 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001789192 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
N2OFF, Inc. 
NV 
001-40403 
26-4684680 
HaPardes 134 (Meshek Sander) 
Neve Yarak 
IL 
4994500 
(347) 
468- 9583 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
NITO 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40403

Entity Registrant Name N2OFF,
Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001789192

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-4684680

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One HaPardes
134 (Meshek Sander)

Entity Address, City or Town Neve
Yarak

Entity Address, Country IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 4994500

City Area Code (347)

Local Phone Number 468- 9583

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol NITO

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://n2off.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
nito-20250224.xsd 
nito-20250224_lab.xml 
nito-20250224_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>