<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-008260.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-008260.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312093113
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-008260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250311
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aspen Technology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001897982
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				873100817
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41400
		FILM NUMBER:		25730247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 CROSBY DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-221-1939

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 CROSBY DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Emersub CX, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211208
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ny20045136x4_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false06-30Aspen Technology, Inc.0001897982MA00018979822025-03-112025-03-11

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 11, 2025

ASPEN TECHNOLOGY, INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

001-41400

87-3100817

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

20 Crosby Drive

Bedford, MA 

01730

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (781) 221-6400

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

AZPN

NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

INTRODUCTORY NOTE

As previously reported in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2025, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), Aspen Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 26, 2025 (the Merger Agreement), with Emerson Electric Co., a Missouri corporation (Parent) and Emersub CXV, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (Purchaser). All capitalized terms used
herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to such terms in the Merger Agreement.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, on February 10, 2025, Purchaser
commenced a cash tender offer (the Offer) to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares), at a price of $265.00 per share (the Offer
Price), net to the seller in cash, without interest, and subject to any withholding of taxes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement.

At 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on March 11, 2025 (the Expiration Time), the Offer expired and was not further extended. Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (Equiniti),

the depository and paying agent for the Offer, advised Purchaser that, as of the Expiration Time, a total of 19,479,909 Shares (including 1,859,751 Shares tendered in the Offer that have not yet been received by the depository, as such terms
are defined in Section 251(h)(6) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL)) were validly tendered
and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer, representing approximately 72% of the Shares issued and outstanding as of the expiration of the Offer, excluding, for the purposes of calculating the total number of Shares outstanding, Shares owned
by Parent and its subsidiaries, Parents and its subsidiaries directors and officers, and the Companys directors and officers. The number of Shares tendered satisfied the Unaffiliated Tender Condition (as defined in the Merger Agreement). As the
Unaffiliated Tender Condition and each of the other conditions of the Offer were satisfied, on March 11, 2025, Purchaser accepted for payment the Shares that were validly tendered and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer prior to the
Expiration Time. Parent has transmitted payment for such Shares to Equiniti, which will disburse the Offer Price to tendering Company stockholders whose Shares have been accepted for payment in accordance with the terms of the Offer.

Following consummation of the Offer, on March 12, 2025, Parent completed its acquisition of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement
through the merger of Purchaser with and into the Company, and without a meeting of stockholders of the Company in accordance with Section 251(h) of the DGCL, with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger).

In the Merger, each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time) that was not tendered and accepted pursuant to the Offer (other than Shares held by the Company, Parent, Purchaser, or any of their respective
wholly owned subsidiaries and Shares as to which appraisal rights have been properly exercised and perfected in accordance with applicable law) was canceled and converted into the right to receive the Offer Price in cash, without interest, and subject to any withholding of taxes. At the Effective Time, each outstanding and unexercised Company stock option, whether vested or unvested, that had an
exercise price less than the Offer Price was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive (without interest) an amount in cash, subject to applicable withholding, equal to the product of (i) the excess of the Offer Price over
the applicable exercise price and (ii) the total number of Shares subject to such Company stock option as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. At the Effective Time, each Company stock option that had an exercise price equal to or greater
than the Offer Price was canceled for no consideration. At the Effective Time, each Company restricted stock unit and performance stock unit (a) that vested (and, in the case of a Company performance stock unit, was earned) at or prior to the
Effective Time or (b) that was held by a non-employee director of the Company (whether vested or unvested), was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive (without interest) an amount in cash, subject to applicable withholding
equal to the product of (i) the Offer Price and (ii) the total number of Shares subject to such Company restricted stock unit or performance stock unit as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. At the Effective Time, each other Company
restricted stock unit and performance stock unit that was outstanding and unvested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a continuing employee of the Company or an actively engaged non-employee consultant of the Company was
assumed by Parent and converted into an award of Parent restricted stock units with respect to shares of Parent. The number of shares of Parent applicable to each such Parent restricted stock unit is equal to the product of (a) the number of
Shares underlying such Company restricted stock unit or performance stock unit immediately prior to the Effective Time (in the case of Company performance stock units, based on target performance) and (b) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent. Each Parent restricted stock unit shall be subject to the same terms and conditions (including vesting schedule, other than performance-based vesting
conditions) as applied to the corresponding Company restricted stock unit or performance stock unit immediately prior to the Effective Time.

The foregoing description of the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 27, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 1.02 

Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 12, 2025, as required by the Merger Agreement, in connection with the consummation of the Merger and effective as of the Effective Time, the
Company terminated the Company 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

Additionally, following the Effective Time, the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2022, among the Company, Parent and EMR Worldwide, Inc.,
automatically terminated as a result of Parents 100% ownership of Company Securities (as defined therein).

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

The disclosures under the Introductory Note of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.01 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.

The disclosures under the Introductory Note are incorporated herein by reference.

On March 11, 2025, the Company (i) notified the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of the anticipated consummation of the Merger and (ii) requested that Nasdaq (A) halt trading of the Shares and (B) following the Effective Time, file with the SEC a Form 25 Notification
of Removal from Listing and/or Registration to delist and deregister the Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). The Company also intends to file with the SEC a Certification and Notice of Termination of Registration on Form 15 under the Exchange Act, requesting the termination of registration of the
Shares under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. As a result, the Shares will no longer be listed on Nasdaq.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The disclosures under the Introductory Note, Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.

The disclosures under the Introductory Note, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K are incorporated herein by reference.

Upon the Effective Time, the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

Item 5.02 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, as of the Effective Time, the directors of Purchaser at the Effective Time became the directors of the Surviving
Corporation. The directors of Purchaser at the Effective Time were Vincent M. Servello, James H. Thomasson and John A. Sperino. As of the Effective Time, Antonio J. Pietri, Robert M. Whelan, Jr., Patrick M. Antkowiak, Thomas F. Bogan, Karen M.
Golz, David J. Henshall, Ram R. Krishnan and Arlen R. Shenkman each ceased to be directors of the Company and members of any committee of the Companys board of directors. These departures were not a result of any disagreement between the Company
and the directors on any matter relating to the Companys operations, policies or practices.

In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, each officer of
Purchaser at the Effective Time became an officer of the Surviving Corporation effective as of the Effective Time. The officers of Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time were Vincent M. Servello as President, James H. Thomasson as Vice President and Treasurer, John A. Sperino as Vice President and Secretary and Christopher J. Cassulo as Assistant Treasurer. Effective immediately following completion of the Merger, all of the incumbent officers of the Company, as of
immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, ceased to be officers of the Company.

Biographical and other information regarding the new directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation has been previously disclosed in Schedule A of
the Offer to Purchase filed as Exhibit (a)(1)(i) to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by Parent and Purchaser with the SEC on February 10, 2025, as subsequently amended, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, was amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit A to the Merger Agreement (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Companys amended and restated bylaws, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, were amended and restated in their entirety as set forth on Exhibit B to the Merger Agreement (the Amended and Restated
Bylaws).

Copies of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated Bylaws are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to
this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number 

Description

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 26, 2025, among
Aspen Technology, Inc., Emerson Electric Co. and Emersub CXV, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 27, 2025).*

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Aspen Technology, Inc., dated March 12, 2025.**

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Aspen Technology, Inc., dated March 12, 2025.**

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant will furnish copies of any such
schedules and attachments to the SEC upon request.

** Filed herewith.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Aspen Technology, Inc.

By: /s/ Vincent M. Servello

Name: Vincent M. Servello 

Title: 

President 

Dated: March 12, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ny20045136x4_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

ASPEN TECHNOLOGY, INC.

FIRST: The name of the corporation is Aspen Technology, Inc. (the Corporation).

SECOND: The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808. 
The name of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (Delaware Law).

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000, and the par value of each such share is $0.01.

FIFTH: The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

SIXTH: Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation so provide.

SEVENTH: The Corporation expressly elects not to be governed by Section 203 of Delaware Law.

EIGHTH:

(a)Limited Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

(b)Right to Indemnification

(1)Each person (and the heirs, executors or administrators of such person) who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending
or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as
a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (each, a Covered Person), shall be
indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article EIGHTH shall also include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in
connection with any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition to the fullest extent authorized by applicable law. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article EIGHTH shall be a contract right.

(2)If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article EIGHTH is not paid in full within 30 days
after a written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation, the Covered Person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the
expense (including attorneys fees) of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or
advancement of expenses under applicable law.

(3)The Corporation may, by action of the board of directors of the Corporation, provide indemnification and advancement of expenses to such of the employees and agents of the
Corporation to such extent and to such effect as the board of directors of the Corporation shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by applicable law.

(c)Insurance. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss incurred by such person in any such capacity or arising out of such persons status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person
against such liability under Delaware Law.

(d)Priority of Corporation Obligations. The Corporation hereby acknowledges
that a Covered Person may have certain rights of indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by persons (an Other Indemnitor)
other than the Corporation or an affiliate of the Corporation. The Corporation hereby agrees (i) that it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the Covered Persons are primary and any obligation of the Other Indemnitors to
advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by such Covered Persons are secondary), (ii) that it shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by such Covered Persons and shall
be liable for the full amount of all expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, in each case to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the
Corporation (or any other agreement between the Corporation and such Covered Persons), without regard to any rights such Covered Persons may have against the Other Indemnitors, and (iii) that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the
Other Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Other Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. The Corporation further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Other Indemnitors on
behalf of such Covered Persons with respect to any claim for which such Covered Persons have sought indemnification from the Corporation shall affect the foregoing and the Other Indemnitors shall be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or
payment to all of the rights of recovery of such Covered Persons against the Corporation. The Other Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms of this clause (d).

(e)Nonexclusivity of Rights. The rights and authority conferred in this
Article EIGHTH shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may otherwise have or hereafter acquire.

(f)Preservation of Rights. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article
EIGHTH, nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law, any modification of law, shall adversely affect any right or protection of any
person granted pursuant hereto existing at, or arising out of or related to any event, act or omission that occurred prior to, the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification (regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof)
relating to such event, act or omission arises or is first threatened, commenced or completed).

NINTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend this Certificate of Incorporation in any manner permitted by Delaware Law and all rights and powers
conferred herein on stockholders, directors and officers, if any, are subject to this reserved power.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ny20045136x4_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED

BYLAWS

OF

ASPEN TECHNOLOGY, INC.

* * * * *

ARTICLE 1

OFFICES

Section 1.01. Registered Office. The

registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

Section 1.02. Other Offices. The

Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

Section 1.03. Books. The books
of the Corporation may be kept within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE 2

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.01. Time and Place of
Meetings. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors (or the Chairman in the
absence of a designation by the Board of Directors).

Section 2.02. Annual Meetings. Unless

directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an annual meeting as permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (Delaware Law), an annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. Stockholders may,
unless the certificate of incorporation otherwise provides, act by written consent to elect directors; provided, however, that if such consent is less than unanimous, such action by written consent may be in lieu of holding an annual meeting only if all of the directorships to which
directors could be elected at an annual meeting held at the effective time of such action are vacant and are filled by such action.

Section 2.03. Special Meetings. Special

meetings of stockholders may be called by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board and shall be called by the Secretary at the request in writing of holders of record of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.

Section 2.04. Notice of Meetings and
Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice. (a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting,
the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
Unless otherwise provided by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless these bylaws otherwise require, when
a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy
holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the
original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting.

(b)A written waiver of any such notice signed by the person entitled thereto, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning
of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 2.05. Quorum. Unless
otherwise provided under the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws and subject to Delaware Law, the presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person
or represented by proxy may adjourn the meeting, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented any business may be
transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

Section 2.06. Voting. (a)
Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation and subject to Delaware Law, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder. Any share of capital
stock of the Corporation held by the Corporation shall have no voting rights. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, in
all matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be
the act of the stockholders.

(b)Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to a corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person
or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, appointed by an instrument in writing, subscribed by such stockholder or by his attorney thereunto authorized, or by proxy sent by cable, telegram or by any means of electronic communication
permitted by law, which results in a writing from such stockholder or by his attorney, and delivered to the secretary of the meeting. No proxy shall be voted after three (3) years from its date, unless said proxy provides for a longer period.

(c)In determining the number of votes cast for or against a proposal or nominee, shares abstaining from voting on a matter will not be treated as a vote cast.

Section 2.07. Action by Consent. (a)

Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation and subject to the proviso in Section 2.02, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special
meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding capital stock having not less
than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered
office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be
by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in
writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take the
action were delivered to the Corporation as provided in Section 2.07(b).

(b)Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action
referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this section and Delaware Law to the Corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered
to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery
made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.

Section 2.08. Organization. At
each meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board, if one shall have been elected, or in the Chairmans absence or if one shall not have been elected, the director designated by the vote of the majority of the directors present at such
meeting, shall act as chairman of the meeting. The Secretary (or in the Secretarys absence or inability to act, the person whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting) shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep the
minutes thereof.

Section 2.09. Order of Business. The

order of business at all meetings of stockholders shall be as determined by the chairman of the meeting.

ARTICLE 3

DIRECTORS

Section 3.01. General Powers. Except

as otherwise provided in Delaware Law or the certificate of incorporation, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.02. Number, Election and Term
Of Office. (a) The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders by written
ballot, except as provided in Section 2.02 and Section 3.12 herein, and each director so elected shall hold office until such directors successor is elected and qualified or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. Directors
need not be stockholders.

(b) Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional
directors under specific circumstances, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of
directors.

Section 3.03. Quorum and Manner of
Acting. Unless the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws require a greater number, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned
meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Board of Directors may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If a quorum
shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors the directors present thereat shall adjourn the meeting, from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 3.04. Time and Place of
Meetings. The Board of Directors shall hold its meetings at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of
a determination by the Board of Directors).

Section 3.05. Annual Meeting. The

Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose of organization, the election of officers and the transaction of other business, as soon as practicable after each annual meeting of stockholders, on the same day and at the same place where such annual
meeting shall be held. Notice of such meeting need not be given. In the event such annual meeting is not so held, the annual meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place either within or without the State of Delaware, on such date
and at such time as shall be specified in a notice thereof given as hereinafter provided in Section 3.07 herein or in a waiver of notice thereof signed by any director who chooses to waive the requirement of notice.

Section 3.06. Regular Meetings. After

the place and time of regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall have been determined and notice thereof shall have been once given to each member of the Board of Directors, regular meetings may be held without further notice being given.

Section 3.07. Special Meetings. Special

meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board or the President and shall be called by the Chairman of the Board, President or Secretary on the written request of a director. Notice of special meetings of the Board
of Directors shall be given to each director at least three days before the date of the meeting in such manner as is determined by the Board of Directors.

Section 3.08. Committees. The
Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent
or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute
a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, shall
have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no
such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to any of the following matters: (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required
by Delaware Law to be submitted to the stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when
required.

Section 3.09. Action by Consent. Unless

otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board
or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions, are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing
shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 3.10. Telephonic Meetings. Unless

otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or such committee, as the
case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 3.11. Resignation. Any
director may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary of the Corporation. The resignation of any director shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such
later time as shall be specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 3.12. Vacancies. Unless

otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be
filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the
certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director
so elected. Each director so chosen shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held
in accordance with Delaware Law. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, when one or more directors shall resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors then in office shall have the power to
fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office as provided in the filling of other vacancies.

Section 3.13. Removal. Any
director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote at any election of directors
and the vacancies thus created may be filled in accordance with Section 3.12 herein.

Section 3.14. Compensation. Unless

otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have authority to fix the compensation of directors, including fees and reimbursement of expenses.

ARTICLE 4

OFFICERS

Section 4.01. Principal Officers. The

principal officers of the Corporation shall be a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary who shall have the duty, among other things, to record the proceedings of the meetings of stockholders and directors in a book kept
for that purpose. The Corporation may also have such other principal officers as the Board may in its discretion appoint. One person may hold the offices and perform the duties of any two or more of said offices.

Section 4.02. Election, Term of Office
and Remuneration. The principal officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the annual meeting thereof. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or
until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. The remuneration of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in any office shall be filled in such manner as the Board of Directors shall
determine.

Section 4.03. Subordinate Officers. In

addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 4.01 herein, the Corporation may have one or more Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Controllers and such other subordinate officers, agents and employees as the Board
of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such
subordinate officers, agents or employees.

Section 4.04. Removal. Except
as otherwise permitted with respect to subordinate officers, any officer may be removed, with or without cause, at any time, by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors.

Section 4.05. Resignations. Any

officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors (or to a principal officer if the Board of Directors has delegated to such principal officer the power to appoint and to remove such officer). The resignation of any
officer shall take effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time as shall be specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

Section 4.06. Powers and Duties. The

officers of the Corporation shall have such powers and perform such duties incident to each of their respective offices and such other duties as may from time to time be conferred upon or assigned to them by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE 5

Capital
Stock

Section 5.01. Certificates For Stock;
Uncertificated Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be uncertificated, provided that the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock
shall be certificated shares. Except as otherwise provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares and the rights and obligations of the holders of shares represented by certificates of the same class and series
shall be identical. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by any two authorized officers of the Corporation representing the number of shares
registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased
to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. A Corporation shall
not have power to issue a certificate in bearer form.

Section 5.02. Transfer Of Shares. Shares

of the stock of the Corporation may be transferred on the record of stockholders of the Corporation by the holder thereof or by such holders duly authorized attorney upon surrender of a certificate therefor properly endorsed or upon receipt of
proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of uncertificated shares or by such holders duly authorized attorney and upon compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form, unless waived by the
Corporation.

Section 5.03. Authority for Additional
Rules Regarding Transfer. The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as they may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificated or uncertificated shares
of the stock of the Corporation, as well as for the issuance of new certificates in lieu of those which may be lost or destroyed, and may require of any stockholder requesting replacement of lost or destroyed certificates, bond in such amount and
in such form as they may deem expedient to indemnify the Corporation, and/or the transfer agents, and/or the registrars of its stock against any claims arising in connection therewith.

ARTICLE 6

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 6.01. Fixing the Record Date. (a)
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon
which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the
record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business
on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

(b)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board of Directors may fix a record
date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the
Board of Directors is required by Delaware Law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its
principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporations registered office shall be by hand or by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by Delaware Law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to
consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

(c)In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders
entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 6.02. Dividends. Subject

to limitations contained in Delaware Law and the certificate of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of capital stock of the Corporation, which dividends may be paid either in cash, in property or in
shares of the capital stock of the Corporation.

Section 6.03. Voting of Stock Owned by
the Corporation. The Board of Directors may authorize any person, on behalf of the Corporation, to attend, vote at and grant proxies to be used at any meeting of stockholders of any corporation (except this Corporation) in which the
Corporation may hold stock.

Section 6.04. Amendments. These

bylaws or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, or new bylaws may be made, by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon at any annual or special meeting thereof or by the Board of Directors.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>azpn-20250311.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>azpn-20250311_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>azpn-20250311_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 11, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --06-30

Entity File Number 001-41400

Entity Registrant Name Aspen Technology, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001897982

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-3100817

Entity Address, Address Line One 20 Crosby Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Bedford

Entity Address, State or Province MA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 01730

City Area Code 781

Local Phone Number 221-6400

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol AZPN

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://aspentech.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

azpn-20250311.xsd 
azpn-20250311_lab.xml 
azpn-20250311_pre.xml 
ny20045136x4_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-008260-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ny20045136x4_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001897982 

2025-03-11 
2025-03-11 

false 
--06-30 
Aspen Technology, Inc. 
0001897982 
MA 
8-K 
2025-03-11 
DE 
001-41400 
87-3100817 
20 Crosby Drive 
Bedford 
01730 
781 
221-6400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
AZPN 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>