<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-025055.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-025055.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318162520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-025055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250318
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38899
		FILM NUMBER:		25748758

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BOUL. DR.-FREDERIK-PHILIPS, STE 420
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H4M 2X6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(514) 336-0444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BOUL. DR.-FREDERIK-PHILIPS, STE 420
		CITY:			MONTREAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H4M 2X6
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm259429d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001408443A800-0000000QC00014084432025-03-182025-03-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

March 18, 2025

MILESTONE
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Qubec 001-38899 Not
applicable

(state or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1111
Dr. Frederik-Philips Boulevard, 

Suite
420 

Montral,
QubecCA H4M
2X6

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area
code: (514)
336-0444

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common
Shares MIST The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On March 18, 2025, Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the
Company) entered into an Amended and Restated Open Market Sale AgreementSM (the Amended
Agreement) with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent (Jefferies or the Agent). The Amended Agreement
amends and restates in its entirety the Open Market Sale AgreementSM, dated as of July 29, 2020 (the Original
Agreement), relating to the offering of our common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,000,000. Under the
Amended Agreement, the Company may issue and sell its common shares, no par value per share (the Common Shares), from
time to time for an aggregate offering price of up to $77,800,000 (which includes the approximately $2.8 million of sales previously
made pursuant to the Original Agreement through the date hereof) through the Agent. The Common Shares will be
sold pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283162), and offerings of the Shares
will be made only by means of the Prospectus Supplement (defined below).

The Company is not obligated to make any sales of Common Shares under
the Amended Agreement. The Agent may sell the Common Shares by any method that is deemed to be an at the market offering
as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made directly on The Nasdaq Global
Select Market or any other existing trading market for the Common Shares. The Agent will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the
Common Shares under the Amended Agreement from time to time, based upon instructions from the Company (including any price, time or size
limits or other customary parameters or conditions the Company may impose). The Company will pay the Agent a commission equal to 3.0 percent
(3.0%) of the aggregate gross sales proceeds of any Common Shares sold through the Agent under the Amended Agreement, and also has provided the Agent
with customary indemnification and contribution rights. In addition, the Company has agreed to reimburse certain legal expenses and fees
incurred by the Agent in connection with the offering up to a maximum of (A) $75,000 in connection with the execution of the Amended Agreement,
(B) $25,000 in connection with certain filings of the Company with the Commission and (C) $15,000 in connection with certain other filings
of the Company with the Commission.

The offering of Common Shares pursuant to the
Amended Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all Common Shares subject to the Amended Agreement or (ii) termination
of the Amended Agreement in accordance with its terms.

The foregoing description of the Amended Agreement
is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

The legal opinion of Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt
LLP relating to the Common Shares to be offered pursuant to the Amended Agreement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Common Shares nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of the Common
Shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Item 8.01 Other Events

In connection with the Amended Agreement, the
Company intends to file a prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement) to the shelf registration statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-283162). The controlling provisions of the Amended Agreement will become effective at the time of filing of the Prospectus
Supplement.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Amended
and Restated Open Market Sale AgreementSM, dated March 18, 2025, by and between Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Jefferies
LLC.

5.1 Opinion
of Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP.

23.1
Consent
of Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File--the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MILESTONE PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Date: March 18, 2025 By: /s/ Amit Hasija

Amit Hasija

Chief Financial Officer

Principal Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm259429d2_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

AMENDED &
RESTATED

OPEN
MARKET SALE AGREEMENTSM

March 18,
2025

JEFFERIES LLC

520 Madison Avenue

New York,
New York 10022

Ladies and
Gentlemen:

Milestone
Pharmaceuticals Inc., a corporation continued under the laws of the Province of Qubec, Canada (the Company),
proposes, subject to the terms and conditions stated herein, to issue and sell from time to time through Jefferies LLC, as sales agent
and/or principal (the Agent), the Companys common shares without par value (the Common Shares),
having an aggregate offering price of up to $77,800,000 on the terms set forth in this amended and restated agreement (this Agreement).

WHEREAS,
the Agent and the Company are parties to that certain Open Market Sale Agreement, dated July 29, 2020 (the Original
Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Agent and Company
desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises herein contained, the Agent and the Company agree as follows:

Section 1. DEFINITIONS

(a) Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the following respective
meanings:

Affiliate
of a Person means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such first-mentioned Person. The term control (including the terms controlling, controlled
by and under common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

Agency
Period means the period commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the earliest to occur of (x) the date
on which the Agent shall have placed the Maximum Program Amount pursuant to this Agreement and (y) the date this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 7.

AMF
means the Autorit des marchs financiers (Qubec).

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Floor
Price means the minimum price set by the Company in an Issuance Notice below which the Agent shall not sell Shares during the
applicable period set forth in the applicable Issuance Notice, which may be adjusted by the Company at any time during the period set
forth in the applicable Issuance Notice by delivering written notice of such change to the Agent and which in no event shall be less than
$1.00 without the prior written consent of the Agent, which consent may be withheld in the Agents sole discretion.

SM Open Market Sale Agreement is a service
mark of Jefferies LLC

Issuance
Amount means the aggregate Sales Price of the Shares to be sold by the Agent pursuant to any Issuance Notice.

Issuance
Notice means a written notice delivered to the Agent by the Company in accordance with this Agreement in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A that is executed by its Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer.

Issuance
Notice Date means any Trading Day during the Agency Period that an Issuance Notice is delivered pursuant to Section 3(b)(i).

Issuance
Price means the Sales Price less the Selling Commission.

Maximum
Program Amount means Common Shares with an aggregate Sales Price of the lesser of (a) the number or dollar amount of Common
Shares registered under the effective Registration Statement (defined below) pursuant to which the offering is being made, (b) the
number of authorized but unissued Common Shares (less Common Shares issuable upon exercise, conversion or exchange of any outstanding
securities of the Company or otherwise reserved from the Companys authorized capital stock), (c) the number or dollar amount
of Common Shares permitted to be sold under Form S-3 (including General Instruction I.B.6 thereof, if applicable), or (d) the
number or dollar amount of Common Shares for which the Company has filed a Prospectus (defined below).

Person
means an individual or a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint
venture, joint stock company, governmental authority or other entity of any kind.

Principal
Market means the Nasdaq Global Select Market or such other national securities exchange on which the Common Shares, including
any Shares, are then listed.

Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement means any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act
in connection with the offer and sale of Shares.

Sales
Price means the actual sale execution price of each Share placed by the Agent pursuant to this Agreement.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

Selling
Commission means three percent (3.0%) of the gross proceeds of Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement, or as otherwise agreed
between the Company and the Agent with respect to any Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement.

Settlement
Date means the first business day, or such other time period as required by the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated
thereunder, following each Trading Day during the period set forth in the applicable Issuance Notice pursuant to which Shares are sold
pursuant to this Agreement, when the Company shall deliver to the Agent the amount of Shares sold on such Trading Day and the Agent shall
deliver to the Company the Issuance Price received with respect to such sales.

Shares
means the Companys Common Shares issued or issuable pursuant to this Agreement.

Trading
Day means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading.

Section 2. REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The
Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Agent that as of (1) the date of this Agreement, (2) each Issuance
Notice Date, (3) each Settlement Date, (4) each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is required to deliver
a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) and (5) each Time of Sale (as defined below) (each of the times referenced above
is referred to herein as a Representation Date), except as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents
incorporated by reference therein and any supplements thereto) on or before a Representation Date:

(a) Registration
Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Commission a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-283162)
that contains a base prospectus. Such registration statement registers the issuance and sale by the Company of the Shares under the Securities
Act. The Company may file one or more additional registration statements from time to time that will contain a base prospectus and related
prospectus or prospectus supplement, if applicable, with respect to the Shares. Except where the context otherwise requires, such registration
statement(s), including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, including all
financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto and all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference
pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as from time to time amended or supplemented, is herein referred to as the
Registration Statement, and the prospectus constituting a part of such registration statement(s), together with any
prospectus supplement filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act relating to a particular issuance
of the Shares, including all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3
under the Securities Act, in each case, as from time to time amended or supplemented, is referred to herein as the Prospectus,
except that if any revised prospectus is provided to the Agent by the Company for use in connection with the offering of the Shares that
is not required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, the term Prospectus
shall refer to such revised prospectus from and after the time it is first provided to the Agent for such use. The Registration Statement
at the time it originally became effective is herein called the Original Registration Statement. As used in this
Agreement, the terms amendment or supplement when applied to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
shall be deemed to include the filing by the Company with the Commission of any document under the Exchange Act after the date hereof
that is or is deemed to be incorporated therein by reference.

All
references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included
or stated in or part of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (and all other references of like import)
shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated
by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Securities Act to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
as the case may be, as of any specified date; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include, without limitation, the filing of any document under the Exchange Act which is
or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed under the Securities Act to be a part of or included in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, as of any specified date. The Companys obligations under this Agreement to furnish,
provide or deliver or make available copies of any report or statement shall be deemed satisfied if the same is filed with the Commission
through its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR).

At
the time the Original Registration Statement was declared effective and at the time the Companys most recent annual report on Form 10-K
was filed with the Commission, if later, the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities
Act. During the Agency Period, each time the Company files an annual report on Form 10-K the Company will meet the then-applicable
requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act.

(b) Compliance
with Registration Requirements. The Original Registration Statement and any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement has been
or will be declared effective by the Commission or become effective under the Securities Act prior to any Issuance Notice Date following
such filing. The Company has complied to the Commissions satisfaction with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental
information, if any. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, are
contemplated or threatened by the Commission.

The
Prospectus when filed complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and, if filed with the Commission through EDGAR (except
as may be permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act), was identical to the copy thereof delivered to the Agent for use in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Shares. Each of the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and any
post-effective amendment or supplement thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective and at each Representation Date, complied and
will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the date
of this Agreement, the Prospectus and any Free Writing Prospectus (as defined below) considered together (collectively, the Time
of Sale Information) did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Prospectus as of its date,
did not, and at each Settlement Date, the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties set forth in the three immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements
in or omissions from the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, or any post-effective amendment or
supplement thereto, or the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, or the Time of Sale Information, made in reliance upon
and in conformity with information relating to the Agent furnished to the Company in writing by the Agent expressly for use therein, it
being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the Agent to the Company consists of the information described
in Section 6 below. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Prospectus or to be filed
as exhibits to the Registration Statement which have not been described or filed as required. The Registration Statement and the offer
and sale of the Shares as contemplated hereby meet the requirements of Rule 415 under the Securities Act and comply in all material
respects with said rule.

(c) Ineligible
Issuer Status. The Company is not an ineligible issuer in connection with the offering of the Shares pursuant to Rules 164,
405 and 433 under the Securities Act. Any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under
the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each Free
Writing Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or that
was prepared by or on behalf of or used or referred to by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements
of Rule 433 under the Securities Act including timely filing with the Commission or retention where required and legending, and each
such Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the issuance and sale of the
Shares did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts with or will conflict with the information contained
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, including any document incorporated by reference therein. Except for the Free Writing
Prospectuses, if any, and electronic road shows, if any, furnished to you before first use, the Company has not prepared, used or referred
to, and will not, without your prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, prepare, use or refer to, any
Free Writing Prospectus.

(d) Incorporated
Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
at the time they were filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as applicable, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, do not contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(e) Exchange
Act Compliance. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter
are filed with the Commission, and any Free Writing Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto complied and will comply in all material
respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and, when read together with the other information in the Prospectus, at the time
the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto become effective and at each Time of Sale, as the case may be, will not contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(f) Statistical
and Market-Related Data. All statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry, to be reliable and accurate in all material
respects. To the extent required, the Company has obtained the written consent for the use of such data from such sources.

(g) Companys
Accounting System. The Company and each of its subsidiaries make and keep accurate books and records in all material respects and
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed
in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, as applied in the United States, and to maintain
accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and
is prepared in accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Since the end of the Company's most recent
audited fiscal year, there have been no significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the Company's internal control over financial
reporting (whether or not remediated) and no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. The Company is not aware of any
change in its internal control over financial reporting that has occurred during its most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

(h) Disclosure
Controls. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange
Act Rules) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act; such disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures
designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Companys management to allow timely decisions regarding
disclosures. The Company has conducted evaluations of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls as required by Rule 13a-15 of
the Exchange Act.

(i) This
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

(j) Authorization
of the Shares. The Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued and delivered
by the Company against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the issuance
and sale of the Shares is not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase
any Shares.

(k) No
Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any equity
or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the offering contemplated by this Agreement, except
for such rights as have been duly waived.

(l) No
Material Adverse Change. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective
dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus: (i) there has been no material adverse change,
or any development that could be expected to result in a material adverse change, in (A) the condition, financial or otherwise, or
in the earnings, business, properties, operations, operating results, assets, liabilities or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions
in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and the Subsidiary (as defined below), considered as one entity or (B) the ability
of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or perform its obligations hereunder (any such change being
referred to herein as a Material Adverse Change); (ii) the Company
and the Subsidiary, considered as one entity, have not incurred any material liability or obligation, indirect, direct or contingent,
including without limitation any losses or interference with their business from fire, explosion, flood, earthquakes, accident or other
calamity, whether or not covered by insurance, or from any strike, labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree, that
are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and the Subsidiary, considered as one entity, and have not entered into
any transactions not in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) there has not been any material decrease in the share capital
or any material increase in any short-term or long-term indebtedness of the Company or the Subsidiary and there has been no dividend or
distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company or, except for dividends paid to the Company, by the Subsidiary on any
class of share capital, or any repurchase or redemption by the Company or the Subsidiary of any class of share capital.

(m) Independent
Accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements (which term as used
in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) or reviewed the financial statements, each as filed with the Commission as a part
of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), (ii) in
compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under
the Securities Act and (iii) a registered public accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not been suspended
or revoked and who has not requested such registration to be withdrawn.

(n) Financial
Statements. The financial statements filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company and the Subsidiary as of and at the dates indicated
and the results of their operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto, and except in the case of unaudited
financial statements, which are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and do not contain all footnotes as permitted by
the applicable rules of the Commission. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been prepared in accordance
with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required
to be included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus. To the Companys knowledge, no person who has been suspended or
barred from being associated with a registered public accounting firm, or who has failed to comply with any sanction pursuant to Rule 5300
promulgated by the PCAOB, has participated in or otherwise aided the preparation of, or audited, the financial statements or other financial
data filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(o) Companys
Accounting System. The Company and the Subsidiary make and keep books and records that are accurate in all material respects and maintain
a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States and to maintain accountability
for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect
to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in
accordance with the Commission's rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(p) Incorporation
and Valid Existence of the Company. The Company has been duly continued and is validly existing as a corporation under the Business
Corporations Act (Qubec) and has the corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its
business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(q) Subsidiaries.
The Company has no significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act). The
Company has no subsidiaries (for purposes of this Agreement, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) other than Milestone
Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Subsidiary). The Subsidiary has been duly incorporated
and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the power and authority (corporate
or other) to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.
The Subsidiary is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in the State of North Carolina
and each other jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the
conduct of business, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected, individually or
in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity or
ownership interests of the Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by
the Company directly free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or adverse claim. None of the outstanding
capital stock of the Subsidiary was issued in violation of preemptive or similar rights of any security holder of the Subsidiary. The
organizational documents of the Subsidiary comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation and are in full force and effect. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association
or other entity other than the Subsidiary.

(r) Capitalization
and Other Share Capital Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding share capital of the Company is as set forth in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus (other than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans, or upon the exercise of
outstanding options or warrants, in each case described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus). The Common Shares (including
the Shares) conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus. All of the issued and outstanding
Common Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with all
U.S. and Canadian federal, state and provincial securities laws. None of the outstanding Common Shares was issued in violation of any
preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. There are no
authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or equity or debt
securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any share capital of the Company or the Subsidiary other than those described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. The descriptions of the Companys share option, share bonus and other share plans
or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus accurately
and fairly presents, in all material respects, the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options
and rights.

(w) Stock
Exchange Listing. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and are listed
on the Principal Market, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration
of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act or delisting the Common Shares from the Principal Market, nor has the Company received any
notification that the Commission or the Principal Market is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys
knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of the Principal Market.

(t) Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of
its articles or by-laws or similar organizational documents, as applicable, or is in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of
time, would be in default) (Default) under any indenture, loan, credit agreement, note, lease, license agreement,
contract, franchise or other instrument (including, without limitation, any pledge agreement, security agreement, mortgage or other instrument
or agreement evidencing, guaranteeing, securing or relating to indebtedness) to which the Company or the Subsidiary is a party or by which
it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of their respective properties or assets are subject (each, an Existing Instrument),
except for such Defaults as could not be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Companys
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus and the issuance and sale of the Shares (including the use of proceeds from the sale of the Shares as described in
the Registration Statement and the Prospectus under the caption Use of Proceeds) (i) have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action and will not result in any violation of the provisions of the articles or by-laws or similar organizational
documents, as applicable, of the Company or the Subsidiary (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a
Debt Repayment Triggering Event (as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon
any property or assets of the Company or the Subsidiary pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument
and (iii) will not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree applicable to
the Company or the Subsidiary, except in the case of (ii) and (iii) as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in
the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing
with, any court or other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except
such as have been obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act and such as may be required
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or FINRA (as defined below). As used herein, a Debt Repayment Triggering
Event means any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any
note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the repurchase,
redemption or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or the Subsidiary.

(u) No
Material Actions or Proceedings. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, there is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or
investigation brought by or before any legal or governmental entity now pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened, against
or affecting the Company or the Subsidiary, which would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material
Adverse Change. No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or the Subsidiary, or with the employees of any principal
supplier, manufacturer, customer or contractor of the Company, exists or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened or imminent.

(v) Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and the Subsidiary own, or have obtained valid and enforceable licenses, if any, for, the inventions,
patent applications, patents, trademarks, trade names, service names, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as being owned or licensed by them or which are necessary for the conduct of their respective
businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted (collectively, Intellectual Property),
except where the failure to have such Intellectual Property would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate,
a Material Adverse Change. To the Company's knowledge: (i) there are no third parties who have rights to any Intellectual Property
that is disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus; and (ii) there is no infringement by third parties of any Intellectual
Property. There is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others: (A) challenging
the Companys rights in or to any Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis
for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim; (B) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any material Intellectual
Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim;
or (C) asserting that the Company or the Subsidiary infringes or otherwise violates, or would, upon the commercialization of any
product or service described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as under development, infringe or violate, any patent, trademark,
trade name, service name, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any facts which
would form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding or claim. The product candidates described in the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus as under development by the Company or the Subsidiary fall within the scope of the claims of one or more patents owned
by, or exclusively licensed to, the Company or the Subsidiary.

(w) IT
Systems. The Company and the Subsidiarys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware,
software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform
in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company and the Subsidiary as currently conducted,
free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants. The Company and the Subsidiary
have implemented and maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards
to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all
IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data
means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number or
tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, bank information, or customer or account
number; (ii) any information which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission
Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by GDPR; (iv) any information which would qualify as protected
health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information
Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (collectively, HIPAA); and (v) any other piece of information
that permits the collection or analysis of any data related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been
no breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to same, except for those that have been remedied without material
cost or liability or the duty to notify any other person, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating to the same.
The Company and the Subsidiary are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and
regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating
to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized
use, access, misappropriation or modification.

(x) Privacy
Laws. The Company and the Subsidiary have complied and are presently in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable
state and federal data privacy and security laws and regulations, including without limitation HIPAA, and the Company and the Subsidiary
have taken commercially reasonable actions to prepare to comply with, and since May 25, 2018, have been and currently are in compliance
with, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU 2016/679) (collectively, the Privacy
Laws). To ensure compliance with the Privacy Laws, the Company and the Subsidiary have in place, comply with, and take appropriate
steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their policies and procedures relating to data privacy and
security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The
Company and the Subsidiary have at all times made all disclosures to users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or
requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have, to the knowledge of the Company, been inaccurate or in
violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any material respect. The Company further certifies that
neither it nor the Subsidiary: (i) has received notice of any actual or potential liability under or relating to, or actual or potential
violation of, any of the Privacy Laws, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in any
such notice; (ii) is currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective
action pursuant to any Privacy Law; or (iii) is a party to any order, decree, or agreement that imposes any obligation or liability
under any Privacy Law.

(y) All
Necessary Permits, etc. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiary possess such valid and
current certificates, authorizations or permits required by state, federal, provincial or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies to conduct
their respective businesses as currently conducted and as described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (Permits),
except where the failure to so possess would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse
Change. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of, or in default under, any of the Permits or has received any notice
of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of, or non-compliance with, any such certificate, authorization or permit, except
as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(z) Title
to Properties. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiary have good and marketable title to all
of the real and personal property or, in Qubec, good and valid title to all real property and all personal property and other
assets reflected as owned in the financial statements referred to in Section 2(n) above (or elsewhere in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, in each case free and clear of any security interests, mortgages, liens, encumbrances, equities, adverse
claims and other defects, except where the failure to so possess would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
result in a Material Adverse Change. The real property, improvements, equipment and personal property held under lease by the Company
or the Subsidiary are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially interfere
with the use made or proposed to be made of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company or the Subsidiary.

(aa)
Tax Law Compliance. The Company and the Subsidiary have filed all U.S. and Canadian federal and material state, provincial, municipal
and local and any other foreign tax returns that are required to be filed or have properly requested extensions thereof and have paid
all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against
any of them except as may be contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and except where the failure to file or pay would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. The Company has made adequate charges,
accruals and reserves in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2(n) above in respect of all
U.S. and Canadian federal, state, provincial, municipal, local and foreign taxes for all periods as to which the tax liability of the
Company or the Subsidiary has not been finally determined, except where the failure to make such adequate charge, accrual or reserve would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(bb)
Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not, and will not be, either after receipt of payment for the Shares
or after the application of the proceeds therefrom as described under Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus, required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act).

(cc)
Insurance. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, each of the Company and the Subsidiary are insured by recognized, financially
sound and reputable institutions with policies in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are generally deemed
adequate and customary for their businesses including, but not limited to, policies covering material real and personal property owned
or leased by the Company and the Subsidiary against theft, damage, destruction, acts of vandalism and earthquakes and policies covering
the Company and the Subsidiary for product liability claims and clinical trial liability claims. The Company has no reason to believe
that it or the Subsidiary will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to
obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at
a cost that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has been denied
any insurance coverage which it has sought or for which it has applied.

(dd)
No Price Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has taken, directly
or indirectly, and excluding any activities by the Agent, any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation
of the price of the Common Shares or of any reference security (as defined in Rule 100 of Regulation M under the Exchange
Act (Regulation M)) with respect to the Common Shares, whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Shares or
otherwise, and has taken no action which would directly or indirectly violate Regulation M.

(ee)
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the Company or the Subsidiary
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus which have not been described as required.

(ff)
No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration or other similar rights to have any
equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement.

(gg)
PFIC. The Company believes that it was not classified as a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of Section 1297
of the Code (as defined below) for the taxable year ending December 31, 2024.

(hh)
Forward-Looking Statements. Each financial or operational projection or other forward-looking statement (as defined
by Section 27A of the Securities Act or Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
(i) was so included by the Company in good faith and with reasonable basis after due consideration by the Company of the underlying
assumptions, estimates and other applicable facts and circumstances and (ii) as required, is accompanied by meaningful cautionary
statements identifying those factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statement.
No such statement was made with the knowledge of an officer (within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange
Act) or director of the Company that it was false or misleading.

(ii) FINRA
Matters. All of the information provided to the Agent or to counsel for the Agent by the Company, and, to the Companys knowledge,
its officers and directors, its counsel and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire any securities of the
Company in connection with the offering of the Shares is true, complete and correct in all material respects and compliant with Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.s (FINRA) rules and any letters, filings or other supplemental
information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules or NASD Conduct Rules is true, complete and correct in all material respects.
The Company meets the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act specified in FINRA Rule 5110(b)(7)(C)(i).

(jj)
No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Company nor the Subsidiary
nor, to the Companys knowledge, any employee or agent of the Company or the Subsidiary, has made any contribution or other payment
to any official of, or candidate for, any federal, state, provincial or foreign office in violation of any law or of the character required
to be disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

(kk)
Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as described in the Prospectus and except as would not reasonably be expected, individually
or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change; (i) neither the Company nor the Subsidiary is in violation of any federal,
state, provincial, local or foreign statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, policy or rule of common law or any judicial
or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent, decree or judgment, relating to pollution
or protection of human health, the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or
subsurface strata) or wildlife, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to the release or threatened release of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, hazardous substances, petroleum or petroleum products (collectively, Hazardous
Materials) or to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous
Materials (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) the Company and the Subsidiary have all permits, authorizations
and approvals required under any applicable Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements, (iii) there are
no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters,
claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the Company
or the Subsidiary and (iv) to the Companys knowledge, there are no events or circumstances that might reasonably be expected
to form the basis of an order for clean-up or remediation, or an action, suit or proceeding by any private party or governmental body
or agency, against or affecting the Company or the Subsidiary relating to Hazardous Materials or any Environmental Laws.

(ll)
ERISA and Pension Compliance. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, the Company and the Subsidiary and any employee
benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published
interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained by the Company, the Subsidiary or their
ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate
means, with respect to the Company or the Subsidiary, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or
(o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code)
of which the Company or the Subsidiary is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, the Subsidiary or
any of their ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, the Subsidiary or any
of their ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit
liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company, the Subsidiary nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably
expects to incur any liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee
benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or
maintained by the Company, the Subsidiary or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.
Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has any actual or contingent liability or obligation to or in respect of any employee benefit plan
with a defined benefit provision (within the meaning of subsection 147.1(1) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)), or any
other plan that is required to be registered pursuant to applicable pension benefit standards legislation of provincial or federal jurisdiction
in Canada, including without limitation the Supplemental Pension Plans Act (Qubec).

(mm) Brokers.
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, there is no broker, finder or other party that is entitled to receive from the Company
any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(nn)
No Outstanding Loans or Other Extensions of Credit. The Company does not have any outstanding extension of credit, in the form
of a personal loan, to or for any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) of the Company except for such extensions of credit
as are expressly permitted by Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

(oo)
Compliance with Laws. The Company has not been advised, and has no reason to believe, that it and its Subsidiary are not conducting
business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all applicable Canadian
and U.S. securities laws), except where failure to be so in compliance would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to result in a Material Adverse Change.

(pp)
Dividend Restrictions. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Subsidiary is not prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly,
from paying dividends to the Company, or from making any other distribution with respect to the Subsidiarys equity securities or
from repaying to the Company any amounts that may from time to time become due under any loans or advances to the Subsidiary from the
Company or from transferring any property or assets to the Company.

(qq) Anti-Corruption and
Anti-Bribery Laws. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, employee,
agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or the Subsidiary, has (i) used any corporate funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees, political parties or campaigns, political party officials, or candidates
for political office from corporate funds, (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), the UK Bribery Act 2010,
or any applicable anti-corruption laws, rules, or regulation of any other jurisdiction in which the Company or the Subsidiary conducts
business, or (iv) made any other unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback, or other unlawful payment to any person.
The Company and the Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates have conducted their respective businesses
in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected
to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

(rr) Statistical and Market
Data. All statistical, demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus are based on or
derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable inquiry, to be reliable and accurate in all material respects. To the
extent required, the Company has obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such sources.

(ss) Money Laundering Laws.
The operations of the Company and the Subsidiary are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with all applicable financial
recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable
anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and the Subsidiary conduct business, the rules and regulations
thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively,
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or the Subsidiary with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(tt) Clinical Data and
Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical tests and clinical trials, and other studies (collectively, studies) that are
described in, or the results of which are referred to in, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus were and, if still pending, are
being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and approved for such studies
and with standard medical and scientific research procedures; each description of the results of such studies is accurate and complete
in all material respects and fairly presents the data derived from such studies, and the Company and the Subsidiary have no knowledge
of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results described or referred to
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; the Company and the Subsidiary have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals
as may be required for the conduct of its business by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
or any committee thereof or from any other U.S. or foreign government or drug or medical device regulatory agency, or health care facility
Institutional Review Board (collectively, the Regulatory Agencies); neither the Company nor the Subsidiary has received
any notice of, or correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency requiring the termination, suspension or modification of any clinical trials
that are described or referred to in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus; and the Company and the Subsidiary have each operated
and currently are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the Regulatory Agencies.

(uu) Sanctions.

(A) Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiary, nor any director, officer or employee thereof, nor, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate,
representative or other person acting on behalf of the Company or the Subsidiary, is an individual or entity (Person)
that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is: (i) the subject of any economic, financial or trade sanctions administered
or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the United Nations
Security Council (UNSC), the European Union (EU), His Majestys Treasury (HMT),
Global Affairs Canada, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions),
nor (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of a U.S. government or Canadian government
embargo (including, without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic,
the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions, Cuba, Iran, North Korea
and Syria).

(B) The
Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds
to the Subsidiary, or any joint venture partner or other Person: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with
any Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any country or territory that, at the
time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of a U.S. government or Canadian government embargo; or (ii) in any other manner
that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter,
advisor, investor or otherwise).

(C) Since
April 24, 2019, the Company and the Subsidiary have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage
in, any direct or indirect dealings or transactions with any Person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject
of Sanctions or any country or territory that, at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of a U.S. government embargo.

(vv) Export and Import
Laws. Each of the Company and the Subsidiary, and, to the Companys knowledge, each of their affiliates and any director, officer,
agent or employee of the Company has acted at all times in compliance with applicable Export and Import Laws (as defined below) applicable
to the Company except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Change, and there are no claims, complaints, charges, investigations or proceedings pending or expected or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened between the Company or the Subsidiary and any governmental authority under any Export or Import Laws. The term Export
and Import Laws means the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Act
of 1979, as amended, the Export Administration Regulations, and all other laws and regulations of the United States government regulating
the provision of services to non-U.S. parties or the export and import of articles or information from and to the United States of America,
and all similar laws and regulations of any foreign government regulating the provision of services to parties not of the foreign country
or the export and import of articles and information from and to the foreign country to parties not of the foreign country.

(ww) Sarbanes-Oxley.
There is, and has been, no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities
as such, to comply in all material respects with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.

(xx) Canadian Reporting
Issuer. The Company is a reporting issuer in the Province of Qubec and is not on the list of defaulting reporting issuers
maintained by the AMF. The Company has not filed any confidential material changes reports that remain confidential at the date hereof.

(yy) Qubec Securities
Laws. The Company has complied with the securities laws of the Province of Qubec, including the rules and regulations
made thereunder together with applicable published national and local instruments, policy statements, notices, blanket rulings and orders
of the AMF, and all discretionary rulings and orders applicable to the Company, if any, of the Canadian securities commissions required
to be complied with by the Company in order to sell the Shares outside Canada as contemplated by this Agreement. To the Companys
knowledge, no order, ruling or decision of any court or any securities regulatory authority in Canada is in effect that restricts or ceases
trades in securities of the Company.

(zz) Section 12 Order.
The Company has obtained from the AMF an order under Section 12 of the Qubec Securities Act allowing the sales thereunder
of Common Shares to persons established outside the Province of Qubec, Canada.

(aaa) Duties, Transfer
Taxes, Etc. No stamp or other issuance or transfer taxes or duties and no capital gains, income, withholding or other taxes are payable
by the Agent in the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in connection with the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company or the sale and delivery by the Company of the Shares.

(bbb) Cybersecurity.
(i) To the Companys knowledge, there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the information
technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data, equipment or technology owned, held or used by or for the Company
(including the data of its customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of the Company)
(collectively, the IT Systems and Data), (ii) the Company has not been notified of, and has no knowledge of
any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any material security breach or other material compromise to the
IT Systems and Data; (iii) the Company has complied, and is presently in compliance, with all applicable laws or statutes and all
judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and
contractual obligations relating to (x) the collection, use, transfer, storage, protection, disposal and/or disclosure of personally
identifiable information collected from or provided by third parties, (y) the privacy and security of the IT Systems and Data and
(z) the protection of the IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not
reasonably be expected, in the case of this clause (iii), individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change; and (iv) the
Company has taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the IT Systems and Data, including by implementing backup, security and disaster
recovery plans, procedures and technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(ccc) Submission to Jurisdiction.
The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 8(h) of this Agreement, has legally, validly, effectively
and irrevocably submitted, to the personal jurisdiction of the Specified Courts (as defined below), and the Company has the power to designate,
appoint and authorize, and pursuant to Section 8(g) of this Agreement, has legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably
designated, appointed and authorized an agent for service of process in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the
Shares in any Specified Court, and service of process effected on such authorized agent will be effective to confer valid personal jurisdiction
over the Company as provided in Section 8(h) hereof.

(ddd) Judgment. The
courts of Canada would recognize as a valid judgment any final monetary judgment obtained against the Company in the courts of the State
of New York.

(eee) Immunity. Neither
the Company nor the Subsidiary nor any of its or their properties or assets has any immunity from the jurisdiction of any court or from
any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution or otherwise) under
the federal laws of Canada or the laws of the Province of Qubec. The irrevocable and unconditional waiver and agreement of the
Company contained in Section 8(h) hereof not to plead or claim any such immunity in any legal action, suit or proceeding
based on this Agreement is valid and binding under the federal laws of Canada and the laws of the Province of Qubec.

(fff) Choice of Law.
The choice of law of the State of New York as the governing law of this Agreement is a valid choice of law under the laws of the Province
of Qubec and will be honored by the courts of Qubec. The Company has the power to submit, and pursuant to Section 8(h) has,
to the extent permitted by law, legally, validly, effectively and irrevocably submitted, to the jurisdiction of the Specified Courts (as
defined in Section 8(h)).

(ggg) Other Underwriting
Agreements. The Company is not a party to any agreement with an agent or underwriter for any other at the market or
continuous equity transaction.

Any certificate signed by
any officer or representative of the Company or the Subsidiary and delivered to the Agent or counsel for the Agent in connection with
an issuance of Shares shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Agent as to the matters covered thereby on the
date of such certificate.

The Company acknowledges that
the Agent and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 4(q) hereof, counsel to the Company and
counsel to the Agent, will rely upon the accuracy and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

Section 3. ISSUANCE AND SALE OF COMMON SHARES

(a) Sale of Securities.
On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth,
the Company and the Agent agree that the Company may from time to time seek to sell Shares through the Agent, acting as sales agent, or
directly to the Agent, acting as principal, as follows, with an aggregate Sales Price of up to the Maximum Program Amount, based on and
in accordance with Issuance Notices as the Company may deliver, during the Agency Period.

(b) Mechanics of Issuances.

(i) Issuance Notice.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, on any Trading Day during the Agency Period on which the conditions set
forth in Section 5(a) and Section 5(b) shall have been satisfied, the Company may exercise
its right to request an issuance of Shares by delivering to the Agent an Issuance Notice; provided, however, that (A) in no
event may the Company deliver an Issuance Notice to the extent that the sum of (x) the aggregate Sales Price of the requested Issuance
Amount, plus (y) the aggregate Sales Price of all Shares issued under all previous Issuance Notices effected pursuant to this Agreement,
would exceed the Maximum Program Amount; and (B) prior to delivery of any Issuance Notice, the period set forth for any previous
Issuance Notice shall have expired or been terminated. An Issuance Notice shall be considered delivered on the Trading Day that it is
received by e-mail to the persons set forth in Schedule A hereto and confirmed by the Company by telephone (including a voicemail message
to the persons so identified), with the understanding that, with adequate prior written notice, the Agent may modify the list of such
persons from time to time.

(ii) Agent Efforts.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, upon the receipt of an Issuance Notice, the Agent will use its
commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal sales and trading practices to place the Shares with respect to which the Agent
has agreed to act as sales agent, subject to, and in accordance with the information specified in, the Issuance Notice, unless the sale
of the Shares described therein has been suspended, cancelled or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement may modify an Issuance Notice at any time provided they both agree in writing
to any such modification.

(iii) Method of Offer
and Sale. The Shares may be offered and sold (A) in privately negotiated transactions with the consent of the Company; (B) as
block transactions with the consent of the Company; or (C) by any other method permitted by law deemed to be an at the market
offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on the Principal Market
or sales made into any other existing trading market of the Common Shares. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require either
party to agree to the method of offer and sale specified in the preceding sentence, and (except as specified in clauses (A) and (B) above)
the method of placement of any Shares by the Agent shall be at the Agents discretion.

(iv) Confirmation
to the Company. If acting as sales agent hereunder, the Agent will provide written confirmation to the Company no later than the closing
of the Trading Day on which it has placed Shares hereunder setting forth the number of Shares sold on such Trading Day, the corresponding
Sales Price and the Issuance Price payable to the Company in respect thereof.

(v) Settlement.
Each issuance of Shares will be settled on the applicable Settlement Date for such issuance of Shares and, subject to the provisions of
Section 5, on or before each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer
the Shares being sold by crediting the Agents or its designees account at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian (DWAC) System, or by such other means of delivery as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto and, upon receipt
of such Shares, which in all cases shall be freely tradable, transferable, registered shares in good deliverable form, the Agent will
deliver, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the related Issuance Price in same day funds delivered to an account designated
by the Company prior to the Settlement Date. The Company may sell Shares to the Agent as principal at a price agreed upon by the parties
at each relevant time Shares are sold pursuant to this Agreement (each, a Time of Sale).

(vi) Suspension or
Termination of Sales. Consistent with standard market settlement practices, the Company or the Agent may, upon notice to the other
party hereto in writing or by telephone (confirmed immediately by verifiable email), suspend any sale of Shares, and the period set forth
in an Issuance Notice shall immediately terminate; provided, however, that (A) such suspension and termination shall not affect
or impair either partys obligations with respect to any Shares placed or sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such notice; (B) if
the Company suspends or terminates any sale of Shares after the Agent confirms such sale to the Company, the Company shall still be obligated
to comply with Section 3(b)(v) with respect to such Shares; and (C) if the Company defaults in its obligation
to deliver Shares on a Settlement Date, the Company agrees that it will hold the Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage or expense
(including, without limitation, penalties, interest and reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred, arising out of or in connection
with such default by the Company. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, in performing its obligations under this Agreement, the
Agent may borrow Common Shares from stock lenders in the event that the Company has not delivered Shares to settle sales as required by
subsection (v) above, and may use the Shares to settle or close out such borrowings. The Company agrees that no such notice shall
be effective against the Agent unless it is made to the persons identified in writing by the Agent pursuant to Section 3(b)(i).

(vii) No Guarantee
of Placement, Etc. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (A) there can be no assurance that the Agent will be successful in
placing Shares; (B) the Agent will incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other Person if it does not sell Shares;
and (C) the Agent shall be under no obligation to purchase Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise
specifically agreed by the Agent and the Company.

(viii) Material Non-Public
Information. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company and the Agent agree that the Company shall not deliver
any Issuance Notice to the Agent, and the Agent shall not be obligated to place any Shares, during any period in which the Company is
in possession of material non-public information.

(c) Fees. As compensation
for services rendered, the Company shall pay to the Agent, on the applicable Settlement Date, the Selling Commission for the applicable
Issuance Amount (including with respect to any suspended or terminated sale pursuant to Section 3(b)(vi)) by the Agent deducting
the Selling Commission from the applicable Issuance Amount.

(d) Expenses.
The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation (i) all expenses incident to the issuance and
delivery of the Shares (including all printing and engraving costs); (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar and transfer agent
of the Shares; (iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares;
(iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors;
(v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration
Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), the Prospectus, any Free Writing
Prospectus (as defined below) prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company, and all amendments and supplements
thereto, and this Agreement; (vi) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Agent in connection
with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Shares for offer
and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws or the provincial securities laws of Canada, and, if requested by the Agent, preparing
and printing a Blue Sky Survey or memorandum and a Canadian wrapper and any supplements thereto, advising
the Agent of such qualifications, registrations, determinations and exemptions; (vii) the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements
of the Agents counsel, including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel for the Agent in connection with, FINRA
review, if any, and approval of the Agents participation in the offering and distribution of the Shares; (viii) the filing
fees incident to FINRA review, if any; and (ix) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Shares on the Principal Market.
The fees and disbursements of Agents counsel pursuant to subsections (vi) and (vii) above shall not exceed
(A) $75,000 in connection with, and due upon, the execution of this Agreement, (B) $25,000 in connection with each Triggering
Event Date (as defined below) on which the Company files with the Commission an Annual Report on Form 10-K (including any Form 10-K/A
containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K) and is required
to provide a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) and (C) $15,000 in connection with each other Triggering Event
Date on which the Company is required to provide a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p).

Section 4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

The Company covenants and
agrees with the Agent as follows, in addition to any other covenants and agreements made elsewhere in this Agreement:

(a) Exchange Act Compliance.
During the Agency Period, the Company shall (i) file, on a timely basis, with the Commission all reports and documents required to
be filed under Section 13, 14 or 15 of the Exchange Act in the manner and within the time periods required by the Exchange Act; and
(ii) in the Companys sole discretion, either (A) include in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its annual reports
on Form 10-K, a summary detailing, for the relevant reporting period, (1) the number of Shares sold through the Agent pursuant
to this Agreement and (2) the net proceeds received by the Company from such sales, or (B) prepare a prospectus supplement containing,
or include in such other filing permitted by the Securities Act or Exchange Act (each an Interim Prospectus Supplement),
such summary information and, at least once a quarter and subject to this Section 4, file such Interim Prospectus Supplement
pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (and within the time periods required by Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B
under the Securities Act).

(b) Securities Act
Compliance. After the date of this Agreement, the Company shall promptly advise the Agent in writing (i) of the receipt of any
comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission; (ii) of the time and date of any filing
of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
to the Prospectus, or any Free Writing Prospectus; (iii) of the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement or any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement becomes effective; and (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Common Shares from any securities
exchange upon which they are listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings
for any of such purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order at any time, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts
to obtain the lifting of such order as soon as practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with the provisions
of Rule 424(b) and Rule 433, as applicable, under the Securities Act and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that
any filings made by the Company under such Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 were filed in a timely manner with the Commission.

(c) Canadian Securities
Laws Compliance. During the Agency Period, the Company shall file, on a timely basis, with the AMF all reports and documents required
to be filed pursuant to applicable Canadian securities laws and shall comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Canadian securities
laws as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of, or dealings in, the Common Shares as contemplated
by the provisions hereof and the Prospectus.

(d) Amendments and
Supplements to the Prospectus and Other Securities Act Matters. If any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it
is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus so that the Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered
to a purchaser, not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Agent or counsel for the Agent it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement
the Prospectus to comply with applicable law, including the Securities Act, the Company agrees (subject to Sections 4(e) and
4(g)) to promptly prepare, file with the Commission and furnish at its own expense to the Agent, amendments or supplements to the
Prospectus so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances when the Prospectus
is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law including
the Securities Act. Neither the Agents consent to, or delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of
any of the Companys obligations under Sections 4(e) and 4(g). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not be required to file such amendment or supplement if there is no pending Issuance Notice and the Company believes that it is in its
best interests not to file such amendment or supplement.

(e) Agents
Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements. Prior to amending or supplementing the Registration Statement (including any Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement) or the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement through incorporation of any report filed under the Exchange Act),
the Company shall furnish to the Agent for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a
copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement, and the Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement without
the Agents prior consent, and the Company shall file with the Commission within the applicable period specified in Rule 424(b) under
the Securities Act any prospectus required to be filed pursuant to such Rule.

(f) Use of Free Writing
Prospectus. Neither the Company nor the Agent has prepared, used, referred to or distributed, or will prepare, use, refer to or distribute,
without the other partys prior written consent, any written communication that constitutes a free writing
prospectus as such terms are defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act with respect to the offering contemplated by this
Agreement (any such free writing prospectus being referred to herein as a Free Writing Prospectus).

(g) Free Writing Prospectuses.
The Company shall furnish to the Agent for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a
copy of each proposed free writing prospectus relating to the Shares or any amendment or supplement thereto to be prepared by or on behalf
of, used by, or referred to by the Company and the Company shall not file, use or refer to any proposed free writing prospectus relating
to the Shares or any amendment or supplement thereto without the Agents consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed. The Company shall furnish to the Agent, without charge, as many copies of any free writing prospectus relating to the Shares
prepared by or on behalf of, or used by the Company, as the Agent may reasonably request. If at any time when a prospectus is required
by the Securities Act (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 173(d)) to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance
with Rule 172 under the Securities Act of any similar rule) in connection with sales of the Shares (but in any event if at any time
through and including the date of this Agreement) there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which any free writing
prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company conflicted or would conflict with the information contained
in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at that subsequent time, not
misleading, the Company shall promptly amend or supplement such free writing prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict or so that
the statements in such free writing prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances prevailing at such subsequent
time, not misleading, as the case may be; provided, however, that prior to amending or supplementing any such free writing prospectus,
the Company shall furnish to the Agent for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a
copy of such proposed amended or supplemented free writing prospectus and the Company shall not file, use or refer to any such amended
or supplemented free writing prospectus without the Agents consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(h) Filing of Agent
Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company shall not take any action that would result in the Agent or the Company being required to file
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the
Agent that the Agent otherwise would not have been required to file thereunder.

(i) Copies of Registration
Statement and Prospectus. After the date of this Agreement through the last time that a prospectus is required by the Securities Act
(including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 173(d)) to be delivered in connection with sales of the Shares, the Company agrees
to furnish the Agent with copies (which may be electronic copies) of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, and with copies
(which may be electronic copies) of the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto in the form in which it is filed with the
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act or Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, both in such quantities as the Agent may
reasonably request from time to time; and, if the delivery of a prospectus is required under the Securities Act or under the blue sky
or securities laws of any jurisdiction at any time on or prior to the applicable Settlement Date for any period set forth in an Issuance
Notice in connection with the offering or sale of the Shares and if at such time any event has occurred as a result of which the Prospectus
as then amended or supplemented would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made when such Prospectus is delivered, not misleading,
or, if for any other reason it is necessary during such same period to amend or supplement the Prospectus or to file under the Exchange
Act any document incorporated by reference in the Prospectus in order to comply with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to notify
the Agent and to request that the Agent suspend offers to sell Shares (and, if so notified, the Agent shall cease such offers as soon
as practicable); and if the Company decides to amend or supplement the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented,
to advise the Agent promptly by telephone (with confirmation in writing) and to prepare and cause to be filed promptly with the Commission
an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented that will correct such statement
or omission or effect such compliance; provided, however, that if during such same period the Agent is required to deliver a prospectus
in respect of transactions in the Shares, the Company shall promptly prepare and file with the Commission such an amendment or supplement.

(j) Blue Sky Compliance.
The Company shall cooperate with the Agent and counsel for the Agent to qualify or register the Shares for sale under (or obtain exemptions
from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws or Canadian provincial securities laws of those jurisdictions designated
by the Agent, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required
for the distribution of the Shares. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that would
subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to
taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will advise the Agent promptly of the suspension of the qualification or registration of
(or any such exemption relating to) the Shares for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding
for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company
shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof as soon as practicable.

(k) Earnings Statement.
As soon as practicable, the Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the Agent an earnings statement (which
need not be audited) covering a period of at least 12 months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the
date of this Agreement which shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the
Securities Act.

(l) Listing; Reservation
of Shares. (a) The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing of the Shares on the Principal Market;
and (b) the Company will reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, Shares for the purpose of enabling the
Company to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement.

(m) Transfer Agent.
The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the Shares.

(n) Due Diligence.
During the term of this Agreement, the Company will reasonably cooperate with any reasonable due diligence review conducted by the Agent
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, providing information and making available documents
and senior corporate officers, during normal business hours and at the Companys principal offices or virtually, as the Agent may
reasonably request from time to time.

(o) Representations
and Warranties. The Company acknowledges that each delivery of an Issuance Notice and each delivery of Shares on a Settlement Date
shall be deemed to be (i) an affirmation to the Agent that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in or made
pursuant to this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of such Issuance Notice or of such Settlement Date, as the case may be,
as though made at and as of each such date, except as may be disclosed in the Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference
therein and any supplements thereto); and (ii) an undertaking that the Company will advise the Agent if any of such representations
and warranties will not be true and correct as of the Settlement Date for the Shares relating to such Issuance Notice, as though made
at and as of each such date (except that such representations and warranties shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus as amended and supplemented relating to such Shares).

(p) Deliverables at
Triggering Event Dates; Certificates. The Company agrees that on or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and, during the
term of this Agreement after the date of the first Issuance Notice, upon:

(A) the filing of the Prospectus
or the amendment or supplement of any Registration Statement or Prospectus (other than a prospectus supplement relating solely to an offering
of securities other than the Shares or a prospectus filed pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii)(B)), by means of a post-effective amendment,
sticker or supplement, but not by means of incorporation of documents by reference into the Registration Statement or Prospectus;

(B) the filing with the
Commission of an annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q (including any Form 10-K/A or Form 10-Q/A
containing amended financial information or a material amendment to the previously filed annual report on Form 10-K or quarterly
report on Form 10-Q), in each case, of the Company; or

(C) the filing with the
Commission of a current report on Form 8-K of the Company (i) containing amended financial information (other than information
furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K
relating to reclassification of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 144) and/or (ii) disclosing any material transaction requiring the filing of historical or pro forma financial statements
under Item 9.01 of Form 8-K and subject to the guidance set forth in Section 2050.3 of the Financial Reporting Manual of the
Commission which is material to the offering of securities of the Company in the Agents reasonable discretion;

(any such event, a Triggering Event
Date), the Company shall furnish the Agent (but in the case of clause (C) above only if the Agent reasonably determines
that the information contained in such current report on Form 8-K of the Company is material to the offering of securities of the
Company) with a certificate as of the Triggering Event Date, in the form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, substantially
similar to the form previously provided to the Agent and its counsel, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration Statement
and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented, (A) confirming that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in
this Agreement are true and correct, (B) confirming that the Company has performed all of its obligations hereunder to be performed
on or prior to the date of such certificate and as to the matters set forth in Section 5(a)(iii) hereof, and (C) containing
any other certification that the Agent shall reasonably request. The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 4(p) shall
be waived for any Triggering Event Date occurring at a time when no Issuance Notice is pending or a suspension is in effect, which waiver
shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Company delivers instructions for the sale of Shares hereunder (which for such
calendar quarter shall be considered a Triggering Event Date) and the next occurring Triggering Event Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the Company subsequently decides to sell Shares following a Triggering Event Date when a suspension was in effect and did not provide
the Agent with a certificate under this Section 4(p), then before the Company delivers the instructions for the sale of Shares
or the Agent sells any Shares pursuant to such instructions, the Company shall provide the Agent with a certificate in conformity with
this Section 4(p) dated as of the date that the instructions for the sale of Shares are issued.

(q) Legal Opinions.
On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and on or prior to each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is
obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date
of this Agreement, the Company shall cause to be furnished a negative assurances letter and the written legal opinion of Cooley LLP, U.S.
counsel to the Company, Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP, Canadian counsel to the Company, and Clark & Elbing LLP, intellectual
property counsel to the Company, each dated the date of delivery, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and its counsel,
substantially similar to the form previously provided to the Agent and its counsel, modified, as necessary, to relate to the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented. In lieu of such opinions for subsequent periodic filings, in the discretion
of the Agent, the Company may furnish a reliance letter from such counsel to the Agent, permitting the Agent to rely on a previously delivered
opinion letter, modified as appropriate for any passage of time or Triggering Event Date (except that statements in such prior opinion
shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus as amended or supplemented as of such Triggering Event Date).

(r) Comfort Letter.
On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and on or prior to each Triggering Event Date with respect to which the Company is
obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable and excluding the date
of this Agreement, the Company shall cause PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who has audited
the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, to furnish the Agent a comfort letter, dated
the date of delivery, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel, substantially similar to the form previously
provided to the Agent and its counsel; provided, however, that any such comfort letter will only be required on the Triggering Event Date
specified to the extent that it contains financial statements filed with the Commission under the Exchange Act and incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated by reference into a Prospectus. If requested by the Agent, the Company shall also cause a comfort letter to be furnished
to the Agent on the date of occurrence of any material transaction or event requiring the filing of a current report on Form 8-K
containing material amended financial information of the Company, including the restatement of the Companys financial statements.
The Company shall be required to furnish no more than one comfort letter hereunder per calendar quarter.

(s) Secretarys
Certificate. On or prior to the date of the first Issuance Notice and on or prior to each Triggering Event Date with respect to which
the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 4(p) for which no waiver is applicable, the Company
shall furnish the Agent a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, signing in such capacity, dated the date of delivery (i) certifying
that attached thereto are true and complete copies of the resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation,
the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement), which authorization shall be in full force and effect on and as of the date of
such certificate, (ii) certifying and attesting to the office, incumbency, due authority and specimen signatures of each Person who
executed this Agreement for or on behalf of the Company, and (iii) containing any other certification that the Agent shall reasonably
request.

(t) Agents
Own Account; Clients Account. The Company consents to the Agent trading, in compliance with applicable law, in the Common Shares
for the Agents own account and for the account of its clients at the same time as sales of the Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement.

(u) Investment Limitation.
The Company shall not invest, or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from its sale of the Shares in such a manner as would
require the Company or the Subsidiary to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

(v) Market Activities.
The Company has taken, nor will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected to cause
or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Shares or any other reference security, whether to facilitate the sale
or resale of the Shares or otherwise, and the Company will, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of its Affiliates
to, comply with all applicable provisions of Regulation M. If the limitations of Rule 102 of Regulation M (Rule 102)
do not apply with respect to the Shares or any other reference security pursuant to any exception set forth in Section (d) of
Rule 102, then promptly upon notice from the Agent (or, if later, at the time stated in the notice), the Company will, and shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause each of its Affiliates to, comply with Rule 102 as though such exception were not available
but the other provisions of Rule 102 (as interpreted by the Commission) did apply. The Company shall promptly notify the Agent if
it no longer meets the requirements set forth in Section (d) of Rule 102.

(w) Notice of Other
Sale. Without the written consent of the Agent, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell, sell, contract to sell,
grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares (other
than Shares hereunder), warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire Common Shares, or effect a reverse stock split, recapitalization,
share consolidation, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the outstanding Common Shares, during the period beginning on the
third Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which any Issuance Notice is delivered to the Agent hereunder and ending on the earlier
of (i) the third Trading Day immediately following the Settlement Date with respect to Shares sold pursuant to such Issuance Notice
or (ii) the Trading Day after the date that Company or Agent provide notice of suspension of sale of shares pursuant to Section 3(b)(vi);
and will not directly or indirectly enter into any other at the market or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell,
contract to sell, grant any option to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Shares (other than the Shares offered pursuant to this Agreement)
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Shares prior to
the termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that such restrictions will not be required in connection with the Companys
(i) offer, issuance or sale of Common Shares, options to purchase Common Shares or Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of options
or other equity awards pursuant to any employee or director share option, incentive or benefit plan, share purchase or ownership plan,
long-term incentive plan, dividend reinvestment plan, inducement award under the rules of the Principal Market or other compensation
plan of the Company or the Subsidiary, as in effect on the date of this Agreement, (ii) issuance or sale of Common Shares issuable
upon exchange, conversion or redemption of securities or the exercise or vesting of warrants, options or other equity awards outstanding
at the date of this Agreement, (iii) issuance or sale of Common Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common
Shares as consideration for mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations, joint ventures, collaborations, licensing arrangements
or strategic alliances occurring after the date of this Agreement and not used for capital raising purposes, and (iv) modification
of any outstanding options, warrants of any rights to purchase or acquire Common Shares; provided that, in the case of clause (iii), the
aggregate number of Common Shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Shares issued in connection with all such
acquisitions and other transactions does not exceed 5% of the aggregate number of Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to such
transaction.

Section 5. CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF ISSUANCE
NOTICES AND TO SETTLEMENT

(a) Conditions Precedent
to the Right of the Company to Deliver an Issuance Notice and the Obligation of the Agent to Sell Shares. The right of the Company
to deliver an Issuance Notice hereunder is subject to the satisfaction, on the date of delivery of such Issuance Notice, and the obligation
of the Agent to use its commercially reasonable efforts to place Shares during the applicable period set forth in the Issuance Notice
is subject to the satisfaction, on each Trading Day during the applicable period set forth in the Issuance Notice, of each of the following
conditions:

(i) Accuracy of the Companys Representations and Warranties; Performance by the Company. The representations and warranties
of the Company contained in this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of the Issuance Notice (other than representations and
warranties made as of a specific date that shall be true and correct as of such date), and the Company shall have delivered the certificate
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4(p) on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required
pursuant to Section 4(p). The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to such date, including, but not limited
to, the covenants contained in Section 4(q), Section 4(r) and Section 4(s).

(ii) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, and no proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of prohibiting or materially adversely affecting
any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(iii) Material Adverse Changes. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Time of Sale Information, (a) in the judgment
of the Agent there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and (b) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor
shall any notice have been given by the Company of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does
not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or the Subsidiary by any nationally
recognized statistical rating organization as such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act.

(iv) No Suspension of Trading in or Delisting of Common Shares; Other Events. The trading of the Common Shares (including without
limitation the Shares) shall not have been suspended by the Commission, the Principal Market or FINRA and the Common Shares (including
without limitation the Shares) shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall not have been delisted from the Nasdaq Stock
Market, the New York Stock Exchange or any of their constituent markets. There shall not have occurred (and be continuing in the case
of occurrences under clauses (i) and (ii) below) any of the following: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys
securities shall have been suspended or limited by the Commission or by the Principal Market or trading in securities generally on the
Principal Market either shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any
of such stock exchanges by the Commission or FINRA; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of U.S. or
Canadian federal or New York or Qubec, authorities; or (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national
or international hostilities or any crisis or calamity, or any change in the United States, Canadian or international financial markets,
or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States, Canadian or international
political, financial or economic conditions, as in the judgment of the Agent is material and adverse and makes it impracticable to market
the Shares in the manner and on the terms described in the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities.

(v) Section 12 Authorization. Any order or notice of approval granted or otherwise issued by the AMF under Section 12
of the Securities Act (Qubec) (the Qubec Securities Act) shall remain in full force and effect
or the Company shall be entitled to rely on the non-objection of the AMF within the time period prescribed by Section 12 of the Qubec
Securities Act to make sales of Common Shares to persons established outside the Province of Qubec, Canada.

(b) Documents Required
to be Delivered on each Issuance Notice Date. The Agents obligation to use its commercially reasonable efforts to place Shares
hereunder shall additionally be conditioned upon the delivery to the Agent on or before the Issuance Notice Date of a certificate in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, executed by the Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, to the effect that all conditions to the delivery of such Issuance Notice shall have been satisfied as at the date of such certificate
as required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4(p) (which certificate shall not be required if the foregoing representations
shall be set forth in the Issuance Notice).

(c) No Misstatement
or Material Omission. The Agent shall not have advised the Company that the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Time of
Sale Information, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains an untrue statement of fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion
is material, or omits to state a fact that in the Agents reasonable opinion is material and is required to be stated therein or
is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(d) Agent Counsel
Legal Opinions. The Agent shall have received from Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale & Dorr LLP, U.S. counsel to the Agent, such
opinion or opinions, on or before the date on which the delivery of the Company counsel legal opinions are required pursuant to Section 4(q),
with respect to such matters as Agent may reasonably require, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel such documents as they
reasonably request for enabling them to pass upon such matters.

Section 6. INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

(a) Indemnification
of the Agent. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent, its officers and employees, and each person, if any, who
controls the Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense,
as incurred, to which the Agent or such officer, employee or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act, other federal or state or provincial statutory law or regulation, or the laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions where Shares
have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation), insofar as such loss, claim, damage,
liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto, including any information
deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required
to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or the omission
or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading; and to reimburse the Agent and each such officer, employee and controlling person for any and all
reasonable expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Agent) as such expenses are
reasonably incurred and documented by the Agent or such officer, employee or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending,
settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity
agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based
upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by the Agent expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any such Free Writing Prospectus or
the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by the
Agent to the Company consists of the information described in subsection (b) below. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 6(a) shall
be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have.

(b) Indemnification
of the Company and its Directors and Officers. The Agent agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls
the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred,
to which the Company, or any such director, officer, or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act, or other federal or state or provincial statutory law or regulation, or the laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions where
Shares have been offered or sold, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any
litigation,), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out
of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement,
or any amendment thereto, including any information deemed to be a part thereof pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities
Act, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in any Free Writing Prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant
to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or the omission or alleged omission
to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement, Free Writing Prospectus
or the Prospectus (or any such amendment or supplement), in reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to the Agent
furnished to the Company by the Agent expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer, or controlling
person for any and all reasonable expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses
are reasonably incurred and documented by the Company, or any such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with investigating,
defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges
that the only information that the Agent has furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Free Writing
Prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act or the Prospectus
(or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing) consists of the information set forth in the first sentence of the ninth paragraph under
the caption Plan of Distribution in the Prospectus. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 6(b) shall
be in addition to any liabilities that the Agent may otherwise have.

(c) Notifications
and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 6 of notice
of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party
under this Section 6, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission so to notify
the indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution
or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6 or to the extent the indemnifying party is
not prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified
party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in, and, to
the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified
party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and
the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded based on the advice of counsel that a conflict may arise
between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may
be legal defenses available to it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying
party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise
participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying
party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense of such action and approval by the
indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 6
for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof unless (i) the
indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence (it being understood,
however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local
counsel), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action), which counsel (together with any local counsel) for the
indemnified parties shall be selected by the Agent (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in Section 6(a) above),
(ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party
within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or (iii) the indemnifying party has authorized in writing the
employment of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party, in each of which cases the fees and expenses
of counsel shall be at the expense of the indemnifying party and shall be paid as they are incurred.

(d) Settlements.
The indemnifying party under this Section 6 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without
its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees
to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party
for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 6(b) hereof, the indemnifying party shall be liable
for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 30 days
after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request; and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the
indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior
written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened
action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been
sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of such indemnified
party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding.

(e) Contribution.
If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is for any reason held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient
to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each
indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, from the offering of the Shares pursuant to this
Agreement; or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as
is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company,
on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed
to be in the same respective proportions as the total gross proceeds from the offering of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total Selling Commission received by the Agent. The relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by
the Company, on the one hand, or the Agent, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

The amount paid or payable
by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 6(c), any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in
connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 6(c) with respect
to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 6(c);
provided, however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under
Section 6(c) for purposes of indemnification.

The Company and the Agent agree that it would not
be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 6(e) were determined by pro rata allocation or by
any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 6(e).

Notwithstanding the provisions
of this Section 6(e), the Agent shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the Selling Commission received
by the Agent in connection with the offering contemplated hereby. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning
of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 6(e), each officer and employee of the Agent and each person, if any,
who controls the Agent within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the
Agent, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who
controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company.

Section 7. TERMINATION & SURVIVAL

(a) Term. Subject
to the provisions of this Section 7, the term of this Agreement shall continue from the date of this Agreement until
the end of the Agency Period, unless earlier terminated by the parties to this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.

(b) Termination; Survival
Following Termination.

(i) Either party may terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Agency Period, by giving written
notice as required by this Agreement, upon ten (10) Trading Days notice to the other party; provided that, (A) if
the Company terminates this Agreement after the Agent confirms to the Company any sale of Shares, the Company shall remain obligated
to comply with Section 3(b)(v) with respect to such Shares and (B) Section 2, Section 6, Section 7
and Section 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement. If termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date
for any sale of Shares, such sale shall nevertheless settle in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(ii) In addition to the survival provision of Section 7(b)(i), the respective indemnities, agreements, representations,
warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the Agent set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent or the Company or any of its or their
partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, will
survive delivery of and payment for the Shares sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement.

Section 8. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) Press Releases
and Disclosure. The Company may issue a press release describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby as soon
as practicable following the date of this Agreement, and may file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K, with this Agreement
attached as an exhibit thereto, describing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Company shall consult with
the Agent prior to making such disclosures, and the parties hereto shall use all commercially reasonable efforts, acting in good faith,
to agree upon a text for such disclosures that is reasonably satisfactory to all parties hereto. No party hereto shall issue thereafter
any press release or like public statement (including, without limitation, any disclosure required in reports filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act) related to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written approval
of the other party hereto, except as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the party seeking to make disclosure
to comply with the requirements of applicable law or stock exchange rules. If any such press release or like public statement is so required,
the party making such disclosure shall consult with the other party prior to making such disclosure, and the parties shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts, acting in good faith, to agree upon a text for such disclosure that is reasonably satisfactory to all parties hereto.

(b) No Advisory or
Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
the determination of any fees, are arms-length commercial transactions between the Company and the Agent, (ii) when acting
as a principal under this Agreement, the Agent is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company,
or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (iii) the Agent has not assumed nor will assume an advisory or fiduciary
responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective
of whether the Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and the Agent does not have any obligation to
the Company with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) the
Agent and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company,
and (v) the Agent has not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate.

(c) Research Analyst
Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Agents research analysts and research departments are required to and should
be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and as
such the Agents research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports
with respect to the Company or the offering contemplated by this Agreement that differ from the views of their respective investment banking
divisions. The Company understands that the Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable
securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt
or equity securities of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) Notices. All
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered, sent via electronic mail (if applicable) or telecopied
and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the Agent:

Jefferies LLC

520 Madison Avenue

New York, NY 10022

Facsimile:

Attention: General Counsel

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP

7 World Trade Center

250 Greenwich Street

New York, New York 10007

Facsimile: (212) 230-8888

Attention: Lisa Firenze

If to the Company:

Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc.

1111, Dr. Frederik-Philips Blvd.

Suite 420

Montral, Qubec H4M 2XC

Attention: Joseph G. Oliveto, President and CEO

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Cooley LLP

500 Boylston Street

Boston, Massachusetts 02116

Facsimile: (617) 937-2400

Attention: Ryan Sansom

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt
of communications by giving written notice to the others in accordance with this Section 8(d).

(e) Successors.
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and to the benefit of the employees, officers and
directors and controlling persons referred to in Section 6, and in each case their respective successors, and no other
person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Shares as
such from the Agent merely by reason of such purchase.

(f) Partial Unenforceability.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any Article, Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other Article, Section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any Article, Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement
is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor
changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

(g) Recognition of
U.S. Special Resolutions Regimes. In the event that the Agent is a Covered Entity and becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S.
Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from the Agent of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement,
will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and
any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event that the
Agent is a Covered Entity and the Agent or a BHC Act Affiliate of the Agent becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution
Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against the Agent are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent
than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the
United States or a state of the United States. For purposes of this Agreement, (A) BHC Act Affiliate has the
meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (B) Covered
Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with,
12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 382.2(b); (C) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted
in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and (D) U.S. Special Resolution Regime
means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

(h) Governing Law
Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable
to agreements made and to be performed in such state. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the Borough
of Manhattan in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City
of New York (collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
(except for proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a judgment of any such court, as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive)
of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys
address set forth above shall be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The
parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified
Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or other
proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. The Company has irrevocably appointed Milestone Pharmaceuticals
USA Inc., which currently maintains an office at 6000 Fairview Road, Suite 1200, Charlotte, North Carolina 28210-2252, United States
of America, as its agent to receive service of process or other legal summons for purposes of any such suit, action or proceeding that
may be instituted in any state or federal court in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York.

(i) General Provisions.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous
oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument, and may be delivered by facsimile transmission or by electronic delivery of a portable document format (PDF) file. The words
execution, execute, signed, sign, signature, and words of like import
in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed
to include electronic signatures, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity
or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper- based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent
and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York
State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. This Agreement
may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived
unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The Article and Section headings herein are for
the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Immediately Follows]

If the foregoing is in accordance
with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument,
along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms

Very truly yours,

MILESTONE PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

By: /s/Amit Hasija

Name: Amit Hasija

Title: Chief Financial Officer

The foregoing Agreement is hereby confirmed and
accepted by the Agent in New York, New York as of the date first above written.

JEFFERIES LLC 

By: /s/Michael Magarro 

Name: Michael Magarro 

Title: Managing Director 

EXHIBIT A

ISSUANCE NOTICE

[Date]

Jefferies LLC

520 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Attn: [__________]

Reference is made to the Amended & Restated
Open Market Sale Agreement between Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company) and Jefferies LLC (the Agent)
dated as of March ___, 2025. The Company confirms that all conditions to the delivery of this Issuance Notice are satisfied as of
the date hereof.

Date of Delivery of Issuance Notice (determined pursuant to Section 3(b)(i)):
_______________________

Issuance Amount (equal to the total Sales Price for such Shares):

$

Number of days in selling period:

First date of selling period:

Last date of selling period:

Settlement Date(s) if other than standard T+1 settlement:

Floor Price Limitation (in no event less than
$1.00 without the prior written consent of the Agent, which consent may be withheld in the Agents sole discretion): $ ____ per
share

Comments:

By: 

Name:

Title:

Schedule A

Notice Parties

The Company

Joseph Oliveto

Amit Hasija

The Agent

Donald Lynaugh

Michael Magarro

Matthew Kim
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm259429d2_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP

1000 De La Gauchetire Street West

Suite 2100

Montral, Qubec, Canada H3B 4W5

514.904.8100 main

514.904.8101 facsimile 

Montral

Toronto

Calgary

Ottawa

Vancouver

New York

March 18, 2025

Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

1111
Dr. Frederik-Philips Boulevard

Suite 420

Montreal, Qubec

H4M 2X6

Dear Sirs/Mesdames:

Re: Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. Prospectus Supplement
to Registration Statement on Form S-3

We have acted as Canadian counsel to Milestone
Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Corporation), a corporation governed by the Business Corporations Act (Qubec),
in connection with the preparation of a prospectus supplement dated March 18, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to
the Corporations prospectus dated November 12, 2024 (together with the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus)
relating to the sale by the Corporation of common shares of the Corporation (the Shares) having an aggregate offering
price of up to US$77,800,000 pursuant to the Open Market Sale AgreementSM (the Sales Agreement) entered
into between the Corporation and Jefferies LLC, as agent and/or principal thereunder. The Prospectus forms a part of the Corporations
registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-283162) (the Registration Statement) filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which was declared
effective under the Securities Act on November 22, 2025.

We have examined the Registration Statement, the
Prospectus and the Sales Agreement and all such corporate and public records, statutes and regulations and have made such investigations
and have reviewed such other documents as we have deemed relevant and necessary and have considered such questions of law as we have considered
relevant and necessary in order to give the opinion hereinafter set forth. As to various questions of fact material to such opinions which
were not independently established, we have relied upon a certificate of an officer of the Corporation.

Page 2

In reviewing the foregoing documents and in giving
this opinion, we have assumed (a) the legal capacity of all individuals, the genuineness of all signatures, the veracity of the information
contained therein, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to authentic or original documents
of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed, electronic, photostatic or facsimile copies and (b) the completeness, truth
and accuracy of all facts set forth in the official public records, certificates and documents supplied by public officials or otherwise
conveyed to us by public officials.

We are qualified to practice law in the Province
of Qubec and this opinion is rendered solely with respect to the Province of Qubec and the federal laws of Canada applicable
in the Province of Qubec.

Where our opinion expressed herein refers to the
Shares having been issued as being fully-paid and non-assessable common shares of the Corporation, such opinion assumes
that all required consideration (in whatever form) has been paid or provided. No opinion is expressed as to the adequacy of any consideration
received.

On the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion
that, when the Shares will have been issued and sold pursuant to the terms of the Sales Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable.

We consent to the reference to our firm under
the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form
8-K to be filed with the SEC for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement.

Yours very truly,

(signed)
Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP

Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mist-20250318.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mist-20250318_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mist-20250318_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm259429d2_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm259429d2_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 18, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 18, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38899

Entity Registrant Name MILESTONE
PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001408443

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A8

Entity Address, Address Line One 1111
Dr. Frederik-Philips Boulevard

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite
420

Entity Address, City or Town Montral

Entity Address, State or Province QC

Entity Address, Country CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code H4M
2X6

City Area Code 514

Local Phone Number 336-0444

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares

Trading Symbol MIST

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://milestonepharma.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

mist-20250318.xsd 
mist-20250318_lab.xml 
mist-20250318_pre.xml 
tm259429d2_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-025055-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm259429d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001408443 

2025-03-18 
2025-03-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001408443 
A8 
00-0000000 
QC 
8-K 
2025-03-18 
MILESTONE PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
001-38899 
1111 Dr. Frederik-Philips Boulevard 
Suite 420 
Montral 
CA 
H4M 2X6 
514 
336-0444 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares 
MIST 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>