<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-006768.txt : 20250127
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-006768.hdr.sgml : 20250127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250127091312
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-006768
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250124
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39291
		FILM NUMBER:		25555930

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3920 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			EDISON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 225-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3920 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			EDISON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08820

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B. Riley Principal Merger Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200227
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0228729-8k_eos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000180507700018050772025-01-242025-01-240001805077EOSE:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-01-242025-01-240001805077EOSE:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-01-242025-01-24iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
January 24, 2025

EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39291 84-4290188

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3920 Park Avenue

Edison, New Jersey08820

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (732) 225-8400

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share EOSE The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock EOSEW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

As previously disclosed, on
June 21, 2024, Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc. (the Company) entered into a credit and guaranty agreement, as subsequently
amended by that certain omnibus amendment entered into on November 26, 2024 (as so amended, the Credit Agreement), by and
among the Company, certain of the Companys subsidiaries as guarantors party thereto, CCM Denali Debt Holdings, LP, acting through
Cerberus Capital Management II, L.P. (Cerberus), as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders party thereto
from time to time (the Lenders), pursuant to which the Lenders have provided a $210.5 million secured multi-draw facility
(the Delayed Draw Term Loan) to be made in four installments, and a $105 million revolving credit facility, to be made available
at the Lenders sole discretion and only if the Delayed Draw Term Loan is fully funded, on terms and subject to conditions set forth
in the Credit Agreement. For additional terms of the Credit Agreement and the Delayed Draw Term Loan, please see the Companys Current
Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 24, 2024 (the Initial Filing) and December
3, 2024. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Initial Filing.

Upon each draw under the Delayed
Draw Term Loan, the Company issued Warrants and/or Preferred Stock (each as defined in the Initial Filing) in amounts representing predetermined,
fully diluted, percentages (an Applicable Percentage) of Company common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock). Upon any failure to achieve a milestone, in addition to not being able to receive a draw on the Delayed Draw Term Loan
unless waived by the Lenders, the Applicable Percentage will be subject to up to a 4.0% increase for all milestone events as to each of
the remaining milestone measurement dates.

Pursuant to the Delayed
Draw Term Loan, the Lenders previously funded $75 million on June 21, 2024, $30 million on August 29, 2024 and $65 million on
October 31, 2024. In connection with such draws, the Lenders were previously issued the Initial Warrant (as defined in the Initial
Filing) and Preferred Stock that converted into 31.940063 shares of non-voting Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (Series B-1 Preferred Stock), which shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock are convertible into an
aggregate of 31,940,063 shares of Common Stock, 28.806463 shares of non-voting Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (Series B-2 Preferred Stock), which shares of Series B-2 Preferred Stock are convertible into an
aggregate of 28,806,463 shares of Common Stock and 38.259864 shares of non-voting Series B-3 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (Series B-3 Preferred Stock), which shares of Series B-3 Preferred Stock are convertible into an
aggregate of 38,259,864 shares of Common Stock.

On January 23, 2025, the Company
and Cerberus mutually confirmed that the Company satisfied all four applicable performance milestones comprising the third milestone (the
Third Milestone) for the January 31, 2025 milestone measurement date (the Third Milestone Measurement Date),
related to the Companys automated line, materials cost, Z3 technology and backlog/cash conversion, pursuant to the terms of the
Credit Agreement. On January 23, 2025, the Company submitted a borrowing request under the Credit Agreement, and, on January 24, 2025,
the Lenders funded the full amount of the scheduled $40.5 million draw under the Delayed Draw Term Loan, completing the fundings under
the Delayed Draw Term Loan.

In connection with the final
scheduled draw and pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase
Agreement), dated June 21, 2024, by and between the Company and Cerberus, the Applicable Percentage increased by 2.1%, and as a
result the Company issued to Cerberus 16.150528 shares of a newly designated non-voting Series B-4 Convertible Preferred Stock, par value
$0.0001 per share (the Series B-4 Preferred Stock), which are convertible into an aggregate of 16,150,528 shares of Common
Stock. Collectively, the Initial Warrant issued on June 21, 2024, the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the
Series B-2 Preferred Stock, the Series B-3 Preferred Stock and the Series B-4 Preferred Stock (the Cerberus Securities)
are exercisable or convertible into, as applicable, an aggregate of 158,433,112 shares of Common Stock, or an Applicable Percentage of
33.0%. For additional terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, please see the Initial Filing.

As a result of meeting the
Third Milestone, if the Company fails to meet all of the remaining milestones as of the final milestone measurement date under the Delayed
Draw Term Loan, Cerberus would be entitled to receive Preferred Stock or Warrants aggregating to a maximum Applicable Percentage of 37.0%
(originally 49.0%), or assuming the number of the Companys outstanding shares of Common Stock on a fully diluted basis does not
change after January 23, 2025, Preferred Stock and Warrants with respect to an aggregate of 188,915,674 shares of Common Stock, including
the Cerberus Securities already issued to Cerberus. Such shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants are directly or indirectly convertible
into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, subject only to a beneficial ownership cap of 49.9% of the issued and outstanding Common
Stock of the Company.

1

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information in Item 2.03
of this Current Report on Form 8-K (this Report) related to the issuance of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock and the convertibility
of the Cerberus Securities into Common Stock is incorporated by reference herein.

The issuance of the Series
B-4 Preferred Stock was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and was issued
in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of
Security Holders. 

The information set forth
in Item 5.03 related to the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation (as defined below) and Exhibit 3.1 is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 24, 2025, the Company
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware the Certificate of Designation of Series B-4 Non-Voting Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 (the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation).

Under the terms of the Series
B-4 Certificate of Designation, each share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock has an original issue price of $5,990,000 (the B-4 Original
Issue Price). Each full share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock is initially convertible into 1.0 million shares of Common Stock. Holders
of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends or distributions on each share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock equal
to dividends or distributions actually paid on each share of Common Stock on an as-converted basis.

In the event of a voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive
distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company pro rata with the holders of the Common Stock and any other holders
of the preferred stock of the Company issued pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement and the Credit Agreement, including the Series
B-4 Preferred Stock (the Investor Preferred Stock), in an amount equal to such amount per share as would have been payable
had all shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock been converted to Common Stock.

Under the terms of the Series
B-4 Certificate of Designation, at all times when the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock beneficially own at least 10.0% of the capital
stock of the Company (subject to adjustment as indicated in the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation), such holders of Investor Preferred
Stock of the Company, exclusively and voting together as a separate class, will have the right to appoint one (1) director to the board
of directors of the Company (the Board). At all times holders of the Investor Preferred Stock beneficially own at least
15.0% of the capital stock of the Company (subject to adjustment as indicated in the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation), such holders
of the Investor Preferred Stock, exclusively and voting together as a separate class, will have the right to appoint a second director
to the Board. At all times holders of the Investor Preferred Stock beneficially own at least 30.0% of the capital stock of the Company
(subject to adjustment as indicated in the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation), such holders of the Investor Preferred Stock, exclusively
and voting together as a separate class, will have the right to appoint a third director to the Board. At all times holders of the Investor
Preferred Stock beneficially own at least 40.0% of the capital stock of the Company (subject to adjustment as indicated in the Series
B-4 Certificate of Designation), such holders of the Investor Preferred Stock, exclusively and voting together as a separate class, will
have the right to nominate and designate a fourth director, who shall be designated by the Board or the nominating committee of the Board
to a class of common directors and thereafter stand for election as a common director on the Board; provided that, the nominating committee
of the Board determines that such appointment of the fourth director not result in a change of control under any Company governing documents
or violate any applicable laws, including requirements of the SEC and Nasdaq. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Certificate of Designation of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Certificate of Designation of Series B-2 Preferred Stock,
the Certificate of Designation of Series B-3 Preferred Stock, and the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation, any such fourth director
appointment shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock with the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, including the submission of any required filings and the expiration or termination of any applicable
waiting periods. In the event that any such fourth director is not approved by the stockholders of the Company at the applicable annual
meeting of stockholders, the holders of record of the shares of Investor Preferred Stock will have the right to appoint and elect a replacement
for such director, pursuant to the approval requirements set forth above. To the extent any of such directors qualify to serve on any
committees of the Board, for each such committee for which at least one (1) director is qualified, such director will be invited to serve
on such committee of the Board. So long as the holders of Investor Preferred Stock have a right to appoint a director, the holders thereof
will have the right to appoint a non-voting observer to the Board. At all times when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock have a right
to appoint a director, the holders of Investor Preferred Stock shall not vote any shares of Common Stock they receive upon the conversion
of any Investor Preferred Stock or the exercise of any warrants in any election of directors.

2

At any time after January
24, 2030, the outstanding shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock held by any holder become redeemable for cash at the redemption price.
The redemption price will be an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the B-4 Original Issue Price, plus all accrued and unpaid
dividends thereon, up to and including the date of redemption and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
the applicable Series B-4 Preferred Stock multiplied by the average of the closing sale price of the Common Stock for the five (5) business
days immediately prior to the date of redemption plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, up to and including the date of redemption.
Subject to certain excluded issuances, the Series B-4 Preferred Stock is subject to anti-dilution protection in the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion.

Until the later of (i) such
time when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock shall no longer beneficially own at least 5% of the outstanding capital stock of the
Company and (ii) January 24, 2030, the Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall have certain other protective provisions including, among others,
limiting the ability of the Company to perform any of the following without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of the Investor
Preferred Stock: (i) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of the Company or effect any event that requires a distribution
to the Companys stockholders in accordance to their liquidation preference, or any other merger, consolidation, statutory conversion,
transfer, domestication or continuance; (ii) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the certificate of formation or bylaws of the Company
in a manner that adversely affects the special rights, powers and preferences of the Investor Preferred Stock (or any series thereof);
(iii) create or issue or obligate itself to issue shares of, or reclassify, any capital stock other than Excluded Issuances (as defined
in the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation); (iv) increase or decrease the authorized number of shares of Investor Preferred Stock,
or create any additional class or series of capital stock of the Company (other than increases in the number of authorized shares of Common
Stock); or (v) purchase or redeem (or permit any subsidiary to purchase or redeem) or pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution
on, any shares of capital stock of the Company other than (a) redemptions of or dividends or distributions on the Investor Preferred Stock
as expressly authorized therein or in the certificate of designation of any Investor Preferred Stock, and (b) dividends or other distributions
payable on the Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock.

The Series B-4 Certificate
of Designation also contains preemptive rights to participate in certain future equity offerings by the Company. If the Company proposes
to offer or sell any New Securities (as defined in the Series B-4 Certificate of Designation), the Company shall first offer such New
Securities to the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock. The holder shall be entitled to participate in such offering of New Securities
on a pro rata basis, determined by dividing (i) the number of shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock, on an as converted basis, held by
such holder, by (ii) the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding at the time of such offering plus the number of
shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock outstanding, on an as converted basis.

The foregoing description
of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Series B-4 Certificate of Designation, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

3

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On January 27, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the satisfaction of all four applicable performance milestones comprising the Third Milestone ahead
of the Third Milestone Measurement Date, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement. A copy of the Companys press release is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The information in Item 7.01
of this Report, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that
section. Further, the information in Item 7.01 of this Report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Forward-Looking Statements

Except for the historical
information contained herein, the matters set forth in this Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe,
continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might,
plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should,
would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on our managements beliefs, as well as assumptions made
by, and information currently available to, them. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future financial and operating
results and are not statements of fact, actual results may differ materially from those projected.

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are subject to risks, uncertainties, and factors, including those more described in the Companys most
recent filings with the SEC, including the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q
and 8-K, that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Further information on potential risks that could
affect actual results will be included in the subsequent periodic and current reports and other filings that the Company makes with the
SEC from time to time. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks and uncertainties
may emerge that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Report.

Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and, except as
required by law, the Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

Item 9.01 Financial Statement and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Series B-4 Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock.

99.1 Press release, dated January 27, 2025, issued by Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc. (furnished pursuant to Item 7.01).

104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document). 

4

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC.

Dated: January 27, 2025 By: /s/ Nathan Kroeker

Name: Nathan Kroeker

Title: Chief Financial Officer

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022872901ex3-1_eos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES B-4 NON-VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

OF

SERIES B-4 NON-VOTING CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
STOCK

OF

EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC.

(Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware)

The undersigned, Michael Silberman,
the Secretary of Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), does hereby certify, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation,
and as its corporate act, that in accordance with the Corporations Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws),
the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Corporation has adopted the following preamble and resolution at
a meeting of the Board held on June 21, 2024:

WHEREAS, the Third Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on November
16, 2020, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 28, 2022 and that certain Second Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 8, 2024 (as amended, the Restated Certificate)
provides for a class of shares of stock designated Preferred Stock, issuable from time to time in one or more
series, and vests in the Board of the Corporation the authority to fix the number of shares to be included in each such series and to
fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any,
of each such series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED
that there shall be a series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation to be designated as follows and that the powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series of Preferred Stock and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof shall be as follows:

SECTION
1. Designation. There is hereby provided a series of Preferred Stock designated the Series B-4 Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series B-4 Preferred Stock).

SECTION
2. Number. The number of shares constituting the Series B-4 Preferred Stock is fixed at sixteen and one hundred fifty
thousand five hundred and twenty-eight millionths (16.150528) shares.

SECTION
3. Definitions. For purposes of this Certificate of Designation the following definitions shall apply:

3.1 Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly
or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

3.2 Alternative
Selection Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.3 Applicable
Shares shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.

3.4 Attribution
Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3.

3.5 Board
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

3.6 Board
Observer shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2(b).

3.7 Buy-In
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(c).

3.8 Change
of Control shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.

3.9 Closing
Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New
York City time, on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded, as reported by Bloomberg,
L.P. (or an equivalent, reliable reporting service mutually acceptable to and hereafter designated by holders of a majority of the then-outstanding
Investor Preferred Stock and the Corporation), or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter
market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, L.P., or, if no last trade price is reported for such
security by Bloomberg, L.P., the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security as reported on the OTC Pink Market by
OTC Markets Group, Inc. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases,
the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board. All such
determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar
transactions during such period.

3.10 Commission
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

3.11 Common
Stock shall mean the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of this Corporation.

3.12 Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

3.13 Conversion
Price shall mean the Original Issue Price divided by the Conversion Ratio.

3.14 Conversion
Ratio shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.

3.15 Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock
in accordance with the terms hereof.

3.16 Convertible
Securities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.

3.17 Corporation
means Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc.

3.18 Credit
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

3.19 Daily
Failure Amount means the product of (x) .005 multiplied by (y) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the applicable
Share Delivery Date.

3.20 Dispute
Submission Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.2.

3.21 Disputed
Calculation and Disputed Calculations shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.22 Disputing
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.23 Disputing
Partys Selection List shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.24 Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

3.25 Excluded
Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.4.

3.26 Final
Selection Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

2

3.27 Investor
Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

3.28 Investor
Related Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.

3.29 Investor
Transactions shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.

3.30 New
Securities shall have the manning set forth in Section 9.5(b).

3.31 Original
Issue Date means the date this Certificate of Designation is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

3.32 Original
Issue Price means $5,990,000 per share of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock.

3.33 Person
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation,
a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof.

3.34 Redemption
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2.

3.35 Redemption
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2.

3.36 Redemption
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.

3.37 Required
Dispute Documentation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.2.

3.38 Responding
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.39 Responding
Partys Selection List shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.40 Securities
means any Common Stock or any equity interest of, or shares of any class in the capital stock (common, preferred or otherwise) of, the
Corporation and any convertible securities, options, warrants and any other type of equity or equity-linked securities convertible, exercisable
or exchangeable for any such equity interest or shares of any class in the share capital of the Corporation.

3.41 Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

3.42 Securities
Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

3.43 Selection
Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

3.44 Series
B-4 Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.

3.45 Series
B-4 Preferred Stock Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.

3.46 Trading
Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded for any period on the principal securities exchange or if the Common
Stock is not traded on a principal securities exchange, on a day that the Common Stock is traded on another securities market on which
the Common Stock is then being traded.

3.47 Transfer
Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the current transfer agent of the Corporation, or any successor
transfer agent for the Corporation.

3

SECTION
4. Dividends. If and when the Board declares a dividend
or distribution, other than a dividend or distribution for Common Stock or Convertible Securities, which shall be paid to the holders
of Common Stock out of funds legally available for that purpose, the holders of shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to receive, dividends or distributions on each share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock equal to (on an as-if-converted-to-Common Stock basis
and in the same form as) dividends or distributions actually paid on each share of the Common Stock. Such dividends or distributions will
be paid to the holders of Series B-4 Preferred Stock when such dividends or distributions are paid on shares of the Common Stock. If the
Corporation does not have sufficient funds, assets or surplus, as the case may be, to pay the dividend or distribution required by this
Section 4 to holders of Series B-4 Preferred Stock, the dividend declared to holders of Common Stock shall be null and void in all respects.

SECTION
5. LIQUIDATION, DISSOLUTION OR WINDING UP .

5.1 In
the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to receive distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Corporation pro rata with the holders of
the Common Stock and any other Investor Preferred Stock (as defined below) so entitled, in an amount equal to such amount per share as
would have been payable had all shares of Series B Preferred Stock been converted to Common Stock pursuant to Section 7 immediately prior
to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, which amounts shall be paid pari passu with all holders of Common
Stock.

5.2 The
dollar amounts specified in Section 5.1 shall be equitably adjusted in the event of any stock dividends, combinations, splits, recapitalizations
and the like with respect to the Common Stock or the Series B-4 Preferred Stock and certain other issuances of equity which occur after
the filing of this Certificate of Designation pursuant to Section 9 hereof.

5.3 Insofar
as any distribution pursuant to Section 5.1 consists of property other than cash, the value thereof shall, for purposes of the provisions
of Section 5.1, be the fair value at the time of such distribution, as determined in good faith by the Board, and provided that any securities
shall be valued as follows:

(a) Securities
not subject to investment letter or other similar restrictions on free marketability covered by (b) below:

(i) If
traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the Closing Sale Price of the securities on such quotation
system over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the date of distribution;

(ii) If
actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable)
over the thirty (30) day period ending three (3) days prior to the date of distribution; and

(iii) If
there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board.

(b) The
method of valuation of securities subject to investment letter or other restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising
solely by virtue of a stockholders status as an Affiliate or former Affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the
market value determined as above in (a) (i), (ii) or (iii) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good
faith by the Board.

5.4 In
the event of (i) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation or other entity that results in the inability
of the shareholders of the Corporation immediately preceding such merger or consolidation to designate or elect a majority of the board
of directors (or its equivalent) of the resulting entity or its parent company, including any such merger or consolidation in which the
holders receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or (ii) the sale, lease or exchange (for cash, securities or other
property) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation to a third party purchaser ((i) or (ii), a Change
of Control), the Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall participate in any cash, securities or other property payable to the
shareholders of the Corporation in or as a consequence of such Change of Control pro rata with the holders of Common Stock as if each
share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock had been converted to Common Stock pursuant to Section 7 immediately prior to such event.

SECTION
6. Voting. 

6.1 General.
Except as required by applicable law and as set forth below, the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall not be entitled as such
to receive notice of or to attend any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or to vote at any such meeting or any matters of
the Corporation.

4

6.2 Election
of Directors; Board Observer Right.

(a) At
all times when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock shall beneficially own at least ten percent (10%) of the capital stock of the Corporation
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, or other similar recapitalization with
respect to the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock), the holders of record of the shares of Investor Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive
right, voting together as a separate class, to appoint and elect one (1) director of the Corporation. At all times when the holders of
Investor Preferred Stock shall beneficially own at least fifteen percent (15%) of the capital stock of the Corporation (subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Preferred
Stock or the Common Stock), the holders of record of the shares of Investor Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, voting together
as a separate class, to appoint and elect two (2) directors of the Corporation. At all times when the holders of the Investor Preferred
Stock shall beneficially own at least thirty percent (30%) of the capital stock of the Corporation (subject to appropriate adjustment
in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Preferred Stock or
the Common Stock), the holders of record of the shares of Investor Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, voting together as
a separate class, to appoint and elect three (3) directors of the Corporation. At all times when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock
beneficially own at least forty percent (40)% of the capital stock of the Corporation (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event
of any stock dividend, stock split, combination, or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Preferred Stock or the Common Stock),
the holders of record of the shares of Investor Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, voting together as a separate class, to
nominate and designate a fourth director of the Corporation, provided, however, that any fourth director proposed to be
appointed pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) would be subject to the reasonable, good faith review and determination of the nominating and
corporate governance committee of the Board (the Nominating Committee) that the election of such director
not result in either (i) the Corporation being in violation of any rules and regulations (including the independence and other director
qualification requirements) of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange on which the Corporations
securities are then listed or any other applicable law or (ii) a determination that such appointment would constitute a change in control
of the Company under the Companys governing documents or applicable law, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii)
as reasonably determined in good faith by the Nominating Committee upon the written advice of counsel (which such advice shall be shared
with the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock) and any such director following appointment shall be designated by the Nominating Committee
(or Board) to a class of common directors for approval by the stockholders of the Company at the applicable annual meeting of stockholders.
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designation of Series B-1 Preferred Stock,
the Certificate of Designation of Series B-2 Preferred Stock, the Certificate of Designation of Series B-3 Preferred Stock, and this Certificate
of Designation, any such fourth director appointment shall be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the holders of the Investor
Preferred Stock with the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, including the submission of any required filings and the
expiration or termination of any applicable waiting periods. In the event that any such fourth director designated pursuant to the foregoing
sentence is not approved by the stockholders of the Company at the applicable annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of record of
the shares of Investor Preferred Stock shall have the right to appoint and elect a replacement for such director, in each case pursuant
to the Nominating Committee approval requirements set forth above, which such director following Nominating Committee approval shall be
designated to the same class of common directors as the prior appointee for approval by the stockholders of the Company at the applicable
annual meeting of stockholders to approve directors of such class. To the extent one or more directors are appointed and elected as provided
in this Section 6.2(a) for each committee of the Board for which at least one such director is qualified under applicable law and the
rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the Corporations securities are then listed to serve, the Board
shall invite at least one such director, so qualified, to serve on such committee. The appointment and election of any director pursuant
to this Section 6.2(a) may be made by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of record of a majority of the Investor Preferred
Stock, given either at a special meeting of such stockholders duly called by such stockholders for that purpose or pursuant to a written
consent of such stockholders. Any director appointed and elected as provided in this Section 6.2(a) may be removed without cause by, and
only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Investor Preferred Stock, given either at a special meeting of such
stockholders duly called by such stockholders for that purpose or pursuant to a written consent of such stockholders, and any such notification
may be made by electronic mail directed to the Secretary of the Corporation. In the event that a director appointed and elected by the
holders of Investor Preferred Stock resigns or is unable to serve as a member of the Board, the holders of record of the shares of Investor
Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right, voting together as a separate class, to appoint and elect a director to full such vacancy.
Any appointment or removal of any director pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) shall be effective immediately upon delivery to the Corporation
of a notification of the results of the applicable special meeting or upon delivery of the applicable written consent, as the case may
be. If the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock fail to appoint a sufficient number of directors to fill all directorships for which
they are entitled to appoint directors pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) (including following the removal or resignation of any such director
or the inability of any such director to serve on the Board), then any directorship not so filled shall remain vacant until such time
as the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock appoint and elect an individual to fill such directorship voting exclusively and together
as a separate class, pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.2(a); and no such directorship may be filled other than by the holders of
the Investor Preferred Stock, voting exclusively and together as a separate class, pursuant to the terms of this Section 6.2(a). For the
avoidance of doubt, the rights provided by this Section 6.2(a) shall not be duplicative of similar rights provided in any other series
of Investor Preferred Stock, and the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock, at any time, shall only be entitled to appoint and elect
a maximum of four (4) directors of the Corporation pursuant to the designation rights provided by the certificates of designations governing
the Investor Preferred Stock.

5

(b) At
all times when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock have a right to appoint at least one (1) director under Section 6.2(a), the holders
of Investor Preferred Stock share the right to appoint one non-voting observer to the Board (the Board Observer).
The Board shall permit the Board Observer to attend all meetings of the Board and of any committee thereof as a non-voting observer, in
each case to the extent permissible under applicable law or the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the
Corporations securities are then listed, and will give such individual notice of such meetings at the same time and in the same
manner as notice is provided to the members of the Board. The Board Observer shall be entitled to concurrent receipt of any materials
provided to the Board or any committee thereof, provided, that the Board Observer shall agree to hold in confidence and trust all information
so provided; and provided further, that the Board may withhold any information and exclude the Board Observer from any meeting or portion
thereof for any legitimate business or legal reason (as determined in the Boards sole discretion). The Board will provide expense
reimbursement to any Board Observer on the same basis as if such Board Observer were a director of the Corporation. For the avoidance
of doubt, the rights provided by this Section 6.2(b) shall not be duplicative of similar rights provided in any other series of Investor
Preferred Stock, and the holders of the Investor Preferred Stock, at any time, shall only be entitled to appoint one (1) Board Observer
pursuant to the designation rights provided by the certificate of designations governing the Investor Preferred Stock.

(c) At
all times when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock have a right to appoint at least one (1) director under Section 6.2(a), the holders
of the Investor Preferred Stock shall, by exercise of any warrants issued to such holders pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement
or conversion of the Investor Preferred Stock, be deemed to have agreed to not vote any shares of Common Stock they receive upon the conversion
of any Investor Preferred Stock or the exercise of any warrants issued to such holders pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement in
any election of directors.

6.3
Preferred Stock Protective Provisions. Until the later of (i) such time when the holders of Investor Preferred Stock shall no longer
beneficially own at least 5% of the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation and (ii) January 24, 2030, the Corporation shall not,
either directly or indirectly, by amendment, merger, consolidation, domestication, transfer, continuance, recapitalization, reclassification,
waiver, statutory conversion, or otherwise, effect or validate any of the following acts or transactions without (in addition to any other
vote required by law or the Restated Certificate) the written consent or affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred
stock (the Investor Preferred Stock) issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of June 21, 2024, by and among the Corporation and CCM Denali Equity Holdings, LP (the Securities Purchase Agreement)
or that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Corporation, the guarantors party thereto,
the various lenders thereto and CCM Denali Debt Holdings, LP, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (the Credit Agreement),
and any such act or transaction that has not been approved by such consent or vote prior to such act or transaction being effected
shall be null and void ab initio, and of no force or effect:

(a) liquidate,
dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of the Corporation or effect any event that requires a distribution to the Corporations
stockholders in accordance with their liquidation preference, or any other merger, consolidation, statutory conversion, transfer, domestication
or continuance;

(b) amend,
alter, repeal or waive any provision of the Restated Certificate or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner that would adversely affect
the special rights, powers, preferences or privileges of the Preferred Stock (or any series thereof);

(c) create
or issue or obligate itself to issue shares of, or reclassify, any capital stock of the Corporation, other than Excluded Issuances;

(d) increase
or decrease the authorized number of shares of Preferred Stock, or create any additional class or series of capital stock of the Corporation
(other than increases in the number of the authorized shares of Common Stock); or

(e) purchase
or redeem (or permit any subsidiary to purchase or redeem) or pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on, any shares of capital
stock of the Corporation, other than (i) redemptions of or dividends or distributions on the Investor Preferred Stock as expressly authorized
herein or in the certificate of designations of any Investor Preferred Stock, and (ii) dividends or other distributions payable on the
Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock;

provided, however, holders of
the Investor Preferred Stock shall have the right set forth in Section 6.3(b) so long as any shares of Investor Preferred Stock remain
outstanding.

6

SECTION
7. Conversion. 

7.1 Conversions
at Option of Holder. Each share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after
the Original Issue Date and through the Maturity Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement), at the option of the holder thereof, into
a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Ratio (as defined below). Holders shall effect conversions by providing the
Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion), duly completed
and executed. Other than a conversion pursuant to Section 5.4 or Section 9.2, or following a notice provided for under Section 7.4(b)
hereof, the Notice of Conversion must specify a number of shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock to be converted. Conversion Shares issuable
hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the holder by either, as the Notice of Conversion so specifies, (i) by crediting
the account of the holders (or its designees) balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC)
through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Transfer Agent is then a participant in
the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (a DWAC Delivery) and such Conversion Shares may be so
issued in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and DTC, or (ii) by physical or electronic delivery, at the election
of the holder, of a book entry statement(s), registered in the name of the holder (or its designee), for the number of Conversion Shares
to which the holder is entitled pursuant to such conversion to the address or e-mail, as applicable, specified by the holder in the Notice
of Conversion. The Conversion Date, or the date on which a conversion shall be deemed effective, shall be
defined as the Trading Day that the Notice of Conversion, completed and executed, is sent by email to, and received during regular business
hours by, an officer of the Corporation provided that, to the extent there are such officers, each such notice shall be sent to each of
the chief executive officer, chief financial officer and general counsel of the Corporation; provided, further, that the
original share certificate(s) (if applicable) representing such shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed, and
the accompanying Notice of Conversion, are received by the Corporation within two (2) Trading Days thereafter. In all other cases, the
Conversion Date shall be defined as the Trading Day on which the original share certificate(s) (if applicable) of Series B-4 Preferred
Stock being converted, duly endorsed, and the accompanying Notice of Conversion, are received by the Corporation. The calculations set
forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. No ink original Notice of Conversion
shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be
required. 

7.2 Conversion
Ratio. Each share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock is convertible at a rate of one million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock for each
share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 9 below (this rate, as adjusted from time to time,
the Conversion Ratio).

7.3 Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Series
B-4 Preferred Stock, and a holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock, to the extent that,
after giving effect to an attempted conversion set forth on an applicable Notice of Conversion, such holder (together with such holders
Affiliates, and any other Person whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the holders for purposes of
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable regulations of the Commission, including any group of which the holder
is a member (the foregoing, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own a number of shares of Common Stock
in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by such holder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock subject to the Notice of Conversion with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall
exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Series B-4 Preferred
Stock beneficially owned by such holder or any of its Attribution Parties, and (B) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted
portion of any other securities of the Corporation beneficially owned by such holder or any of its Attribution Parties that are subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise similar to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Section 7.3, beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable regulations of the Commission. In addition,
for purposes hereof, group has the meaning set forth in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the applicable regulations
of the Commission. For purposes of this Section 7.3, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a holder may rely
on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (A) the Corporations most recent
periodic or annual filing with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation that is filed
with the Commission, or (C) a more recent notice by the Corporation or the Corporations transfer agent to the holder setting forth
the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. Upon the written request of a holder (which may be by email), the Corporation shall,
within two (2) Trading Days thereof, confirm in writing to such holder (which may be via email) the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to any actual conversion
or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock and Warrant Shares (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement) issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement and Credit Agreement, by such holder or its Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was last publicly reported or confirmed to the holder. The
Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall initially be 49.9% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Notice of Conversion (to the extent permitted
pursuant to this Section 7.3); provided, however, that by written notice to the Corporation, which will not be effective until the 61st
day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation, the holder may waive or amend the provisions of this Section 7.3 to change the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation to any other number less than or equal to 49.9%, and the provisions of this Section 7.3 shall continue
to apply. The Corporation shall be entitled to rely on representations made to it by the holder in any Notice of Conversion regarding
its Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by written notice to the Corporation, any holder may amend the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation percentage with respect to such holder to any percentage that is lower than or equal to 49.9%. The provisions of
this Section 7.3 shall be construed, corrected and implemented in a manner so as to effectuate the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation
herein contained and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Series B-4 Preferred Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1)
of the Exchange Act.

7

7.4 Mechanics
of Conversion

(a) Delivery
of Certificate or Electronic Issuance Upon Conversion. Not later than three (3) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date,
or if the holder requests the issuance of physical certificate(s) for its Conversion Shares, two (2) Trading Days after receipt by the
Corporation of the original certificate(s) representing such shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock being converted, duly endorsed, and
the accompanying Notice of Conversion (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall (a) deliver, or cause
to be delivered, to the converting holder a physical certificate or certificates (or electronic book entry statements) representing the
number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock or (b) in the case of a DWAC Delivery,
electronically transfer such Conversion Shares by crediting the account of the holders (or its designees) prime broker with
DTC through its DWAC system. If in the case of any Notice of Conversion such certificate or certificates (or electronic book entry statements)
are not delivered to or as directed by or, in the case of a DWAC Delivery, such shares are not electronically delivered to or as directed
by, the applicable holder by the Share Delivery Date, the applicable holder shall be entitled to elect to rescind such Notice of Conversion
by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such certificate or certificates (or electronic book entry
statements) for Conversion Shares or electronic receipt of such shares, as applicable, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return
to such holder any original Series B-4 Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and such holder shall promptly return
to the Corporation any Common Stock certificates (or electronic book entry statements) or otherwise direct the return of any shares of
Common Stock delivered to the holder through the DWAC system, representing the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock unsuccessfully tendered
for conversion to the Corporation.

(b) Obligation
Absolute. Subject to Section 7.3 hereof and subject to holders right to rescind a Notice of Conversion pursuant to
Section 7.4(a) above, the Corporations obligation to issue and deliver (or cause the Transfer Agent to deliver) the
Conversion Shares upon conversion of Series B-4 Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of any action or inaction by a holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof,
the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment,
limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation
or any violation or alleged violation of law by such holder or any other Person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which
might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares.
Subject to Section 7.3 hereof and subject to holders right to rescind a Notice of Conversion pursuant to Section 7.4(a)
above, in the event a holder shall elect to convert any or all of its Series B-4 Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse
conversion based on any claim that such holder or anyone associated or affiliated with such holder has been engaged in any violation
of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to holder, restraining and/or enjoining
conversion of all or part of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock of such holder shall have been sought and obtained by the Corporation,
and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such holder in the amount of 150% of the value of the Conversion Shares
into which would be converted the Series B-4 Preferred Stock which is subject to such injunction, which bond shall remain in effect
until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such holder
to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall, subject to Section 7 hereof and subject
to holders right to rescind a Notice of Conversion pursuant to Section 7.4(a) above, issue Conversion Shares upon a properly
noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver (or cause the Transfer Agent to deliver) to a holder such certificate or
certificates (or book entry statements), or electronically deliver (or cause its transfer agent to electronically deliver) such
shares in the case of a DWAC Delivery, pursuant to Section 7.4(a) on or prior to the fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Share
Delivery Date applicable to such conversion (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete information provided by holder
to the Corporation), then, unless the holder has rescinded the applicable Notice of Conversion pursuant to Section 7.4(a) above, the
Corporation shall pay (as liquidated damages and not as a penalty) to such holder an amount payable, at the holders option,
either (a) in cash or (b) to the extent that it would not cause the holder or its Attribution Parties to exceed the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, in shares of Common Stock that are valued for these purposes at the Closing Sale Price on the date of such
calculation, in each case equal to the product of (x) the number of Conversion Shares required to have been issued by the
Corporation on such Share Delivery Date, (y) an amount equal to the Daily Failure Amount and (z) the number of Trading Days actually
lapsed after such fifth (5th) Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date during which such certificates (or book entry statements)
have not been delivered, or, in the case of a DWAC Delivery, such shares have not been electronically delivered; provided, however,
the holder shall only receive up to such amount of shares of Common Stock such that holder and its Attribution Parties and any other
persons or entities whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the holders for purposes of Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act (including shares held by any group of which the holder is a member, but excluding shares
beneficially owned by virtue of the ownership of securities or rights to acquire securities that have limitations on the right to
convert, exercise or purchase similar to the limitation set forth herein) shall not collectively beneficially own greater than the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Nothing herein shall limit a holders right to pursue actual damages for the
Corporations failure to deliver (or failure to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver) Conversion Shares within the period
specified herein and such holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity
including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief; provided, that holder shall not receive
duplicate damages for the Corporations failure to deliver (or failure to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver) Conversion
Shares within the period specified herein. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a holder from seeking to enforce
damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

8

(c) Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Certificates Upon Conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver (or cause the Transfer Agent
to electronically deliver) to a holder the applicable certificate or certificates or book entry statement or statements or to effect a
DWAC Delivery, as applicable, by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 7.4(a) (other than a failure caused by incorrect or incomplete
information provided by holder to the Corporation), and if after such Share Delivery Date such holder is required by its brokerage firm
to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock
to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such holder of the Conversion Shares which such holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion
relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such holder
(in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such holder) the amount by which (x) such holders total purchase
price (including any brokerage commissions) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock that such holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price
at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option
of such holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Series B-4 Preferred
Stock submitted for conversion or deliver to such holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation
had timely complied (or caused the Transfer Agent to timely comply) with its delivery requirements under Section 7.4(a). For example,
if a holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion
of shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise
to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required
to pay such holder $1,000. The holder shall provide the Corporation written notice, within three (3) Trading Days after the occurrence
of a Buy-In, indicating the amounts payable to such holder in respect of such Buy-In together with applicable confirmations and other
evidence reasonably requested by the Corporation. Nothing herein shall limit a holders right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Corporations failure to timely deliver (or cause the Transfer Agent to deliver) certificates (or book entry statements)
representing shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof;
provided, however, that the holder shall not be entitled to both (i) require the reissuance of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock
submitted for conversion for which such conversion was not timely honored and (ii) receive the number of shares of Common Stock that would
have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied (or caused the Transfer Agent to timely comply) with its delivery requirements
under Section 7.4(a).

(d) Reservation
of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized
and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock, free from preemptive
rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of persons other than the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock, not less than
such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments of Section 9) upon the conversion
of all outstanding shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable
shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

(e) Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of the Series
B-4 Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which a holder would otherwise be entitled to receive upon such conversion, such fraction
shall be rounded down to the next whole share.

(f) Transfer
Taxes. The issuance of certificates (or book entry statements) for shares of the Common Stock upon conversion of the Series B-4 Preferred
Stock shall be made without charge to any holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue
or delivery of such certificates (or book entry statements), provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may
be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate (or book entry statement) upon conversion
in a name other than that of the registered holder(s) of such shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required
to issue or deliver such certificates (or book entry statements) unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof
shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax
has been paid.

(g) Status
as Stockholder. Upon each Conversion Date, (i) the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock being converted shall be deemed converted
into shares of Common Stock; (ii) the holders of such converted shares shall assume the rights, privileges, and obligations of a holder
of Common Stock of the Corporation; and (iii) the holders rights as a holder of such Converted Shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock
shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates (or book-entry statements) or otherwise electronic delivery
for such shares of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such holder because
of a failure by the Corporation to comply with the terms of this Certificate of Designation. In all cases, the holder shall retain all
of its rights and remedies for the Corporations failure to convert Series B-4 Preferred Stock.

9

7.5 Register.
The Corporation or the Transfer Agent shall maintain a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the holders of each
share of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock (the Series B-4 Preferred Stock Register). The Corporation may deem
and treat the registered holder as the absolute owner thereof for the purpose of any conversion thereof and for all other purposes. The
Corporation shall register the transfer of any shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock in the Series B-4 Preferred Stock Register, upon surrender
of the certificates evidencing such shares to be transferred, duly endorsed by the holder thereof, to the Corporation at its address specified
herein. Upon any such registration or transfer, a new certificate evidencing the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock so transferred shall
be issued to the transferee and a new certificate evidencing the remaining portion of the shares not so transferred, if any, shall be
issued to the transferring holder, in each case, within three (3) Business Days. The provisions of this Certificate of Designation are
intended to be for the benefit of all holders from time to time and shall be enforceable by any such holder.

SECTION
8. Redemption

8.1 Redemption
and Redemption Price. At any time after January 24, 2030 any holder of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock may, at its option,
require the Corporation to redeem the Series B-4 Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, owned by such holder at the Redemption Price (as
defined below); provided, however, that the Corporation shall not redeem or be required to redeem any shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock
or give notice of any redemption unless the Corporation has sufficient and lawful funds to redeem the shares to be redeemed. The redemption
price per share of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall be an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Original Issue Price plus
all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, up to and including the Redemption Date and (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
pursuant to the Conversion Ratio multiplied by the average of the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock for the five (5) Business Days
immediately prior to the date of the Redemption Notice (defined below) plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, up to and including
the Redemption Date (the Redemption Price). The Redemption Price must be paid in cash.

8.2 Redemption
Notice. A holder of Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall, not less than thirty (30) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the date
of redemption, give written notice to the Corporation of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock required to be redeemed. For purposes
of this Certificate of Designation, the date upon which a holder of Series B-4 Preferred Stock desires the redemption to take effect,
shall be the Redemption Date, and the written notice given by a holder of Series B-4 Preferred Stock to the
Corporation in connection with such redemption, shall be the Redemption Notice. The Redemption Notice shall
state the total number of shares required by the holder of Series B-4 Preferred Stock to be redeemed and the Redemption Date. Promptly
following receipt of a Redemption Notice given by a holder of Series B-4 Preferred Stock, the Corporation shall notify such holder of
the time, place and manner in which the holder is to surrender to the Corporation the certificate or certificates representing the shares
of Series B-4 Preferred Stock required to be redeemed.

8.3 Payment
of Redemption Price and Surrender of Stock. On the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock required
by the holder thereof to be redeemed shall be payable to the holder(s) of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock being so redeemed. On or before
the Redemption Date, each holder of Series B-4 Preferred Stock required by the holder thereof to be redeemed shall surrender the certificate
or certificates representing such shares to the Corporation, in the manner and at the place designated in the notice of the Corporation
described in Section 8.2 above, and thereupon the Redemption Price for such shares shall be payable to the order of the person whose name
appears on such certificate or certificates as the owner thereof, and each surrendered certificate shall be cancelled and retired.

8.4 Termination
of Rights. If the Redemption Notice is duly given, and if at least ten (10) days prior to the Redemption Date the Redemption Price
is either paid or made available for payment through the arrangement specified in Section 8.5 below, then notwithstanding that the certificates
evidencing any of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock so called for redemption by the Corporation or required by a holder thereof
to be redeemed, as the case may be, have not been surrendered, all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith after the Redemption
Date cease, except only the right of the holders to receive the Redemption Price without interest upon surrender of their certificates
therefor.

8.5 Deposit
of Funds. At least ten (10) days prior to the Redemption Date, the Corporation may, but shall not be obligated to, deposit with any
bank or trust company in San Francisco, California, having a capital and surplus of at least $1 billion as a trust fund, a sum equal to
the aggregate Redemption Price of all shares of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock called for redemption by the Corporation or required by
a holder thereof to be redeemed, as the case may be, and not yet redeemed, with irrevocable instructions and authority to the bank or
trust company to pay, on or after the Redemption Date or prior thereto, the Redemption Price to the respective holders upon the surrender
of their share certificates. The deposit, if made, shall constitute full payment of the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock to their
holders, and from and after the date of such deposit (even if prior to the Redemption Date), the shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock
shall be deemed to be redeemed and no longer outstanding, and the holders thereof shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such
shares and shall have no rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive from the bank or trust company payment of the Redemption
Price of the shares, without interest, upon surrender of their certificates therefor. Any monies so deposited and unclaimed at the end
of one (1) year from the Redemption Date shall be released or repaid to the Corporation, after which the holders of shares of Series B-4
Preferred Stock called for redemption by the Corporation or required by a holder thereof to be redeemed, as the case may be, shall be
entitled to receive payment of the Redemption Price only from the Corporation.

10

SECTION
9. Anti-Dilution Adjustments. 

9.1 Stock
Dividends, Splits, Etc. If the Corporation declares or pays a dividend or distribution on the outstanding shares of Common Stock or
securities convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares of
Common Stock (Convertible Securities) then the Conversion Ratio shall be increased by the total shares of
Common Stock issued (or issuable in the case of Convertible Securities) that would have been issued to a holder of the number of shares
of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Ratio immediately prior to such dividend or distribution. If the Corporation subdivides the Common
Stock by reclassification or otherwise into a greater number of shares, then the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately increased,
provided the Original Issue Price shall remain the same. If the outstanding shares of the Common Stock are combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares, the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately decreased, provided the Original
Issue Price shall remain the same.

9.2 Reclassification,
Exchange, Combinations or Substitution. Upon any event whereby all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are reclassified, exchanged,
combined, substituted, or replaced for, into, with or by Corporation securities of a different class and/or series, then from and after
the consummation of such event, a share of Series B-4 Preferred Stock shall be convertible into the number, class and series of Corporation
securities that a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Ratio immediately prior to such reclassification,
exchange, combination or substitution would have received, provided the Original Issue Price shall remain the same, subject to further
adjustment thereafter from time to time in accordance with the provisions hereof. The provisions of this Section 9.2 shall similarly apply
to successive reclassifications, exchanges, combinations, substitutions, replacements or other similar events.

9.3 Adjustment
for Issuance of Applicable Shares. If the Corporation shall issue or sell any shares of Common Stock (other than shares included in
the Excluded Issuances, as defined below) (Applicable Shares), or options, warrants, or Convertible Securities
or similar instruments exercisable or otherwise convertible or exchangeable for Applicable Shares, in each case without consideration
or for a consideration per share initially deliverable upon issuance, conversion or exchange of such securities less than the then applicable
Conversion Price, then effective immediately upon such issuance or sale, the Conversion Ratio shall be increased, and shall not be reduced,
in accordance with the following formula:

CR1 = CR0 x [(OS + D) / (OS
+ PS)]

CR1 = the new Conversion Ratio

CR0 = the then applicable Conversion Ratio

OS = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
prior to the issuance of such securities

D = the maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon issuance of such securities

PS = the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock which the aggregate amount of consideration received by
the Corporation upon such issuance or sale would have purchased at the Conversion Price

9.4 Exceptions
to Adjustments. Except as specifically provided for herein, there shall be no adjustment or readjustment to the Conversion Ratio in
the following circumstances (each of the following, an Excluded Issuance): (1) securities issued to the Corporations
lenders pursuant to the Credit Agreement or Securities Purchase Agreement or upon the exercise of warrants or conversion of preferred
stock issued to the Corporations lenders pursuant to the Credit Agreement or Securities Purchase Agreement; (2) upon conversion,
exercise or exchange of securities, including convertible debt securities and convertible debt securities issued as payment-in-kind interest
thereon, outstanding prior to the date of this Certificate of Designation without alteration; (3) pursuant to agreements in effect as
of date of this Certificate of Designation (provided that such agreements are not amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented
after the date of this Certificate of Designation to increase the number of securities, reduce the consideration payable in connection
with such securities, or otherwise change the terms of such agreements so as to have a dilutive effect on this Certificate of Designation
(or any securities issued or issuable hereunder)); (4) the issuance of Common Stock (or options or other similar instruments convertible
into Common Stock) to the Corporations management, directors or other service providers pursuant to compensation and incentive
programs approved by the Board; and (5) the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to any registered offering of Common Stock or a private
placement of Common Stock in accordance with the exemptions provided under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, each as principally
for bona fide equity financing purposes; provided, however, that clause (5) of the definition of Excluded Issuance shall
only be an Excluded Issuance for the purposes of Section 6.3(c) of this Certificate of Designation (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not
an Excluded Issuance for any other purposes (including, without limitation, any anti-dilution adjustments in this Certificate
of Designation)).

11

9.5 Expiration
of Securities. Upon the expiration or termination of any unexercised options, warrants, or Convertible Securities or similar instruments
exercisable or otherwise convertible or exchangeable for Applicable Shares (or portion thereof) which resulted (either upon its original
issuance or upon a revision of its terms) in an adjustment to the Conversion Ratio, the Conversion Ratio shall be readjusted to such Conversion
Ratio as would have been in effect had such options, warrants, or Convertible Securities or similar instruments exercisable or otherwise
convertible or exchangeable for Applicable Shares (or portion thereof) never been issued.

9.6 Pre-emptive
Rights.

(a) If
the Corporation proposes to offer or sell any New Securities (as defined below), the Corporation shall first offer such New Securities
to the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock. The holder shall be entitled to participate in the such offering of New Securities (the
Offering) on a pro rata basis, determined by dividing (i) the number of shares of Series B-4 Preferred Stock,
on as converted basis, held by the holder, by the (ii) total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding at the time of such
offering plus the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding, on an as converted basis. The Corporation shall give notice
(the Offer Notice) to the Purchaser, stating (i) its bona fide intention to offer such New Securities, (ii)
the number of such New Securities to be offered, and (iii) the price and terms, if any, upon which it proposes to offer such New Securities,
provided that if the New Securities are to be sold in an underwritten public offering, the price with respect to such New Securities shall
be such public offering price that the Corporation anticipates in such offering, as determined by the Corporation in good faith at the
time of the Offer Notice. The holder may elect by written notice delivered to the Corporation within two (2) Business Days, or, in the
case of a registered offering, one (1) Business Day, of the date the Offer Notice is given to purchase or otherwise acquire, at the price
and on the terms specified in the Offer Notice, up to that portion of such New Securities which equals the proportion that shares of Common
Stock then held by the holder (including all shares of Common Stock represented by Preferred Stock or other Convertible Securities) bears
to the total number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation then outstanding; provided that, if such holder elects to participate
in the Offering pursuant to this Section 9.6, upon the request of the holder, the Corporation shall be required to extend the closing
for the holders purchase of New Securities in the Offering to a date selected by such holder, which date shall be no later than
the date that is ten (10) Business Days following the closing of the Offering.

(b) For the purposes of Section
9.6(a), New Securities shall mean any Securities other than (i) Common Stock or Convertible Securities
to give effect to the transactions contemplated under the Securities Purchase Agreement and Credit Agreement; (ii) Common Stock,
Convertible Securities, or Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options or restricted stock under the Corporations equity plans;
(iii) Common Stock upon the conversion, exchange or exercise of any Convertible Securities; (iv) Common Stock issuable upon
stock dividend or distribution, stock split, share subdivision, recapitalization, reclassification or similar transaction affecting the
holders of Common Stock on a pro rata basis or (v) Common Stock issuable pursuant to the adjustments provided in Section 9 hereof and
similar provisions contained in equity issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement and Credit Agreement.

9.7 Certain
Events. If any event of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Section 9.7 but not expressly provided for by such provisions
(including, without limitation, the granting of stock appreciation rights, phantom stock rights or other rights with equity features)
occurs, then the Board shall make an appropriate adjustment to the Conversion Ratio so as to protect the rights of the holders of the
Series B-4 Preferred Stock in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Section 9.7; provided, that no such adjustment pursuant
to this Section 9.7 shall decrease the Conversion Ratio or decrease the Original Issue Price.

9.8 Calculations.
All calculations under this Section 9.8 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes
of this Section 9.8, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the
number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding.

9.9 Notice
of Adjustments. Whenever the Conversion Ratio is adjusted as provided under this Section 9.9, the Corporation shall, as soon as reasonably
practicable following the occurrence of an event that requires such adjustment (or if the Corporation is not aware of such occurrence,
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming so aware), provide a written notice to the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock
of the occurrence of such event and a statement in reasonable detail setting forth the method by which the adjustment to the applicable
Conversion Ratio was determined and setting forth the adjusted applicable Conversion Ratio.

12

SECTION
10. No Re-issuance of Preferred Stock. No shares
of Series B-4 Preferred Stock redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation shall be reissued, and all such shares shall be canceled
and eliminated from the shares the Corporation shall be authorized to issue.

SECTION
11. Amendment, Supplement and Waiver. Without the
consent of a majority of holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock, the Corporation may amend or supplement this Certificate of Designation
to make any change that would grant any additional rights or benefits to the holders of the Series B-4 Preferred Stock or that does not
affect the legal rights under this Certificate of Designation of any such holder.

SECTION
12. Lost or Mutilated Series B-4 Preferred Stock Certificate. If a holders Series B-4 Preferred Stock certificate
shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation
of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares
of Series B-4 Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction
of such certificate, and of the ownership thereof, reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation and, in each case, customary and reasonable
indemnity, if requested. Applicants for a new certificate under such circumstances shall also comply with such other reasonable regulations
and procedures as the Corporation may prescribe.

SECTION
13. No Impairment. The Corporation will not, by amendment of its Restated Certificate or Bylaws or through any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but will at all times in good
faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and in the taking of all such action as may
be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the holders against impairment.

SECTION
14. SEverability. If any provision of
this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designation shall remain in effect,
and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances.
If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the
applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable
law.

SECTION
15. Dispute Resolution. 

15.1 Submission
to Dispute Resolution. In the case of a dispute relating to a Closing Sale Price, Conversion Ratio, Original Issue Price, Redemption
Price, Buy-In and fair market value or any other computation required to be made hereunder (each of the foregoing a Disputed
Calculation and together the Disputed Calculations) or the arithmetic calculation of any of
the foregoing (as the case may be) (including, without limitation, a dispute relating to the determination of any of the foregoing), the
Corporation or the applicable holder (as the case may be) (the Disputing Party) shall notify the other party
(the Responding Party) of the dispute via electronic mail (A) if by the Corporation, within two (2) Business
Days after the occurrence of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute or (B) if by such holder at any time after such holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Disputing Party and the Responding Party are unable to promptly resolve such
dispute relating to such Disputed Calculation, or the arithmetic calculation of such Disputed Calculation (as the case may be), at any
time after the fifth (5th) Business Day following such initial notice by the Disputing Party to the Responding Party, then the Disputing
Party may select and submit to the Responding Party via electronic email a list of independent, reputable investment banks to resolve
such dispute (the Disputing Partys Selection List). If the Responding Party objects to all such independent,
reputable investment banks included in the Disputing Partys Selection List, then the Responding Party may submit to the Disputing
Party via electronic mail an alternative list of independent, reputable investment banks (the Responding Partys Selection
List) within ten (10) Business Days of receiving the Disputing Partys Selection List. If the Disputing Party objects
to all such independent, reputable investment banks on the Responding Partys Selection List, then the Disputing Party must notify
the Responding Party via electronic mail of such objection within ten (10) Business Days of receiving the Responding Partys Selection
List (the Selection Deadline). Following which, each of the Disputing Party and the Responding Party shall
select an independent, reputable investment bank within five (5) Business Days of the Selection Deadline (the Alternative
Selection Deadline), and the two selected independent, reputable investment banks shall have five (5) Business Days from
the Alternative Selection Deadline to select a third independent, reputable investment bank to resolve the dispute (the Final
Selection Deadline). The Disputing Party and the Responding Party shall take all such reasonable steps necessary to jointly
engage the appointed bank as shortly thereafter as reasonably possible, and in any event, within ten (10) Business Days of the Final Selection
Deadline.

13

15.2 The
Disputing Party and the Responding Party shall each deliver to the investment bank engaged pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section
15.1 (A) a copy of the initial dispute submission so delivered in accordance with the first sentence of Section 15.1 and (B) written documentation
supporting such respective partys position with respect to such dispute, in each case, no later than 5:00 p.m. (New York time)
by the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the date on which such investment bank was engaged (the Dispute Submission
Deadline) (the documents referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (A) and (B) are collectively referred to herein
as the Required Dispute Documentation) (it being understood and agreed that if either the Disputing Party
and the Responding Party fails to raise any claims in the Required Dispute Documentation it submits by the Dispute Submission Deadline,
then the party who fails to raise such claim in the Required Dispute Documentation shall no longer be entitled to (and hereby waives its
right to) raise such claim to such investment bank with respect to such dispute and such investment bank shall resolve such dispute based
solely on the claims raised in the Required Dispute Documentation that was delivered to such investment bank prior to the Dispute Submission
Deadline). Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by both the Disputing Party and the Responding Party or otherwise requested by such investment
bank, neither the Disputing Party nor the Responding Party shall be entitled to deliver or submit any written documentation or other support
to such investment bank in connection with such dispute (other than the Required Dispute Documentation).

15.3 The
Disputing Party and the Responding Party shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause the investment bank engaged pursuant to Section
15.1 to determine the resolution of such dispute and notify the Disputing Party and the Responding Party of such resolution no later than
ten (10) Business Days immediately following the Dispute Submission Deadline. The fees and expenses of such investment bank shall be borne
solely by the Corporation, and such investment banks resolution of such dispute shall be final and binding upon all parties absent
manifest error.

15.4 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 15, nothing in this Section 15 shall limit a holders right to pursue any and
all remedies available to it, at law, in equity or otherwise, including, without limitation, any action seeking the entry of an order
specifically enforcing the terms and conditions hereof, granting injunctive relief and/or awarding damages arising from any breach or
threatened breach of this Section 15 or any other Section hereof. Any holder may choose to seek an alternative remedy in lieu of or in
addition to effectuating the dispute resolution procedures provided in this Section 15 by providing written notice to the Corporation
of its intent to do so at any time prior to the Selection Deadline.

SECTION
16. CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES.. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in any other Transaction
Documents (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), each of the holders of Investor Preferred Stock, any of their respective
Affiliates and any of its or their respective directors, officers, employees and consultants, including any director appointed to the
Board pursuant to Section 6.2(a) (collectively, the Investor Related Parties), may freely offer to
any other Person or effect on behalf of itself or any other Person any other investment or business opportunity or prospective economic
advantage, including those competitive with the business of the Corporation, or other transactions in which the Corporation, its subsidiaries,
any member of the Board or any other shareholder of the Corporation may have an interest or expectancy, including as a result of any fiduciary
duties applicable to such Person (Investor Transactions), unless such matter, transaction or interest
is presented to, or acquired, created or developed by, or otherwise comes into the possession of, such Investor Related Party expressly
and solely in such Investor Related Partys capacity as a director of the Corporation, in each case without any prior Corporation,
Board or stockholder notification or approval; provided, that if the Corporation, to the Investor Related Partys knowledge,
is considering the same Investor Transaction, the Investor Related Party will promptly notify the Corporation of its interest in such
Investor Transaction and cause each member of the Board that is an Investor Related Party to recuse himself from all Board discussions
and activities relating to such Investor Transaction. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Corporation agrees and acknowledges
that Investor Related Parties and their respective Affiliates may have both passive and non-passive interests in Persons deemed competitors
of the Corporation, and that the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence shall be applicable to such competitors, their respective
Affiliates and any of their respective directors, officers and employees in respect thereof. Any person or entity purchasing, holding
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions
of this Section 16.

[Signature Page Follows]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of
Designation to be executed by the below named officer of the Corporation.

Dated: January 24, 2025

EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC.

a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ Michael Silberman

Name: Michael Silberman

Title: Secretary

15
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022872901ex99-1_eos.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED JANUARY 27, 2025, ISSUED BY EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Eos Energy Secures Cerberus Delayed Draw Term
Loan Full Funding, Continuing U.S. Manufacturing Capacity to Strengthen Americas Energy Independence

Successfully achieves all operational milestones that guarantees
final $40.5 million under $210.5 million Term Loan to further solidify its position as a leader in American energy storage systems. 

TURTLE CREEK, Pa., January 27, 2025 Eos
Energy Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ: EOSE) ("Eos" or the Company), Americas leading innovator in designing,
manufacturing, and providing zinc-based long duration energy storage systems sourced and manufactured in the United States, today announced
the successful achievement of the third set of performance milestones previously agreed upon between Eos and an affiliate of Cerberus
Capital Management LP (Cerberus) as part of Cerberuss strategic investment in the Company. Successfully meeting these
performance milestones allowed the Company to access the final $40.5 million of the Delayed Draw Term Loan (DDTL), fueling ongoing operations,
U.S. production expansion, and the creation of an American energy storage powerhouse.

The Eos team is making measurable progress,
consistently meeting critical operational targets and positioning the Company for profitable growth, said Nathan Kroeker, Eos Chief
Financial Officer. With the term loan fully funded, combined with Department of Energy (DOE) loan guarantee first disbursement
in December, Eos has a strong foundation and sufficient capital to continue implementing Project AMAZE. Were executing our strategy
to scale production into strong customer demand for long duration energy storage. Cash from customer projects now play an important role
in funding working capital and our American-made system can play a critical role in America achieving energy independence.

The $210.5 million DDTL announced in June 2024
is now fully funded, driven by the Company consistently achieving key operational milestones related to the Companys state-of-the-art
manufacturing line, raw materials cost-out, Z3 technology performance improvement and orders backlog cash conversion. The Company surpassed
its January raw materials cost-out target by 6% while delivering manufacturing cycle times below 10 seconds to further demonstrate continued
operational efficiency and progress towards profitable growth.

Cerberus is ecstatic about the incredible
progress made since our initial investment last year. Joe and team continue to fire on all cylinders, and Cerberus will continue to be
all-in, helping Eos execute on their rapidly growing global pipeline and backlog, said Nick Robinson, Cerberus
Senior Managing Director and Eos Board Member. With all the pieces now firmly in place to scale, 2025 and beyond is all
about revenue growth, profitability and acceleration of global manufacturing capacity to meet exponential global demand. This demand is
driven by a critical need for a long duration, non-flammable alternative to lithium at a time when the national security imperative could
not be more important. With President Trumps recent Executive Order, emphasizing American-made, and American-sourced, manufacturing
to supporting Americas energy independence, Cerberus could not be more excited about partnering with Eos to build a large global
platform. Cerberus views Eos as the First Solar of the battery space, further highlighting Americas ability
to lead, innovate, and reclaim our energy independence.

About Eos Energy Enterprises

Eos Energy Enterprises, Inc. is accelerating the
shift to American energy independence with positively ingenious solutions that transform how the world stores power. Our breakthrough
Znyth aqueous zinc battery was designed to overcome the limitations of conventional lithium-ion technology. It is safe, scalable,
efficient, sustainable, manufactured in the U.S., and the core of our innovative systems that today provides utility, industrial, and
commercial customers with a proven, reliable energy storage alternative for 3 to 12-hour applications. Eos was founded in 2008 and is
headquartered in Edison, New Jersey. For more information about Eos (NASDAQ: EOSE), visit eose.com.

Contacts 

Investors: ir@eose.com

Media: media@eose.com

Forward Looking Statements

Except for the historical information contained
herein, the matters set forth in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our path to profitability and strategic outlook, statements regarding our capital needs to support project AMAZE, statements regarding
the anticipated use of proceeds from the delayed draw term loan with Cerberus, and statements that refer to outlook, projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions. The words "anticipate,"
"believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intends," "may,"
"might," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," "should,"
"would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a
statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on our managements beliefs, as well as assumptions made
by, and information currently available to, them. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future financial and operating
results and are not statements of fact, actual results may differ materially from those projected.

Factors which may cause actual results to differ
materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: changes adversely affecting the business in which we are engaged;
our ability to forecast trends accurately; our ability to generate cash, service indebtedness and incur additional indebtedness; our ability
to achieve the operational milestones on the delayed draw term loan; our ability to raise financing in the future, including the discretionary
revolving facility from Cerberus; risks associated with the credit agreement with Cerberus, including risks of default, dilution of outstanding
Common Stock, consequences for failure to meet milestones and contractual lockup of shares; our customers ability to secure project
financing; the amount of final tax credits available to our customers or to Eos pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act; uncertainties
around our ability to meet the applicable conditions precedent to funding under the DOE loan; our ability to continue to develop efficient
manufacturing processes to scale and to forecast related costs and efficiencies accurately; fluctuations in our revenue and operating
results; competition from existing or new competitors; our ability to convert firm order backlog and pipeline to revenue; risks associated
with security breaches in our information technology systems; risks related to legal proceedings or claims; risks associated with evolving
energy policies in the United States and other countries and the potential costs of regulatory compliance; risks associated with changes
to the U.S. trade environment; risks resulting from the impact of global pandemics, including the novel coronavirus, Covid-19; our ability
to maintain the listing of our shares of common stock on NASDAQ; our ability to grow our business and manage growth profitably, maintain
relationships with customers and suppliers and retain our management and key employees; risks related to the adverse changes in general
economic conditions, including inflationary pressures and increased interest rates; risk from supply chain disruptions and other impacts
of geopolitical conflict; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the possibility that Eos may be adversely affected by other economic,
business, and/or competitive factors; other factors beyond our control; risks related to adverse changes in general economic conditions;
and other risks and uncertainties.

The forward-looking statements contained in this
press release are also subject to additional risks, uncertainties, and factors, including those more fully described in the Companys
most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K
and subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. Further information on potential risks that could affect actual results will be included
in the subsequent periodic and current reports and other filings that the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from
time to time. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks and uncertainties may
emerge that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release.

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and, except as required by law, the
Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>eose-20250124.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>eose-20250124_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>eose-20250124_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>eose-20250124_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 24, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 24, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-39291

Entity Registrant Name EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001805077

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-4290188

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3920 Park Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Edison

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 08820

City Area Code 732

Local Phone Number 225-8400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol EOSE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock

Trading Symbol EOSEW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EOSE_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=EOSE_WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://eose.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0228729-8k_eos.htm 
eose-20250124.xsd 
eose-20250124_def.xml 
eose-20250124_lab.xml 
eose-20250124_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-006768-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ea0228729-8k_eos_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001805077 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001805077 

EOSE:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

0001805077 

EOSE:WarrantsEachExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-01-24 
2025-01-24 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001805077 
8-K 
2025-01-24 
EOS ENERGY ENTERPRISES, INC. 
DE 
001-39291 
84-4290188 
3920 Park Avenue 
Edison 
NJ 
08820 
732 
225-8400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
EOSE 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock 
EOSEW 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>