<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001174947-25-000411.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001174947-25-000411.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328132351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-25-000411
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250326
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				112014231
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14757
		FILM NUMBER:		25784049

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 340
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3054029300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4500 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 340
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnviroStar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100514

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRYCLEAN USA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METRO TEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k-33908_evi.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?EVI 20250326

false000006531200000653122025-03-262025-03-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

_________________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

_________________________________

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): March 26, 2025

EVI Industries, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization) 

001-14757

(Commission File Number) 

11-2014231

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

4500 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 340

Miami, Florida

(Address of principal executive offices) 

33137

(Zip Code)

(305)402-9300

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.025 par value EVI NYSE American

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 26, 2025, EVI Industries, Inc, a Delaware
corporation (the Company), and certain of its subsidiaries entered a second amendment (the Amendment) to its
Credit Agreement, as amended by the first amendment thereto (the Existing Agreement and together with the Amendment, the
Credit Agreement) with Bank of America, N.A. (Bank of America), as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender
and L/C Issuer, and the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto.

The Amendment amended the Existing Agreement to, among
other things, (i) increase the aggregate revolving credit commitments from $100 million to $150 million, (ii) increase the accordion feature
from $40 million to $50 million, and (iii) extend the maturity date from May 6, 2027 to March 26, 2030. Additionally, two subsidiaries
of the Company joined the Credit Agreement as guarantors.

The description of the Amendment does not purport to
be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Amendment, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

10.1 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Joinder Agreement dated as of
March 26, 2025, by and among EVI Industries, Inc., certain subsidiaries of the EVI Industries, Inc. identified on the signature pages
thereto, as guarantors, Bank of American, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer and the lenders identified on
the signature pages thereto.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.

Dated: March 28, 2025 By: /s/ Robert H. Lazar

Robert H. Lazar

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Florida documentary stamp tax
required by law in the amount of $2,450 has been paid or will be paid directly to the Department of Revenue.

Certificate of Registration No.
26-8000694050-8.

SECOND AMENDMENT TO

CREDIT AGREEMENT AND JOINDER AGREEMENT

THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT
AGREEMENT AND JOINDER AGREEMENT, dated as of March 26, 2025 (this Amendment), is entered into among EVI INDUSTRIES,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower identified on the signature pages
hereto as existing guarantors (the Existing Guarantors), certain Subsidiaries of the Borrower identified on the signature
pages hereto as joining guarantors (the Joining Guarantors and, together with the Existing Guarantors, the Guarantors),
the Lenders identified on the signature pages hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative
Agent), Swingline Lender and an L/C Issuer.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Borrower,
the Existing Guarantors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 2,
2018 (as amended by the Limited Waiver dated as of March 5, 2019, the Consent to Credit Agreement dated as of May 20, 2020, the Limited
Waiver dated as of July 30, 2020, the Joinder Agreement dated as of July 30, 2020, the Consent to Credit Agreement dated as of November
2, 2020, the Joinder Agreement dated as of November 3, 2020, the Joinder Agreement dated as of February 8, 2022, the First Amendment to
Credit Agreement dated as of May 6, 2022, the Consent to Credit Agreement dated as of October 2, 2023 with an effective date as of September
28, 2023, and the Conforming Changes Amendment dated October 17, 2024, and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement);

WHEREAS, the Borrower has
requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement as more specifically
set forth herein. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders have agreed to
grant such requests of the Borrower; and

WHEREAS, U.S. Bank National
Association (the Exiting Lender), by its execution of this Amendment, and upon payment in full of its Obligations
and satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein, will cease to be a Lender for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other
Loan Documents;

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires
to join each of the Joining Guarantors as Guarantors under the Credit Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

1.Defined
Terms. Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized undefined terms used in this Amendment (including, without limitation,
in the introductory paragraph and the preliminary statements hereto) shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement
(as amended hereby).

2.Amendment
and Restatement of Credit Agreement: Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Administrative Agent and Lenders agree that
the Credit Agreement, including the schedules and 

exhibits thereto, shall be, and hereby is, amended and restated in its entirety, and
such amended and restated Credit Agreement is attached hereto as Annex A.

3.Guarantor
Joinder.

(a)Each
Joining Guarantor hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Amendment, such Joining Guarantor will be deemed
to be a party to and a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement and shall have all of the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder
as if it had executed the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents as a Guarantor. Each Joining Guarantor hereby ratifies, as of the date
here, and agrees to be bound by, all representations and warranties, covenants and other terms, conditions and provisions of the Credit
Agreement and the other applicable Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing terms of this Section 3(a),
each Joining Guarantor hereby guarantees, jointly and severally together with the other Guarantors, the prompt payment of the Secured
Obligations in accordance with Article X of the Credit Agreement.

(b)Each
Joining Guarantor and the Borrower hereby agree that all of the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit
Agreement and each other Loan Document are true and correct as of the date hereof.

(c)Each
Joining Guarantor hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Agreement, such Joining Guarantor will be deemed
to be a party to the Security Agreement, and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Grantor (as such term is defined
in the Security Agreement) thereunder as if it had executed the Security Agreement. Each Joining Guarantor hereby ratifies, as of the
date hereof, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms, provisions and conditions contained in the Security Agreement. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing terms of this Section 3(c), each Joining Guarantor hereby grants, pledges and assigns to
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a continuing security interest in, and a right of set off, to the extent
applicable, against any and all right, title and interest of such Joining Guarantor in and to the Collateral (as such term is defined
in Section 2 of the Security Agreement) of such Joining Guarantor.

(d)Each Joining Guarantor acknowledges and confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the schedules and exhibits
thereto and each Loan Document and Collateral Document and the schedules and exhibits thereto.

(e)The
Borrower confirms that the Credit Agreement is, and upon each Joining Guarantor becoming a Guarantor, shall continue to be, in full force
and effect. The parties hereto confirm and agree that immediately upon each Joining Guarantor becoming a Guarantor, the term Obligations,
as used in the Credit Agreement, shall include all obligations of such Joining Guarantor under the Credit Agreement and under each other
Loan Document.

4.Exiting
Lender. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that simultaneously with the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Revolving
Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be as set forth in Schedule 1.01(b) of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby), and the outstanding
amount of the Revolving Loans (the Outstanding Loans) (without giving effect to any advances of Revolving Loans
under the Credit Agreement on the Amendment Effective Date, but after giving effect to any repayment or reduction thereof with the proceeds
of any applicable sources) shall be reallocated in accordance with such Revolving Commitments (and the principal amount of Revolving
Loans held by the Exiting Lender shall be $0.00), and the requisite assignments shall be deemed to be made in such amounts among the
Lenders (including the Exiting Lender) with the same force and effect as if such assignments were evidenced by applicable Assignment
and Assumptions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 11.06 of the Credit Agreement, no other documents or instruments,
including any Assignment and 

2

Assumption, shall be executed in connection with these assignments (all of which requirements are hereby
waived), and such assignments shall be deemed to be made with all applicable representations, warranties and covenants as if evidenced
by an Assignment and Assumption under the Credit Agreement but without the payment of any related assignment fee or pro rata assignment
requirement in Section 11.06(b) of the Credit Agreement, and no other documents or instruments, shall be, or shall be required
to be, executed in connection with such assignments (all of which requirements are hereby waived). On the Amendment Effective Date (as
defined below), the Lenders (including the Exiting Lender) shall make full cash settlement with one another with respect to the Outstanding
Loans, Commitments and Total Credit Exposure, either directly or through the Administrative Agent, as the Administrative Agent may direct
or approve, with respect to all assignments, reallocations and other changes in Commitments and Total Credit Exposure, such that after
giving effect to such settlements the Commitments of each Lender as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below) shall be as set
forth on Schedule 1.01(b) of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) (and in the case of the Exiting Lender, the Exiting Lenders
principal, interest and other Obligations shall be paid in full).

5.Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of
the following conditions precedent (the date on which all such conditions precedent are satisfied (or waived), the Amendment
Effective Date):

(a)the
Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts to this Amendment executed by the Borrower, the Guarantors (including each Joining
Guarantor), each of the Lenders (including the Exiting Lender) and the Administrative Agent;

(b)the
Administrative Agent shall have received an officers certificate dated the Amendment Effective Date, certifying as to the Organization
Documents of each Loan Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall be certified as of a recent date by such
Governmental Authority), the resolutions of the governing body of each Loan Party, the good standing, existence or its equivalent of
each Loan Party and of the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party;

(c)the
Administrative Agent shall have received opinions of counsel for the Borrower and each Joining Guarantor, dated the Amendment Effective
Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;

(d)no
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result after giving effect to this Amendment;

(e)each
of the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Loan Documents
is true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, except (1) to the extent that such representations
and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier
date, (2) as to any such representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect,
or similar language, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in
all respects and (3) the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of
the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b),
respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement;

(f)the
Borrower shall have paid in full all fees and expenses (including all reasonable and documented fees, expenses and disbursements of counsel
to the Administrative Agent, directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) due and payable to the Administrative
Agent or its 

3

affiliates (including all upfront fees and other fees payable to the Administrative Agent for the account of itself and
for the account of the Lenders);

(g)receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities
under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the
PATRIOT Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, that has been requested not less than five Business Days prior to the Amendment Effective
Date;

(h)the
Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (A) searches of
UCC filings or equivalents in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction
where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect the Administrative Agents security interest in the Collateral, copies
of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted Liens, (B) searches of
ownership of Intellectual Property in the appropriate governmental offices and such patent/trademark/copyright and other filings as reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent in order to perfect or confirm perfection of the Administrative Agents security interest
in the Intellectual Property; and

(i)such
other assurances, certificates, documents, information, or consents as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender
or the Required Lenders reasonably may require.

Without limiting the generality of the provisions
of Section 9.03(c) of the Credit Agreement, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section
3, each Lender that has signed this Amendment shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with,
each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Amendment Effective Date specifying its objection thereto.

6.Reaffirmations.
(a) Each Loan Party agrees that the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall not limit or diminish the obligations of such Person
under, or release such Person from any obligations under, the Credit Agreement (including the Guaranty), the Security Agreement, each
Joinder Agreement, and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, (b) each Loan Party confirms, ratifies and reaffirms its obligations
under the Credit Agreement (including the Guaranty), the Security Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, and
(c) each Loan Party agrees that, except as otherwise expressly agreed in this Amendment, the Credit Agreement (including the Guaranty),
the Security Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and
confirmed.

7.Effect
of the Amendment. Except as expressly provided herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unmodified
and in full force and effect. Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not be deemed (a) to be a waiver of, or consent
to a modification of or amendment of, any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) to prejudice
any other right or rights which the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection
with the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, (c) to be a commitment or any other undertaking or expression
of any willingness to engage in any further discussion with the Borrower or any other Person with respect to any waiver, amendment, modification
or any other change to the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any rights or remedies arising in favor of the Lenders or
the Administrative Agent, or any of them, under or with respect to any such documents, (d) to be a waiver of, or consent to a modification
or 

4

amendment of, any other term or condition of any other agreement by and among any Loan Party, on the one hand, and the Administrative
Agent or any other Lender, on the other hand or (e) to be a course of dealing or a consent to any departure by the Loan Parties from
any other term or requirement of the Credit Agreement. References in this Amendment to the Credit Agreement (and indirect references
such as hereunder, hereby, herein, and hereof) and in any Loan Document to the
Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby.

8.No
Novation. Neither this Amendment nor the effectiveness hereof shall extinguish the obligations for the payment of money outstanding
under the Credit Agreement or discharge or release the Lien or priority of any Loan Document or any other security therefor or any guarantee
thereof. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the Obligations outstanding under the Credit Agreement
or instruments guaranteeing or securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby.

9.Representations
and Warranties of the Loan Parties. By its execution hereof, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants as follows:

(a)Such Loan Party has the right, power and authority and has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize
the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and each other document executed in connection herewith to which it is a party
in accordance with their respective terms; and

(b)This Amendment and each other document executed in connection herewith has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party,
and each such document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor
relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors rights in general and the availability of equitable
remedies.

10.Miscellaneous

(a)Governing
Law; Acknowledgment Regarding any Supported QFCs. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Without limiting the general applicability of the foregoing and the terms of the other Loan Documents to this
Amendment and the parties hereto, the terms of Section 11.14, Section 11.15 and Section 11.21 of the Credit Agreement
are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

(b)Loan
Document. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under and as defined in the Credit Agreement.

(c)Counterparts;
Electronic Execution. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually
executed counterpart of this Amendment.

(d)Severability.
If any provision of this Amendment is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable and
the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and shall be construed without giving effect to the illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provisions.

5

(e)Entirety. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the parties hereto and thereto,
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, including any commitment letters or correspondence relating
to the Loan Documents, any other documents relating to the Obligations, or the transactions contemplated herein and therein.

(f)Exiting Lender. Substantially concurrently with the date hereof, all principal, interest, fees, and other amounts shall
be paid to the Exiting Lender in immediately available funds, whereupon such Existing Lender shall cease to be a Lender un the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Exiting Lenders Exposure shall be $0.00, the Exiting Lenders Commitments to
lend and all obligations under the Credit Agreement shall be terminated, the Exiting Lender shall cease to be a Lender for all purposes
under the Loan Documents and the Exiting Lender shall not have any rights under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided
that the rights under the Credit Agreement expressly stated to survive the termination of the Credit Agreement and the repayment of amounts
outstanding thereunder shall survive for the benefit of the Exiting Lender. The Exiting Lender joins in the execution of this Amendment
solely for purposes of effectuating this Amendment pursuant to Section 5 hereof and assigning its interests pursuant to Section
4 hereof.

[Remainder of page intentionally blank.]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

BORROWER: EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.

(F/K/A ENVIROSTAR, INC.)

By: /s/ Robert Lazar

Name: Robert Lazar

Tile: Chief Financial Officer

EXISTING GUARANTORS: CONSOLIDATED LAUNDRY EQUIPMENT, LLC

CENTRAL EQUIPMENT COMPANY, LLC

YANKEE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS, LLC

STEINER-ATLANTIC, LLC (F/K/A STEINER ATLANTIC CORP.)

DRYCLEAN USA LICENSE, LLC(F/K/A DRYCLEAN USA LICENSE CORP.) 

WESTERN STATE DESIGN, INC.

MARTIN-RAYLAUNDRY SYSTEMS, LLC (F/K/A MARTIN-RAY LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, INC.)

TRI-STATE TECHNICAL SERVICES, LLC (F/K/A TRI-STATE TECHNICAL SERVICES, INC.) 

AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, LLC (F/K/A AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, INC.)

SCOTT EQUIPMENT, LLC (F/K/A SCOTT EQUIPMENT, INC.)

INDUSTRIAL LAUNDRY SERVICES EQUIPMENT, LLC (F/K/A/ INDUSTRIAL LAUNDRY SERVICES, INC.)

WORLDWIDE LAUNDRY, LLC (F/K/A WORLDWIDE LAUNDRY, INC.)

WA ACQUISITION, LLC (F/K/A WA ACQUISITION CORP.)

SKYLINE EQUIPMENT, LLC (F/K/A SKYLINE EQUIPMENT, INC.)

PAC INDUSTRIES, LLC

PROFESSIONAL LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, LLC

TN OZONE, LLC

LARGE EQUIPMENT, LLC

COMMERCIALLAUNDRYEQUIPMENT,LLC

By: /s/ Robert Lazar

Name: Robert Lazar 

Tile: Chief Financial Officer 

SignaturePageto

SecondAmendmenttoCredit
Agreement -

EVI Industries,
Inc.

JOINING GUARANTORS: CLEAN DESIGNS, LLC

SPYNR, LLC

By: /s/ Robert Lazar

Name: Robert Lazar

Tile: Chief Financial Officer

SignaturePageto

SecondAmendmenttoCredit
Agreement -

EVI Industries,
Inc.

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT; BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: /s/ Kelly Weaver 

Name: Kelly Weaver

Tile: Vice President

SignaturePageto

SecondAmendmenttoCredit
Agreement -

EVI Industries,
Inc.

LENDERS: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

as an L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender and as a Lender

By: /s/ David R. Felicilare 

Name: David R. Felicilare 

Tile: Senior Vice President 

SignaturePageto

SecondAmendmenttoCredit
Agreement -

EVI Industries,
Inc.

WELLS FARGO BANK, 

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender

By: /s/ Jennifer Banks 

Name: Jennifer Banks

Tile: VP, Relationship Manager 

SignaturePageto

SecondAmendmenttoCredit
Agreement -

EVI Industries,
Inc.

EXITING LENDER: U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as the Exiting Lender

By: /s/ Jason Hall

Name: Jason Hall 

Tile: Vice President 

SignaturePageto

SecondAmendmenttoCredit
Agreement -

EVI Industries,
Inc.

ANNEX A

See attached.

Execution Version

ANNEX A 

TO SECOND
AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

Published CUSIP Number: 29414QAA9

Revolving Facility CUSIP Number: 29414QAB7

CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of November 2, 2018

among

EVI INDUSTRIES, INC.

(F/K/A ENVIROSTAR, INC.),

as the Borrower,

CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER PARTY
HERETO,

as the Guarantors,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and an L/C Issuer,

and

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

as Sole Lead Arranger and as Sole Bookrunner

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Article I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1

1.01 Defined Terms. 1

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. 37

1.03 Accounting Terms. 38

1.04 Rounding. 39

1.05 Times of Day. 39

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts. 39

1.07 UCC Terms. 39

1.08 Rates. 39

1.09 Divisions. 40

Article II COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 40

2.01 Loans. 40

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans. 41

2.03 Letters of Credit. 42

2.04 Swingline Loans. 52

2.05 Prepayments. 55

2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 57

2.07 Repayment of Loans. 58

2.08 Interest and Default Rate. 58

2.09 Fees. 59

2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate. 60

2.11 Evidence of Debt. 60

2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback. 61

2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. 63

2.14 Cash Collateral. 64

2.15 Defaulting Lenders. 66

2.16 Increase in Revolving Facility. 68

Article III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 70

3.01 Taxes. 70

3.02 Illegality. 75

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. 76

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

3.04 Increased Costs. 78

3.05 Compensation for Losses. 80

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 80

3.07 Survival. 81

Article IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 81

4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. 81

4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions. 84

Article V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 85

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. 85

5.02 Authorization; No Contravention. 85

5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. 85

5.04 Binding Effect. 86

5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect. 86

5.06 Litigation. 87

5.07 No Default. 87

5.08 Ownership of Property. 87

5.09 Environmental Compliance. 87

5.10 Insurance. 88

5.11 Taxes. 88

5.12 ERISA Compliance. 88

5.13 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act. 89

5.14 Disclosure. 90

5.15 Compliance with Laws. 90

5.16 Solvency. 90

5.17 Casualty, Etc. 90

5.18 Sanctions Concerns and Anti-Corruption Laws. 90

5.19 Responsible Officers. 91

5.20 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties. 91

5.21 Collateral Representations. 92

5.22 Affected Financial Institutions. 94

5.23 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 94

ii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

5.24 Labor Matters. 94

Article VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 94

6.01 Financial Statements. 94

6.02 Certificates; Other Information. 95

6.03 Notices. 98

6.04 Payment of Obligations. 99

6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 99

6.06 Maintenance of Properties. 100

6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. 100

6.08 Compliance with Laws. 101

6.09 Books and Records. 101

6.10 Inspection Rights. 101

6.11 Use of Proceeds. 101

6.12 Material Contracts. 101

6.13 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations. 102

6.14 Covenant to Give Security. 102

6.15 Further Assurances. 104

6.16 Compliance with Environmental Laws. 104

6.17 Anti-Corruption Laws. 105

Article VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 105

7.01 Liens. 105

7.02 Indebtedness. 106

7.03 Investments. 108

7.04 Fundamental Changes. 109

7.05 Dispositions. 109

7.06 Restricted Payments. 110

7.07 Change in Nature of Business. 111

7.08 Transactions with Affiliates. 111

7.09 Burdensome Agreements. 112

7.10 Use of Proceeds. 112

7.11 Financial Covenants. 112

iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

7.12 [Reserved]. 113

7.13 Amendments of Organization Documents; Fiscal Year; Legal Name, State of Formation; Form of Entity and Accounting Changes. 113

7.14 Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 113

7.15 Sanctions. 113

7.16 Anti-Corruption Laws. 113

Article VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 113

8.01 Events of Default. 113

8.02 Remedies upon Event of Default. 116

8.03 Application of Funds. 117

Article IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 118

9.01 Appointment and Authority. 118

9.02 Rights as a Lender. 119

9.03 Exculpatory Provisions. 119

9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. 120

9.05 Delegation of Duties. 121

9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent. 121

9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Other Lenders. 123

9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. 124

9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding. 124

9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters. 126

9.11 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements. 126

9.12 Certain ERISA Matters. 127

9.13 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 128

Article X CONTINUING GUARANTY 128

10.01 Guaranty. 128

10.02 Rights of Lenders. 129

10.03 Certain Waivers. 129

10.04 Obligations Independent. 130

10.05 Subrogation. 130

10.06 Termination; Reinstatement. 130

10.07 Stay of Acceleration. 131

iv

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

10.08 Condition of Borrower. 131

10.09 Appointment of Borrower. 131

10.10 Right of Contribution. 131

10.11 Keepwell. 131

Article XI MISCELLANEOUS 132

11.01 Amendments, Etc. 132

11.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications. 135

11.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. 137

11.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 138

11.05 Payments Set Aside. 140

11.06 Successors and Assigns. 140

11.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. 145

11.08 Right of Setoff. 147

11.09 Interest Rate Limitation. 148

11.10 Integration; Effectiveness. 148

11.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. 148

11.12 Severability. 148

11.13 Replacement of Lenders. 149

11.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 150

11.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. 151

11.16 Subordination. 151

11.17 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 152

11.18 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. 152

11.19 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. 153

11.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 154

11.21 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs. 154

11.22 Time of the Essence. 155

11.23 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 155

v

CREDIT AGREEMENT

This CREDIT AGREEMENT
is entered into as of November 2, 2018, among EVI INDUSTRIES, INC. (F/K/A EnviroStar, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Borrower),
the Guarantors (defined herein), the Lenders (defined herein), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender
and L/C Issuer.

PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

WHEREAS, the Loan
Parties (as hereinafter defined) have requested that the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer make loans and other financial
accommodations to the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount of up to $150,000,000.

WHEREAS, the Lenders,
the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer have agreed to make such loans and other financial accommodations to the Loan Parties on the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

1.01Defined Terms.

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

Acquisition
means the acquisition, whether through a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of (a) a majority of the Voting Stock
or other controlling ownership interest in another Person (including the purchase of an option, warrant or convertible or similar type
security to acquire such a controlling interest at the time it becomes exercisable by the holder thereof), whether by purchase of such
equity or other ownership interest or upon the exercise of an option or warrant for, or conversion of securities into, such equity or
other ownership interest, or (b) assets of another Person which constitute all or substantially all of the assets of such Person or of
a division, line of business or other business unit of such Person.

Act
has the meaning specified in Section 11.19.

Additional Secured
Obligations means (a) all obligations arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements and (b)
all costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and collection of the foregoing, including the fees, charges and disbursements
of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become
due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, expenses and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any
Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person 

1

as the debtor in such proceeding,
regardless of whether such interest, expenses and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided that Additional Secured
Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor.

Administrative
Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative
agent.

Administrative
Agents Office means the Administrative Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule
1.01(a), or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved
by the Administrative Agent.

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Affiliate
means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or
is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

Aggregate Commitments
means the Commitments of all the Lenders.

Agreement
means this Credit Agreement.

Applicable Percentage
means in respect of the Revolving Facility, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth
decimal place) of the Revolving Facility represented by such Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 2.15. If the Commitment of all of the Revolving Lenders to make Revolving Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuer
to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02, or if the Revolving Commitments have expired, then the Applicable
Percentage of each Revolving Lender in respect of the Revolving Facility shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such
Revolving Lender in respect of the Revolving Facility most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The Applicable
Percentage of each Lender in respect of the Revolving Facility is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 1.01(b)
or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable.

Applicable Rate
means, for any day, the rate per annum set forth below opposite the applicable Level then in effect (based on the Consolidated Total Net
Leverage Ratio), it being understood that the Applicable Rate for (a) Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans shall be the percentage
set forth under the column Base Rate, (b) Revolving Loans that are Term SOFR Loans shall be the percentage set forth under
the column Term SOFR & Letter of Credit Fee, (c) the Letter of Credit Fee shall be the percentage set forth under the
column Term SOFR & Letter of Credit Fee, and (d) the Commitment Fee shall be the percentage set forth under the column
Commitment Fee:

2

Applicable Rate

Level Consolidated Total Net

Leverage Ratio Term SOFR

& Letter of Credit Fee Base Rate Commitment

Fee

1 < 2.00:1.00 1.25% 0.25% 0.125%

2 2.00:1.00 but < 3.00:1.00 1.50% 0.50% 0.125%

3 3.00:1.00 1.75% 0.75% 0.15%

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable
Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately
following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b); provided, however, that if a Compliance
Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level 3
shall apply, in each case as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered
and in each case shall remain in effect until the first Business Day following the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered.
In addition, at all times while the Default Rate is in effect, the highest rate set forth in each column of the Applicable Rate shall
apply.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this definition, (a) the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b)
and (b) commencing on the Second Amendment Date, the Applicable Rate shall be set forth in Level 1 until the first Business Day immediately
following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(b) for the first full fiscal quarter to occur following
the Second Amendment Date to the Administrative Agent. Any adjustment in the Applicable Rate shall be applicable to all Credit Extensions
then existing or subsequently made or issued.

Applicable Revolving
Percentage means with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, such Revolving Lenders Applicable Percentage in respect
of the Revolving Facility at such time.

Appropriate Lender
means, at any time, (a) with respect to the Revolving Facility, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to the Revolving Facility
or holds a Loan under the Revolving Facility at such time, (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (i) the L/C Issuer and (ii)
if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.03, the Revolving Lenders and (c) with respect to the Swingline Sublimit,
(i) the Swingline Lender and (ii) if any Swingline Loans are outstanding pursuant to Section 2.04(a), the Revolving Lenders.

Approved Fund
means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity
that administers or manages a Lender.

Arranger
means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner.

3

Assignment and
Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party
whose consent is required by Section 11.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit B
or any other form (including an electronic documentation form generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative
Agent.

Attributable
Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that
would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease
Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or
instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease or other
agreement or instrument were accounted for as a Capitalized Lease and (c) all Synthetic Debt of such Person.

Audited Financial
Statements means the audited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2024, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.

Authorization
to Share Insurance Information means the authorization substantially in the form of Exhibit Q (or such other form as
required by each of the Loan Partys insurance companies).

Availability
Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date of termination
of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (iii) the date of termination of the Commitment of each Revolving Lender to
make Revolving Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which
is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking
Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution
of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration
or other insolvency proceedings).

Bank of America
means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors.

Base Rate
means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, (b) the
rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, and
(c) Term SOFR plus 

4

1.00%, subject to the interest rate floors set forth therein; provided that if the Base Rate shall be less than zero
percent, such rate shall be deemed zero percent for purposes of this Agreement. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of
America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors,
and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such
prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of
such change.

Base Rate Loan
means a Revolving Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Benefit Plan
means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan
as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes
of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan.

Borrower
has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Borrower Materials
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Borrowing
means a Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Borrowing, as the context may require.

Business Day
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in
fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located.

Capitalized Leases
means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases.

Cash Collateralize
means, to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuers or Swingline
Lender (as applicable) or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations, the Obligations in respect of Swingline Loans, or obligations
of the Revolving Lenders to fund participations in respect of either thereof (as the context may require), (a) cash or deposit account
balances, (b) backstop letters of credit entered into on terms, from issuers and in amounts satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and
the applicable L/C Issuer, and/or (c) if the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender shall agree, in their
sole discretion, other credit support, in each case, in Dollars and pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender (as applicable). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning
correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support.

5

Cash Equivalents
means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of all
Liens (other than Permitted Liens):

(a)readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or instrumentality
thereof having maturities of not more than three hundred sixty days (360) days from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that
the full faith and credit of the United States is pledged in support thereof;

(b)time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a
Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking
subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and
is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause (c)
of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least $1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than
one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of acquisition thereof;

(c)commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States and rated at least Prime-1
(or the then equivalent grade) by Moodys or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case
with maturities of not more than one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of acquisition thereof; and

(d)Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in money market investment
programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating
obtainable from either Moodys or S&P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the character, quality
and maturity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition.

Cash Management
Agreement means any agreement that is not prohibited by the terms hereof to provide treasury or cash management services, including
deposit accounts, overnight draft, credit cards, debit cards, p-cards (including purchasing cards and commercial cards), funds transfer,
automated clearinghouse, zero balance accounts, returned check concentration, controlled disbursement, lockbox, account reconciliation
and reporting and trade finance services and other cash management services.

Cash Management
Bank means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Cash Management Agreement that, (a) at the time it enters into a Cash
Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any Subsidiary, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate)
becomes a Lender, is a party to a Cash Management Agreement with a Loan Party or any Subsidiary, in each case in its capacity as a party
to such Cash Management Agreement (even if such Person ceases to be a Lender or such Persons Affiliate ceased to be a Lender);
provided, however, that for any of the foregoing to be included as a Secured Cash Management Agreement on
any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Cash Management Bank 

6

(other than the Administrative Agent or an
Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) must have delivered a Secured Party Designation Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such
date of determination.

CFC
means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code in which the Borrower or any Loan Party is a United
States shareholder within the meaning of Section 951(b) of the Code.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation
or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application
thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith
and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel
III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.

Change of Control
means an event or series of events by which:

(a)any
person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee,
agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and
13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership
of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the
passage of time (such right, an option right)), directly or indirectly, of thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the Equity
Interests of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted
basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant
to any option right); or

(b)during
any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body
of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day
of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to
in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing
body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in
clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing
body.

7

Closing Date
means the date hereof.

CME
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.

Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

Collateral
means all of the Collateral referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property that is or is intended
under the terms of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties.

Collateral Documents
means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Joinder Agreement, each of collateral assignments, security agreements, pledge agreements
or other similar agreements delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.14, and each of the other agreements, instruments
or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties.

Commitment
means a Revolving Commitment.

Commodity Exchange
Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

Communication
means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request,
statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document.

Compliance Certificate
means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

Conforming Changes
means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR,
as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational
matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate,
in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s), and to
permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative
Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for
the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary
in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document).

Connection Income
Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise
Taxes or branch profits Taxes.

8

Consolidated
means, when used with reference to financial statements or financial statement items of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any other
Person, such statements or items on a consolidated basis in accordance with the consolidation principles of GAAP.

Consolidated
EBIT means, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (a) Consolidated Net Income for the most recently completed Measurement Period plus
(b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (without duplication): (i) Consolidated Interest
Charges, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable, (iii) non-cash amortization of share-based compensation,
(iv) non-cash charges from goodwill impairments, (v) non-recurring fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions
and issuances of Equity Interests (either through private or public placement) by the Borrower, (vi) Consolidated EBIT of any Subsidiary
acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, (vii) cash distributions received on account of Investments
in unconsolidated joint ventures, (viii) the amount of net cost savings and operating expense reductions, in each case, with respect to
accounting, compensation expenses, occupancy costs, rental expenses and other cost and expense items, provided that (A) such amounts
are identifiable, quantifiable, and factually supportable in the good faith judgment of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, (B)
such net cost savings and operating expense reductions are directly attributable to a Permitted Acquisition and the benefits therefrom
are anticipated by the Borrower in good faith to be realized within 12 months of the event giving rise thereto (and shall be net of the
amount of actual benefits realized during such period) and (C) the aggregate addbacks pursuant to this clause (b)(viii) shall in no event
exceed fifteen percent (15%) of Consolidated EBIT for such period (as calculated prior to giving effect to such addbacks), and (ix) non-recurring
costs and expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

Consolidated
EBITDA means, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (a) Consolidated Net Income for the most recently completed Measurement Period plus
(b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (without duplication): (i) Consolidated Interest
Charges, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv)
non-cash amortization of share-based compensation, (v) non-cash charges from goodwill impairments, (vi) non-recurring fees, costs and
expenses incurred in connection with Permitted Acquisitions and issuances of Equity Interests (either through private or public placement)
by the Borrower, (vii) Consolidated EBITDA of any Subsidiary acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis,
(viii) cash distributions received on account of Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, (ix) the amount of net cost savings and
operating expense reductions, in each case, with respect to accounting, compensation expenses, occupancy costs, rental expenses and other
cost and expense items, provided that (A) such amounts are identifiable, quantifiable, and factually supportable in the good faith
judgment of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, (B) such net cost savings and operating expense reductions are directly attributable
to a Permitted Acquisition and the benefits therefrom are anticipated by the Borrower in good faith to be realized within 12 months of
the event giving rise thereto (and shall be net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period) and (C) the aggregate addbacks
pursuant to this clause (b)(ix) shall in 

9

no event exceed fifteen percent (15%) of Consolidated EBITDA for such period (as calculated prior
to giving effect to such addbacks), and (x) non-recurring costs and expenses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

Consolidated
Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis,
the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations
hereunder) and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; (b) all purchase money
Indebtedness; (c) the maximum amount available to be drawn under issued and outstanding letters of credit (including standby and commercial),
bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, and similar instruments; (d) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of
property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); (e) all Attributable Indebtedness; (f) all
obligations to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment prior to the Maturity Date in respect of any Equity Interests
or any warrant, right or option to acquire such Equity Interest, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater
of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; (g) without duplication, all Guarantees
with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (f) above of Persons other than the Borrower or
any Subsidiary; and (h) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above of any partnership or joint venture
(other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is a general
partner or joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to the Borrower or such Subsidiary.

Consolidated
Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges
and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price
of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, (b) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued
operations and (c) the portion of rent expense under Capitalized Leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case,
of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period.

Consolidated
Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBIT for the most recently completed
Measurement Period to (b) the cash portion of Consolidated Interest Charges for the most recently completed Measurement Period.

Consolidated
Net Income means, at any date of determination, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated
basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period; provided that Consolidated Net Income shall exclude (a) extraordinary
gains and extraordinary losses for such Measurement Period, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period to the
extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of such income is not permitted by operation
of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument or Law applicable to such Subsidiary during such Measurement Period,
except that the Borrowers equity in any net loss of any such Subsidiary for such Measurement Period shall be included in determining
Consolidated Net 

10

Income, and (c) any income (or loss) for such Measurement Period of any Person if such Person is not a Subsidiary, except
that the Borrowers equity in the net income of any such Person for such Measurement Period shall be included in Consolidated Net
Income up to the aggregate amount of cash actually distributed by such Person during such Measurement Period to the Borrower or a Subsidiary
as a dividend or other distribution (and in the case of a dividend or other distribution to a Subsidiary, such Subsidiary is not precluded
from further distributing such amount to the Borrower as described in clause (b) of this proviso).

Consolidated
Senior Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated
basis, (a) all Consolidated Funded Indebtedness less (b) all Subordinated Debt.

Consolidated
Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Senior Funded Indebtedness
less Unrestricted Cash of the Loan Parties as of such date in excess of $2,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently
completed Measurement Period.

Consolidated
Total Assets means, as of any date of determination, the total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a
Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, as set forth on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as of the last day of the most
recently ended four fiscal quarter period ending immediately prior to such date for which financial statements of the Borrower have been
delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b). Consolidated Total Assets shall be determined on a Pro Forma Basis.

Consolidated
Total Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness less
Unrestricted Cash of the Loan Parties as of such date in excess of $2,000,000 to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed
Measurement Period.

Contractual Obligation
means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which
such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

Control
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled
have meanings correlative thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Person shall be deemed to be Controlled by another
Person if such other Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to vote five percent (5%) or more of the securities having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors, managing general partners or the equivalent.

Cost of Acquisition
means, with respect to any Acquisition, as at the date of entering into any agreement therefor, the sum of the following (without duplication):
(a) the value of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to be transferred in connection with such Acquisition, (b) the
amount of any cash and fair market value of other property (excluding property described in clause (a) and the unpaid principal amount
of any debt instrument) given as 

11

consideration in connection with such Acquisition, (c) the amount (determined by using the face amount
or the amount payable at maturity, whichever is greater) of any Indebtedness incurred, assumed or acquired by the Borrower or any Subsidiary
in connection with such Acquisition, (d) all additional purchase price amounts in the form of earnouts and other contingent obligations
that should be recorded on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP in connection with such
Acquisition, (e) all amounts paid in respect of covenants not to compete and consulting agreements that should be recorded on the financial
statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, and other affiliated contracts in connection with such Acquisition,
and (f) the aggregate fair market value of all other consideration given by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with such Acquisition.
For purposes of determining the Cost of Acquisition for any transaction, the Equity Interests of the Borrower shall be valued in accordance
with GAAP.

Covered Entity
means any of the following: (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b);
or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b).

Credit Extension
means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.

Daily Simple
SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New
Yorks website (or any successor source).

Debtor Relief
Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for
the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United
States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.

Default
means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both,
would be an Event of Default.

Default Rate
means (a) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is specified, a rate per annum equal to two percent (2%) in excess of the rate
otherwise applicable thereto and (b) with respect to any Obligation for which a rate is not specified or available, a rate per annum equal
to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans plus two percent (2%), in each case,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law.

Default Right
has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable.

Defaulting Lender
means, subject to Section 2.15(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business
Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower
in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders determination that one or more 

12

conditions precedent to funding (each
of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied,
or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid
by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the
date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in writing that it does
not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public
statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders
determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically
identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request
by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with
its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this
clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect
parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian,
conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation
of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting
in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely
by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a
Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction
of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or
such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination
by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and the effective
date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender
(subject to Section 2.15(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination,
which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender and each other Lender promptly
following such determination.

Designated Jurisdiction
means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanction.

Disposition
or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction
and a transfer of assets via a limited liability company division) of any property by any Loan Party or Subsidiary (or the granting of
any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse,
of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding any Involuntary Disposition.

13

Dollar
and $ mean lawful money of the United States.

Domestic Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States.

EEA Financial
Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the
supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described
in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution
Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA
Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

Electronic Record
and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may
be amended from time to time.

Eligible Assignee
means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 11.06 (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required
under Section 11.06(b)(iii)).

Environmental
Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders,
decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection
of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air
emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

Environmental
Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation,
fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly
resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment
or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous
Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or
imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.

Environmental
Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.

Equity Interests
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all
of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership

14

or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership
or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or
such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests
therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on
any date of determination.

Equity Issuance
means, any issuance by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to any Person of its Equity Interests, other than (a) any issuance of its Equity
Interests pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants, (b) any issuance of its Equity Interests pursuant to the conversion of any
debt securities to equity or the conversion of any class of equity securities to any other class of equity securities, (c) any issuance
of options or warrants relating to its Equity Interests, and (d) any issuance by the Borrower of its Equity Interests as consideration
for a Permitted Acquisition. The term Equity Issuance shall not be deemed to include any Disposition.

ERISA
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Sections 414(b)
or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code).

ERISA Event
means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension
Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section
4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or
partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization;
(d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A
of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds
under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination
that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431
and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for
PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or (i) a failure by the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate to meet all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of a Pension Plan, whether or not
waived, or the failure by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan.

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in
effect from time to time.

Event of Default
has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.

15

Excluded Property
means, with respect to any Loan Party, (a) any owned or leased real property, (b) unless requested by the Administrative Agent or the
Required Lenders, any Intellectual Property for which a perfected Lien thereon is not effected either by filing of a UCC financing statement
or by appropriate evidence of such Lien being filed in either the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark
Office and (c) the Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary of any Loan Party to the extent not required to be pledged to secure the
Secured Obligations pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

Excluded Swap
Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guaranty
of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a Lien to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes
illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application
or official interpretation thereof) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract
participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 10.11 and any other keepwell,
support or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all guarantees of such Guarantors Swap Obligations
by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guaranty of such Guarantor, or grant by such Guarantor of a Lien, becomes effective with respect
to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap Contract, such exclusion shall
apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swap Contracts for which such Guaranty or Lien is or becomes
excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to
a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each
case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any
Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other
Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such
Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender
acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 11.13) or
(ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Sections 3.01(a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (c),
amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto
or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply
with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

Existing Credit
Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 among the Borrower and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

Facility Termination
Date means the date as of which all of the following shall have occurred: (a) the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, (b)
all Obligations have been paid in 

16

full (other than contingent indemnification obligations), and (c) all Letters of Credit have terminated
or expired (other than Letters of Credit as to which other arrangements with respect thereto satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and the L/C Issuer shall have been made).

FASB ASC
means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.

FATCA
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.

Federal Funds
Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions
with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such
day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions
on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, (b) if no such rate is so published on such next
succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple
of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent and (c) if the Federal
Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero percent, such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent for purposes of this Agreement.

Fee Letter
means the letter agreement, dated August 23, 2018, between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
Smith Incorporated (as predecessor to BofA Securities, Inc.) in its capacity as an Arranger, and as supplemented by that certain fee letter,
dated February 28, 2025, between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Arranger.

Foreign Lender
means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender
that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For
purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single
jurisdiction.

Foreign Subsidiary
means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

FRB
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States.

Fronting Exposure
means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders
Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation
obligation has been reallocated to other Revolving Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect
to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than Swingline Loans as to which
such 

17

Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Revolving Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance
with the terms hereof.

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.

Funding Indemnity
Letter means a funding indemnity letter, substantially in the form of Exhibit N.

GAAP
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of
the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession) including,
without limitation, the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination,
consistently applied and subject to Section 1.03.

Governmental
Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state
or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including, without limitation, any
supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).

Guarantee
means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing
any Indebtedness of the kind described in clauses (a) through (g) of the definition thereof or other obligation payable or performable
by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation
of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness
or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of
such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working
capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor
so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in
any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such
obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness
of the kind described in clauses (a) through (g) of the definition thereof or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such
Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed or expressly undertaken by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder
of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable
amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable,
the maximum 

18

reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee
as a verb has a corresponding meaning.

Guaranteed Obligations
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01.

Guarantors
means, collectively, (a) the Subsidiaries of the Borrower as are or may from time to time become parties to this Agreement pursuant to
Section 6.13, and (b) with respect to Additional Secured Obligations owing by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Swap Obligation
of a Specified Loan Party (determined before giving effect to Sections 10.01 and 10.11) under the Guaranty, the Borrower; provided,
that Dryclean USA Development Corp. and Biz Brokers International, Inc. shall not be required to be Guarantors hereunder
for so long as they are dormant entities.

Guaranty
means, collectively, the Guarantee made by the Guarantors under Article X in favor of the Secured Parties, together with each other guaranty
delivered pursuant to Section 6.13.

Hazardous Materials
means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum
or petroleum distillates, natural gas, natural gas liquids, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon
gas, toxic mold, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances, wastes, chemicals, pollutants, contaminants or compounds of any
nature in any form regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

Hedge Bank
means any Person in its capacity as a party to a Swap Contract that, (a) at the time it enters into a Swap Contract not prohibited under
Article VI or VII, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) at the time it (or its Affiliate) becomes a Lender, is a party to a
Swap Contract not prohibited under Article VI or VII, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Contract (even if such Person
ceases to be a Lender or such Persons Affiliate ceased to be a Lender); provided, in the case of a Secured Hedge Agreement
with a Person who is no longer a Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender), such Person shall be considered a Hedge Bank only through the stated
termination date (without extension or renewal) of such Secured Hedge Agreement and provided further that for any of the foregoing to
be included as a Secured Hedge Agreement on any date of determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Hedge
Bank (other than the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) must have delivered a Secured Party Designation
Notice to the Administrative Agent prior to such date of determination.

Honor Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c).

Indebtedness
means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities
in accordance with GAAP:

(a)all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan
agreements or other similar instruments;

19

(b)the
maximum amount of all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial),
bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

(c)net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;

(d)all
obligations (including, without limitation, earnout obligations) of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services
(other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and not past due for more than sixty (60) days after the date on
which such trade account was created);

(e)indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including
indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed
by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(f)all Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capitalized Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person and all Synthetic
Debt of such Person;

(g)all
obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such
Person or any other Person or any warrant, right or option to acquire such Equity Interest, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred
interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and

(h)all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing.

For all purposes hereof,
the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is
itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness
is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to
be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date.

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan
Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitees
has the meaning specified in Section 11.04(b).

Information
has the meaning specified in Section 11.07.

Intellectual
Property has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement.

Intercompany
Debt has the meaning specified in Section 7.02.

20

Interest Payment
Date means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date;
provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that
fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate
Loan or Swingline Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date (with Swingline Loans
being deemed made under the Revolving Facility for purposes of this definition).

Interest Period
means, as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a
Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability), as selected
by the Borrower in its Loan Notice; provided that:

(a)any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall
end on the next preceding Business Day;

(b)any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day
of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and

(c)no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date.

Investment
means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other
acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of,
or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person (including any partnership or joint venture interest
in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor guaranties Indebtedness of such other Person), or (c) the purchase
or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person which constitute all or substantially
all of the assets of such Person or of a division, line of business or other business unit of such Person. For purposes of covenant compliance,
the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value
of such Investment.

Involuntary Disposition
means any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of any Loan Party
or any Subsidiary.

IRS
means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

ISP
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International
Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).

21

Issuer Documents
means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered
into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit.

Joinder Agreement
means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D executed and delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section
6.13.

Laws
means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances,
codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties,
requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having
the force of law.

L/C Advance
means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with
its Applicable Revolving Percentage.

L/C Borrowing
means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or
refinanced as a Revolving Borrowing.

L/C Credit Extension
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount
thereof.

L/C Issuer
means (a) Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or (b) any other Lender that agrees in writing to
be an L/C Issuer with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and any successor to any of the foregoing. For purposes
of each Loan Document, references to the L/C Issuer in connection with or as applied to a particular Letter of Credit shall
be deemed to refer to the applicable L/C Issuer that issued or will issue such Letter of Credit; references to the L/C Issuer
in all other contexts shall, unless otherwise clearly indicated, be deemed to refer to all L/C Issuers.

L/C Obligations
means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate
of all Unreimbursed Amounts (including all L/C Borrowings). For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter
of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06. For all purposes of this Agreement,
if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of
the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining
available to be drawn.

Lender
means each of the Persons identified as a Lender on the signature pages hereto, each other Person that becomes a Lender
in accordance with this Agreement and, their successors and assigns and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Swingline
Lender.

22

Lender Recipient
Party means collectively, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender and each L/C Issuer.

Lending Office
means, as to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, the office or offices of such Person described as such in such Persons
Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as such Person may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent; which office may include any Affiliate of such Person or any domestic or foreign branch of such Person or such Affiliate.

Letter of Credit
means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder.

Letter of Credit
Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to
time in use by the L/C Issuer.

Letter of Credit
Expiration Date means the day that is seven (7) days prior to the Maturity Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the
next preceding Business Day).

Letter of Credit
Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h).

Letter of Credit
Report means a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit K or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.

Letter of Credit
Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $15,000,000 and (b) the Revolving Facility. The Letter of Credit Sublimit
is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility.

Lien
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), charge, or preference,
priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever
(including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property
and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Loan
means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II in the form of a Revolving Loan or a Swingline Loan.

Loan Documents
means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) the Guaranty, (d) the Collateral Documents, (e) the Fee Letter, (f) each Issuer
Document, (g) each Joinder Agreement, (h) any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of
Section 2.14 and (i) all other certificates, agreements, documents and instruments executed and delivered, in each case, by or on behalf
of any Loan Party pursuant to the foregoing (but specifically excluding any Secured Hedge Agreement or any Secured Cash Management Agreement);
provided, however, that for purposes of Section 11.01, Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Guaranty and the Collateral
Documents.

Loan Notice
means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, pursuant
to Section 2.02(a), which shall 

23

be substantially in the form of Exhibit E or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative
Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent),
appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

Loan Parties
means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.

Master Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Swap Contract.

Material Adverse
Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the operations, business, assets, properties,
liabilities (actual or contingent), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document,
or of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse
effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party.

Material Contract
means, with respect to any Person, each contract or agreement (a) to which such Person is a party involving aggregate consideration payable
to or by such Person of $11,250,000 or more in any year or (b) otherwise material to the business, condition (financial or otherwise),
operations, performance, or properties of such Person or (c) any other contract, agreement, permit or license, written or oral, of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto, individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Maturity Date
means March 26, 2030; provided, however, that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall
be the next preceding Business Day.

Measurement Period
means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four (4) fiscal quarters of the Borrower or, if fewer than four (4) consecutive
fiscal quarters of the Borrower have been completed since the Closing Date, the fiscal quarters of the Borrower that have been completed
since the Closing Date.

Minimum Collateral
Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce
or eliminate Fronting Exposure during any period when a Lender constitutes a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 105% of the Fronting
Exposure of the L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral
consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.14(a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii),
an amount equal to 105% of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative
Agent and the L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.

Moodys
means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.

24

Multiemployer
Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been obligated to make
contributions.

Multiple Employer
Plan means a Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two
of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA.

Non-Consenting
Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders
or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 11.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders.

Non-Defaulting
Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.

Note
means a Revolving Note.

Notice of Additional
L/C Issuer means a certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit L or any other form approved by the Administrative
Agent.

Notice of Loan
Prepayment means a notice of prepayment with respect to a Loan, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit R
or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission
system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer.

Obligations
means (a) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document
or otherwise with respect to any Loan, or Letter of Credit and (b) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcement and
collection of the foregoing, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in each case whether direct or indirect (including
those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest,
expenses and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof pursuant to any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, expenses and fees
are allowed claims in such proceeding; provided that Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations with
respect to such Guarantor.

OFAC
means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury.

Organization
Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent
or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the
certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement or limited liability 

25

company agreement (or equivalent or
comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form
of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable
documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (d) with respect to all entities, any agreement, instrument, filing or notice
with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction
of its formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction).

Other Connection
Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient
and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party
to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to
an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06).

Outstanding Amount
means (a) with respect to Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving
effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date;
and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C
Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including
as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.

Participant
has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d).

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(d).

PBGC
means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

Pension Act
means the Pension Protection Act of 2006.

Pension Funding
Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof)
to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Act, Section 412 of the
Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code
and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.

26

Pension Plan
means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan or a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed
to by the Borrower and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under
Section 412 of the Code.

Permitted Acquisition
means an Acquisition by a Loan Party (the Person or division, line of business or other business unit of the Person to be acquired in
such Acquisition shall be referred to herein as the Target), in each case that is a type of business (or assets used
in a type of business) permitted to be engaged in by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 7.07, in each case so long
as:

(a)no Default shall then exist or would exist after giving effect thereto;

(b)the
Loan Parties shall demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent that, after giving effect to the Acquisition
on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties are in Pro Forma Compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11;

(c)the
Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have received (or shall receive in connection with the closing of such
Acquisition) a first priority perfected security interest in all property (including, without limitation, Equity Interests) acquired
with respect to the Target in accordance with the terms of Section 6.14 and the Target, if a Person, shall have executed a Joinder Agreement
in accordance with the terms of Section 6.13;

(d)the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received not less than thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of any such Acquisition
(i) a description of the material terms of such Acquisition, (ii) if the aggregate Cost of Acquisition paid by the Loan Parties and their
Subsidiaries is in excess of $45,000,000 (each such Acquisition, a Material Acquisition), (A) audited financial
statements of the Target for its most recent fiscal year and reviewed financial statements for any fiscal quarters ended within the fiscal
year to date, (B) a quality of earnings report or (C) an independent verification of the Targets financial performance in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (iii) Consolidated projected income statements of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries (giving effect to such Acquisition), and (iv) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the consummation of any
Permitted Acquisition, a Permitted Acquisition Certificate, executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that such Permitted
Acquisition complies with the requirements of this Agreement;

(e)if
the Cost of Acquisition paid by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is in excess of $7,500,000, the Target shall have earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the four (4) fiscal quarter period prior to the acquisition date in an amount greater
than $0; and

27

(f)such
Acquisition shall not be a hostile Acquisition and shall have been approved by the board of directors (or equivalent) and/or
shareholders (or equivalent) of the applicable Loan Party and the Target.

Permitted Acquisition
Certificate means a certificate substantially the form of Exhibit F or any other form approved by the Administrative
Agent.

Permitted Liens
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

Permitted Transfers
means (a) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) Dispositions of property to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
provided, that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party then the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party; (c) Dispositions
of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; (d) licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted
to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (e) the sale or disposition
of Cash Equivalents for fair market value; and (f) leases of equipment in the ordinary course of business.

Person
means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

Plan
means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any
of its employees.

Platform
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

Pledged Equity
has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.

Pro Forma Basis
and Pro Forma Effect means, for any Disposition of all or substantially all of a division or a line of business or
for any Acquisition, whether actual or proposed, for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section
7.11, each such transaction or proposed transaction shall be deemed to have occurred on and as of the first day of the relevant Measurement
Period, and the following pro forma adjustments shall be made:

(a)in the case of an actual or proposed Disposition, all income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the
line of business or the Person subject to such Disposition shall be excluded from the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for
such Measurement Period;

(b)in
the case of an actual or proposed Acquisition, income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property, line
of business or the Person subject to such Acquisition shall be included in the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such
Measurement Period;

28

(c)interest
accrued during the relevant Measurement Period on, and the principal of, any Indebtedness repaid or to be repaid or refinanced in such
transaction shall be excluded from the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period; and

(d)any
Indebtedness actually or proposed to be incurred or assumed in such transaction shall be deemed to have been incurred as of the first
day of the applicable Measurement Period, and interest thereon shall be deemed to have accrued from such day on such Indebtedness at
the applicable rates provided therefor (and in the case of interest that does or would accrue at a formula or floating rate, at the rate
in effect at the time of determination) and shall be included in the results of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement
Period.

Pro Forma Compliance
means, with respect to any transaction, that such transaction does not cause, create or result in a Default after giving Pro Forma Effect,
based upon the results of operations for the most recently completed Measurement Period to (a) such transaction and (b) all other transactions
which are contemplated or required to be given Pro Forma Effect hereunder that have occurred on or after the first day of the relevant
Measurement Period.

PTE
means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time
to time.

Public Lender
has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.

QFC
has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C.
5390(c)(8)(D).

QFC Credit Support
has the meaning specified in Section 11.21.

Qualified ECP
Guarantor means, at any time, each Loan Party with total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an
eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible
contract participant at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Qualifying Control
Agreement means an agreement, among a Loan Party, a depository institution or securities intermediary and the Administrative
Agent, which agreement is in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and which provides the Administrative Agent with
control (as such term is used in Article 9 of the UCC) over the deposit account(s) or securities account(s) described therein.

Recipient
means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation
of any Loan Party hereunder.

Register
has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(c).

29

Regulation U
means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

Related Parties
means, with respect to any Person, such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees,
administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates.

Reportable Event
means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been
waived.

Request for Credit
Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Revolving Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect
to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swingline Loan, a Swingline Loan Notice.

Required Lenders
means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders; provided
that, when there are three (3) or fewer Lenders, approval from at least two (2) Lenders shall also be required. The Total Credit Exposure
of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that, the amount of any participation
in any Swingline Loan and Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded
by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swingline Lender or L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making such
determination.

Rescindable Amount
has the meaning as defined in Section 2.12(b)(ii).

Resignation Effective
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06.

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

Responsible Officer
means the chief executive officer, president, executive vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller
of a Loan Party, solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant
secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee of the applicable
Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of
the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any
document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized
by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively
presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, each Responsible Officer will
provide an incumbency certificate and to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, appropriate authorization documentation, in
form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

30

Restricted Payment
means (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any shares (or equivalent) of any class of Equity Interests
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (b) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment,
purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares (or equivalent) of any class of Equity Interests of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding
warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now
or hereafter outstanding, and (d) any payment with respect to any earnout obligation.

Revolving Borrowing
means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest
Period made by each of the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(b).

Revolving Commitment
means, as to each Revolving Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b), (b) purchase
participations in L/C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swingline Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time
outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.01(b) under the caption Revolving
Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable,
as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The Revolving Commitment of all of the Revolving Lenders
on the Second Amendment Date shall be $150,000,000.

Revolving Exposure
means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of its outstanding Revolving Loans and such Lenders
participation in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans at such time.

Revolving Facility
means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitments at such time.

Revolving Lender
means, at any time, (a) so long as any Revolving Commitment is in effect, any Lender that has a Revolving Commitment at such time or (b)
if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, any Lender that has a Revolving Loan or a participation in L/C Obligations or
Swingline Loans at such time.

Revolving Loan
has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b).

Revolving Note
means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Revolving Lender evidencing Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, as the case
may be, made by such Revolving Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit G.

S&P
means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any successor thereto.

31

Sale and Leaseback
Transaction means, with respect to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person
whereby such Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes
as the property being sold or transferred.

Sanction(s)
means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT) or other relevant sanctions authority.

Scheduled Unavailability
Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c).

SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.

Second Amendment
Date means March 26, 2025.

Secured Cash
Management Agreement means any Cash Management Agreement between the any Loan Party and any of its Subsidiaries and any Cash
Management Bank.

Secured Hedge
Agreement means any interest rate, currency, foreign exchange, or commodity Swap Contract not prohibited under Article VI or
VII between any Loan Party and any of its Subsidiaries and any Hedge Bank.

Secured Obligations
means all Obligations and all Additional Secured Obligations.

Secured Parties
means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks, the Indemnitees
and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05.

Secured Party
Designation Notice means a notice from any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit H.

Securities Act
means the Securities Act of 1933, including all amendments thereto and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Security Agreement
means the security and pledge agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, executed in favor of the Administrative Agent by each of the Loan
Parties.

SOFR
means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator).

SOFR Adjustment
means, with respect to Daily Simple SOFR, 0.26161% (26.161 basis points), and, with respect to Term SOFR, 0.11448% (11.448 basis points)
for an Interest Period of one-months duration, 0.26161% (26.161 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration,
and 0.42826% (42.826 basis points) for an Interest Period of six-months duration.

32

Solvency Certificate
means a solvency certificate in substantially in the form of Exhibit I.

Solvent
and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value
of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b)
the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability
of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will,
incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not
engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Persons property
would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and
other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed
as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be
expected to become an actual or matured liability.

Specified Loan
Party means any Loan Party that is not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act
(determined prior to giving effect to Section 10.11).

Subordinated
Debt means Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party (a) which by it terms is subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment
in full of the Obligations and (b) the other terms and conditions of which are in all respects acceptable to the Administrative Agent
in its sole, reasonable discretion.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of
the shares of Voting Stock is at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary
or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower.

Successor Rate
has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b).

Supported QFC
has the meaning specified in Section 11.21.

Swap Contract
means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps,
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options
or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions,
cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency
options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter
into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all
transactions of any kind, and 

33

the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of
master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement,
or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement),
including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.

Swap Obligations
means with respect to any Guarantor any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap
within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Swap Termination
Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and
termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced
in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market
or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate
of a Lender).

Swingline Borrowing
means a borrowing of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.04.

Swingline Lender
means Bank of America in its capacity as provider of Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder.

Swingline Loan
has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a).

Swingline Loan
Notice means a notice of a Swingline Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit
J or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission
system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.

Swingline Sublimit
means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) $7,500,000 and (b) the Revolving Facility. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition
to, the Revolving Facility.

Synthetic Debt
means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination thereof, all obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered
into by such Person that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds (including any minority interest transactions that
function primarily as a borrowing) but are not otherwise included in the definition of Indebtedness or as a liability on
the Consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

Synthetic Lease
Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease,
or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including Sale and Leaseback Transactions), in each case, creating 

34

obligations
that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would
be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).

Target
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Permitted Acquisition.

Taxes
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR
means:

(a) for any Interest
Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not
published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities
Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and

(b) for any interest
calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not published prior
to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business
Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such term;

provided that if
Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than
zero percent, Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero percent for purposes of this Agreement.

Term SOFR Loan
means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR.

Term SOFR Screen
Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may
be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time).

Threshold Amount
means $7,500,000.

Total Credit
Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Exposure of such Lender at such time.

Total Revolving
Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and L/C Obligations.

35

Type
means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan.

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York; provided that, if perfection or the effect of perfection
or non-perfection or the priority of any security interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to
time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection
or priority.

UCP
means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce
(ICC) Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).

UK Financial
Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to
time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms,
and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution
Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of
any UK Financial Institution.

United States
and U.S. mean the United States of America.

Unreimbursed
Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i).

Unrestricted
Cash means cash or Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties that would not appear as restricted on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided that such cash or Cash Equivalents are (a) on deposit at Bank of America,
or (b) held in an account that is subject to a Qualifying Control Agreement.

U.S. Loan Party
means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of one of the states of the United States and that is not a CFC.

U.S. Government
Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in United States government securities.

U.S. Person
means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Special
Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 11.21.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(3).

36

Voting Stock
means, with respect to any Person, Equity Interests issued by such Person the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies,
entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even though the right to so vote
has been suspended by the happening of such contingency.

Write-Down and
Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion
powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution
or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations
of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised
under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related
to or ancillary to any of those powers.

1.02Other Interpretive Provisions.

With reference to this
Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:

(a)The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context
may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes
and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any
definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including the Loan Documents and any Organization Document)
shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, modified,
extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications
set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Persons
successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein, hereof and hereunder,
and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not
to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and
Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Preliminary Statements, Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document
in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory rules, regulations, orders and
provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless
otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced or supplemented from time
to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be 

37

construed to have the same meaning and effect and
to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

(b)In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from
and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through
means to and including.

(c)Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

1.03Accounting Terms.

(a)Generally.
All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including
financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity
with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing
the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of
determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB
ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.

(b)Changes
in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan
Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall
negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject
to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be
computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation
between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. Without limiting the foregoing,
leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements
for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a
mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above.

(c)Pro
Forma Treatment. Each Disposition of all or substantially all of a line of business, and each Acquisition, by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries that is consummated during any Measurement Period shall, for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenants
set forth in Section 7.11 and for purposes of 

38

determining the Applicable Rate, be given Pro Forma Effect as of the first day of such
Measurement Period.

1.04Rounding.

Any financial ratios required
to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component,
carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or
down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).

1.05Times
of Day.

Unless otherwise specified,
all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).

1.06Letter
of Credit Amounts.

Unless otherwise specified
herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such
time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document
related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall
be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum
stated amount is in effect at such time.

1.07UCC
Terms.

Terms defined in the UCC
in effect on the Closing Date and not otherwise defined herein shall, unless the context otherwise indicates, have the meanings provided
by those definitions. Subject to the foregoing, the term UCC refers, as of any date of determination, to the UCC then in
effect.

1.08Rates.

The Administrative Agent
does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration,
submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any other rate (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or
successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect
of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage
in unrelated transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement
rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments
thereto, in each case, in a manner that may be adverse to the Borrower. The 

39

Administrative Agent may select information sources or services
in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including,
without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect,
special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether
at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of
any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

1.09Divisions.

For all purposes under
the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different
jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability
of a different Person, than it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if
any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the
holders of its Equity Interests at such time.

Article
II

COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS

2.01Loans.

(a)[Reserved].

(b)Revolving Borrowings. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make
loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan) to the Borrower, in Dollars, from time to time, on any Business Day during
the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders Revolving Commitment;
provided, however, that after giving effect to any Revolving Borrowing, (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed
the Revolving Facility, and (ii) the Revolving Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitment.
Within the limits of each Revolving Lenders Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower
may borrow Revolving Loans, prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b). Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans
or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein; provided, however, any Revolving Borrowings made on the Closing Date or
any of the three (3) Business Days following the Closing Date shall be made as Base Rate Loans unless the Borrower delivers a Funding
Indemnity Letter not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the date of such Revolving Borrowing.

40

2.02Borrowings,
Conversions and Continuations of Loans.

(a)Notice
of Borrowing. Each Borrowing, each conversion of Loans (other than Swingline Loans) from one Type to the other, and each continuation
of Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by: (A)
telephone or (B) a Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative
Agent of a Loan Notice. Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) two (2) Business
Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR
Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation
of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in
Sections 2.03(c) and 2.04(c), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole
multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan Notice and each telephonic notice shall specify (A) whether the Borrower is requesting
a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, as the case may be, (B) the requested
date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (C) the principal amount of Loans
to be borrowed, converted or continued, (D) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (E)
if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice
or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as,
or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest
Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation
of Term SOFR Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest
Period of one (1) month. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Swingline Loan may not be converted to a Term SOFR Loan.

(b)Advances.
Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the amount of its Applicable
Percentage under the Revolving Facility of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided
by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Appropriate Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate
Loans described in Section 2.02(a). In the case of a Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to
the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business
Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing
is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in
like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America
with the amount of such funds 

41

or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably
acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date a Loan Notice with respect
to a Revolving Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Borrowing,
first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available to the Borrower
as provided above.

(c)Term
SOFR Loans. Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest
Period for such Term SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term SOFR
Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the outstanding Term SOFR Loans
be converted immediately to Base Rate Loans.

(d)Interest
Rates. Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive
and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error.

(e)Interest
Periods. After giving effect to all Revolving Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Loans from one Type to the other, and all
continuations of Revolving Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect in respect of the
Revolving Facility.

(f)Cashless
Settlement Mechanism. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all
or the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the
terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lender.

(g)With
respect to Term SOFR the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such
amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and
the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.

2.03Letters of Credit.

(a)The
Letter of Credit Commitment.

(i)Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set
forth in this Section, (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration
Date, to issue Letters of Credit 

42

for the account of the Borrower or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties, and to amend
Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.03(b), and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit;
and (B) the Revolving Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries
and any drawings thereunder; provided that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit,
(x) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Facility, (y) the Revolving Exposure of any Revolving Lender shall
not exceed such Lenders Revolving Commitment, and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter
of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation
by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence.
Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers ability to obtain Letters of Credit
shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters
of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed.

(ii)The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit if:

(A)the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve (12) months after the date of issuance, unless the
Required Lenders have approved such expiry date; or

(B)the expiry date of the requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Revolving
Lenders have approved such expiry date.

(iii)The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:

(A)any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the
L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer
refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with
respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated
hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not
applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;

43

(B)the
issuance of the Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;

(C)except
as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $100,000;

(D)the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars;

(E)any Revolving Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery
of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Revolving Lender to eliminate the
L/C Issuers actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender
arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which
the L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or

(F)the
Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder.

(iv)The
L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in
its amended form under the terms hereof.

(v)The
L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to
issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept
the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit.

(vi)The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents
associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article
IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed
to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent
as used in Article IX included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect
to the L/C Issuer.

(b)Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit.

44

(i)Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower and/or such Subsidiary, as required by the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by fax transmission,
by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the L/C Issuer, by personal delivery
or by any other means acceptable to the L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two (2) Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer
may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may
be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and
detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day);
(B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented
by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case
of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer
may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify
in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which
shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. Additionally,
the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested
Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.

(ii)Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone
or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the
L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving
Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment
of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in Article IV shall not then be satisfied, then,
subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the
Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the
L/C Issuers usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender
shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter
of Credit 

45

in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Lenders Applicable Revolving Percentage times the amount of such
Letter of Credit.

(iii)Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto
or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy
of such Letter of Credit or amendment.

(c)Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations.

(i)Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer
shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by the L/C Issuer
under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date), the Borrower shall reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer
directly in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse such L/C Issuer by such time, such L/C
Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent, and upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each Revolving Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount), and the
amount of such Revolving Lenders Applicable Revolving Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested
a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard
to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized
portion of the Revolving Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice
given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed
in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such
notice.

(ii)Each Revolving Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may
apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the L/C Issuer at the Administrative Agents Office in an amount
equal to its Applicable Revolving Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such
notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.03(c)(iii), each Revolving Lender that so makes
funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the
funds so received to the L/C Issuer.

(iii)With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions
set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower 

46

shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer
an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand
(together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Revolving Lenders payment to the Administrative
Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such
L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section.

(iv)Until each Revolving Lender funds its Revolving Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer
for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lenders Applicable Revolving Percentage of such amount
shall be solely for the account of the L/C Issuer.

(v)Each Revolving Lenders obligation to make Revolving Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn
under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.03(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the L/C Issuer,
the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default; or (C) any
other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Revolving
Lenders obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02
(other than delivery by the Borrower of a Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation
of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together
with interest as provided herein.

(vi)If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer any amount required
to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(ii), then,
without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through
the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date
on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and
a rate determined by the L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing
or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest
and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Revolving Loan included in the relevant Revolving Borrowing
or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the L/C Issuer 

47

submitted to any Revolving
Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.03(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent
manifest error.

(d)Repayment of Participations.

(i)At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Lender such
Lenders L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.03(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for the
account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower
or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute
to such Lender its Applicable Revolving Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.

(ii)If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) is required
to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C
Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable
Revolving Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such
amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of
the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

(e)Obligations Absolute. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit
and to repay each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following:

(i)any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

(ii)the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time
against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee
may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement or by such Letter of Credit, the transactions
contemplated hereby or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii)any draft, demand, endorsement, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with such Letter of Credit proving
to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being 

48

untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or
any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv)waiver by the L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for the L/C Issuers protection and not the protection of the Borrower
or any waiver by the L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower;

(v)honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft;

(vi)any payment made by the L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration
date of, or the date by which documents must be received under, such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by
the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable;

(vii)any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly
comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting
to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative
of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law; or

(viii)any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance
that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

The Borrower shall promptly
examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance
with the Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall
be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid.

(f)Role of L/C Issuer. Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer
shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight or time draft, certificates and documents expressly required
by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person
executing or delivering any such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor
any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection
herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Lenders or the Required Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or
omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or 

49

(iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability
of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or
omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that this
assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrowers pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the
beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective
Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters
described in Section 2.03(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower
may have a claim against the L/C Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any
direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves, as determined by a final
nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, were caused by the L/C Issuers willful misconduct or gross negligence
or the L/C Issuers willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight
or time draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation
of the foregoing, the L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation,
regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of
any instrument transferring, endorsing or assigning or purporting to transfer, endorse or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits
thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. The L/C Issuer may send
a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
(SWIFT) message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communicating with a beneficiary.

(g)Applicability of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower
when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the L/C Issuer
shall not be responsible to the Borrower for, and the L/C Issuers rights and remedies against the Borrower shall not be impaired
by, any action or inaction of the L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to
be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary
is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary
of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA),
or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.

(h)Letter of Credit Fees. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender in accordance,
subject to Section 2.15, with its Applicable Revolving Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee)
for 

50

each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Letter
of Credit Fees shall be (1) due and payable on the first Business Day following each fiscal quarter end, commencing with the first such
date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (2) computed
on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn
under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that
such Applicable Rate was in effect.

(i)Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer. The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer
for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum of 0.125%, computed on the daily amount
available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on or prior
to the date that is ten (10) Business Days following each fiscal quarter end, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance
of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount
available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06.
In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and
other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect.
Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.

(j)Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document,
the terms hereof shall control.

(k)L/C Issuer Reports to the Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer shall,
in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, provide the Administrative Agent a Letter of Credit Report,
as set forth below:

(i)reasonably prior to the time that such L/C Issuer issues, amends, renews, increases or extends a Letter of Credit, the date of
such issuance, amendment, renewal, increase or extension and the stated amount of the applicable Letter of Credit after giving effect
to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amount thereof shall have changed);

(ii)on each Business Day on which such L/C Issuer makes a payment pursuant to a Letter of Credit, the date and amount of such payment;

(iii)on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse a payment made pursuant to a Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed
to such L/C Issuer on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment;

51

(iv)on
any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued
by such L/C Issuer; and

(v)for
so long as any Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer is outstanding, such L/C Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A)
on the last Business Day of each calendar month, (B) at all other times a Letter of Credit Report is required to be delivered pursuant
to this Agreement, and (C) on each date that (1) an L/C Credit Extension occurs or (2) there is any expiration, cancellation and/or disbursement,
in each case, with respect to any such Letter of Credit, a Letter of Credit Report appropriately completed with the information for every
outstanding Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer.

(l)Additional
L/C Issuers. Any Lender hereunder may become an L/C Issuer upon (i) the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and
(ii) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer which shall be signed by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer.

(m)Letters
of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations
of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings
under such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries
inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrowers business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such
Subsidiaries.

2.04Swingline Loans.

(a)The
Swingline. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the other
Lenders set forth in this Section, shall make loans to the Borrower (each such loan, a Swingline Loan). Each such
Swingline Loan shall be made, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to the Borrower, in Dollars, from time to time on
any Business Day. During the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swingline
Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swingline Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Revolving Percentage of the Outstanding
Amount of Revolving Loans and L/C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swingline Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lenders
Revolving Commitment; provided, however, that (i) after giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (A) the Total Revolving Outstandings
shall not exceed the Revolving Facility at such time, and (B) the Revolving Exposure of any Revolving Lender at such time shall not exceed
such Lenders Revolving Commitment, (ii) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swingline Loan to refinance any outstanding
Swingline Loan, and (iii) the Swingline Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swingline Loan if it shall determine (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure.
Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may 

52

borrow under this Section, prepay
under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section. Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest only at a rate based on the Base Rate plus
the Applicable Rate. Immediately upon the making of a Swingline Loan, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swingline Lender a risk participation in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to the
product of such Revolving Lenders Applicable Revolving Percentage times the amount of such Swingline Loan.

(b)Borrowing
Procedures.

Each Swingline Borrowing
shall be made upon the Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by:
(A) telephone or (B) a Swingline Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to
the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swingline Loan Notice. Each such Swingline Loan Notice must be received by the
Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount
to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of $100,000, and (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Promptly
after receipt by the Swingline Lender of any Swingline Loan Notice, the Swingline Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by
telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swingline Loan Notice and, if not, the Swingline Lender
will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swingline Lender has received notice
(by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Revolving Lender) prior to 2:00 p.m. on the
date of the proposed Swingline Borrowing (A) directing the Swingline Lender not to make such Swingline Loan as a result of the limitations
set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified
in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender shall make the amount of its
Swingline Loan available to the Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Swingline Lender in
immediately available funds.

(c)Refinancing of Swingline Loans.

(i)The
Swingline Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swingline
Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Revolving Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lenders Applicable
Revolving Percentage of the amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request
shall be deemed to be a Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the
minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Revolving
Facility and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swingline Lender shall furnish the 

53

Borrower with a copy of the applicable
Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Lender shall make an amount equal to its
Applicable Revolving Percentage of the amount specified in such Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available
funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swingline Loan) for the account
of the Swingline Lender at the Administrative Agents Office not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Loan Notice,
whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate
Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swingline Lender.

(ii)If
for any reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), the request
for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swingline Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swingline Lender that
each of the Revolving Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swingline Loan and each Revolving Lenders payment to
the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of
such participation.

(iii)If
any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender any amount required
to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the
Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with
interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to
the Swingline Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swingline Lender
in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily
charged by the Swingline Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid),
the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Revolving Loan included in the relevant Revolving Borrowing or funded participation
in the relevant Swingline Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative
Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(iv)Each
Revolving Lenders obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to
this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim,
recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any
reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of 

54

a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar
to any of the foregoing; provided however, that each Revolving Lenders obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this
Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Loan Notice). No such
funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swingline Loans, together with
interest as provided herein.

(d)Repayment of Participations.

(i)At
any time after any Revolving Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender receives
any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender will distribute to such Revolving Lender its Applicable Revolving
Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swingline Lender.

(ii)If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swingline Loan is required to be returned
by the Swingline Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by
the Swingline Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Swingline Lender its Applicable Revolving Percentage thereof
on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate
per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The
obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

(e)Interest
for Account of Swingline Lender. The Swingline Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swingline
Loans. Until each Revolving Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section to refinance such Revolving
Lenders Applicable Revolving Percentage of any Swingline Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Revolving Percentage shall
be solely for the account of the Swingline Lender.

(f)Payments Directly to Swingline Lender. The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline
Loans directly to the Swingline Lender.

2.05Prepayments.

(a)Optional.

(i)The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Loan
Prepayment, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Revolving Loans in whole or in 

55

part without premium or penalty subject
to Section 3.05; provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, (A) such notice must be received by the Administrative
Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (1) two (2) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans and (2) on the date of prepayment
of Base Rate Loans; (B) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in
excess thereof; and (C) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in
excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date
and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term SOFR Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s)
of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such
Lenders ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lenders Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Facility).
If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall
be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the
amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Subject to Section 2.15, such prepayments shall
be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of the Revolving Facility.

(ii)The
Borrower may, upon notice to the Swingline Lender pursuant to delivery to the Swingline Lender of a Notice of Loan Prepayment (with a
copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swingline Loans in whole or in part without premium
or penalty; provided that, unless otherwise agreed by the Swingline Lender, (A) such notice must be received by the Swingline
Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (B) any such prepayment shall be in a
minimum principal amount of $100,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess hereof (or, if less, the entire principal thereof then
outstanding). Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower
shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein.

(b)Mandatory.

(i)Revolving Outstandings. If for any reason the Total Revolving Outstandings at any time exceed the Revolving Facility at
such time, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and L/C Borrowings (together with all accrued but unpaid
interest thereon) and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however,
that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(i) unless, after the
prepayment of the Revolving 

56

Loans and Swingline Loans, the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Revolving Facility at such time.

(ii)Application of Payments. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.15, prepayments of the Revolving Facility made pursuant
to this Section 2.05(b), first, shall be applied ratably to the L/C Borrowings and the Swingline Loans, second, shall be
applied to the outstanding Revolving Loans, and, third, shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining L/C Obligations. Upon
the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any
further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any Defaulting Lender that has provided Cash Collateral)
to reimburse the L/C Issuer or the Revolving Lenders, as applicable.

Within the parameters of
the applications set forth above, prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) shall be applied first to Base Rate Loans and then to Term
SOFR Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities. All prepayments under this Section 2.05(b) shall be subject to Section 3.05,
but otherwise without premium or penalty, and shall be accompanied by interest on the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment.

2.06Termination or Reduction of Commitments.

(a)Optional. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit
Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Facility, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the
Swingline Sublimit; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. five
(5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000
or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Revolving Facility
if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Revolving
Facility, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash
Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or (C) the Swingline Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto and
to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.

(b)Application of Commitment Reductions; Payment of Fees. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any
termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swingline Sublimit or the Revolving Commitment under this Section 2.06. Upon
any reduction of the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Commitment of each Revolving Lender shall be reduced by such Lenders
Applicable Revolving Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of the Revolving Facility accrued until the effective date
of any termination of the Revolving Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.

57

2.07Repayment of Loans.

(a)Revolving Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Revolving Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of
all Revolving Loans outstanding on such date.

(b)Swingline Loans. The Borrower shall repay each Swingline Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date ten (10) Business
Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date.

2.08Interest and Default Rate.

(a)Interest.
Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b), (i) each Term SOFR Loan under the Revolving Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof for each Interest Period from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such
Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for the Revolving Facility; (ii) each Base Rate Loan under the Revolving Facility shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus
the Applicable Rate for the Revolving Facility; and (iii) each Swingline Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount
thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for the Revolving Facility.
To the extent that any calculation of interest or any fee required to be paid under this Agreement shall be based on (or result in) a
calculation that is less than zero percent or zero, as applicable, such calculation shall be deemed zero percent or zero for purposes
of this Agreement.

(b)Default Rate.

(i)If
any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity,
by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(ii)If
any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to
any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders
such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(iii)Upon
the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (and automatically upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a)), all outstanding Obligations (including Letter of Credit Fees) may (and shall automatically
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a)) accrue at 

58

a fluctuating interest rate per
annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

(iv)Accrued
and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.

(c)Interest Payments. Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto
and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before
and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.

2.09Fees.

In addition to certain
fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03:

(a)Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender in accordance
with its Applicable Revolving Percentage, a commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving
Facility exceeds the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject
to adjustment as provided in Section 2.15. For the avoidance of doubt, the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans shall not be counted
towards or considered usage of the Revolving Facility for purposes of determining the commitment fee. The commitment fee shall accrue
at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met,
and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with
the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period for the Revolving Facility. The commitment
fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount
shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in
effect.

(b)Other Fees.

(i)The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee
Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

(ii)The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the
times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.

59

2.10Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate.

(a)Computation of Interest and Fees. All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined
by reference to Term SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other
computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or
interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365 day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on
which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid,
provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one (1)
day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error.

(b)Financial Statement Adjustments or Restatements. If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial
statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or for any other reason, the Borrower, or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated
Total Net Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated
Total Net Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated
to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand
by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower
under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the
L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount
of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender
or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under any provision of this Agreement to payment of any Obligations hereunder at the Default Rate
or under Article VIII. The Borrowers obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments
and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.

2.11Evidence of Debt.

(a)Maintenance of Accounts. The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records
maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the
Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders
to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or
otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any
conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect
of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request
of 

60

any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative
Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules
to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.

(b)Maintenance of Records. In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a), each Lender and the Administrative
Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations
in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative
Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall
control in the absence of manifest error.

2.12Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback.

(a)General. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction
for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder
shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative
Agents Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. The Administrative
Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the Revolving Facility (or other applicable share
as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments received
by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or
fee shall continue to accrue. Unless otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement, if any payment to be made by the Borrower
shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time
shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.

(b)(i) Funding
by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the
proposed date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date
of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders share of such Borrowing,
the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or,
in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required
by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if
a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender
and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available
funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower 

61

to but excluding
the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal
Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus
any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and
(B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender
shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit
to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing
to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment
by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment
to the Administrative Agent.

(ii)Payments
by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior
to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the
Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance
herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Appropriate Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the
amount due. With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder
as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following
applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment;
(2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the
Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Appropriate Lenders or the applicable
L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed
to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such
amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate
and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

A notice of the Administrative
Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.

(c)Failure
to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such
Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative
Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with
the terms 

62

hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without
interest.

(d)Obligations
of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Revolving Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit
and Swingline Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 11.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any
Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 11.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any
other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender
to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 11.04(c).

(e)Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner
or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or
manner.

(f)Pro
Rata Treatment. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein: (i) each Borrowing (other than Swingline Borrowings) shall be made
from the Appropriate Lenders, each payment of fees under Section 2.09 and 2.03(h) and (i) shall be made for account of the Appropriate
Lenders, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the Commitments shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the Lenders,
pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments; (ii) each Borrowing shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders
according to the amounts of their respective Commitments (in the case of the making of Revolving Loans) or their respective Loans that
are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case of conversions and continuations of Loans); (iii) each payment or prepayment of principal
of Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Appropriate Lenders pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal
amounts of the Loans held by them; and (iv) each payment of interest on Loans by the Borrower shall be made for account of the Appropriate
Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans then due and payable to the respective Appropriate Lenders.

2.13Sharing of Payments by Lenders.

If any Lender shall, by
exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of (a) Obligations in respect of the Revolving
Facility due and payable to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according
to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations due and payable to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate amount of the
Obligations in respect of the Revolving Facility due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time)
of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Revolving Facility due and payable to all Lenders hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all the Lenders at such time or (b) Obligations in respect of the Revolving Facility owing
(but not due and payable) to such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time in excess of its ratable share (according
to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Obligations owing (but not due and 

63

payable) to such Lender at such time to (ii) the aggregate
amount of the Obligations in respect of the Revolving Facility owing (but not due and payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents at such time) of payments on account of the Obligations in respect of the Revolving Facility owing (but not due and
payable) to all Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents at such time obtained by all of the Lenders at such time, then, in
each case under clauses (a) and (b) above, the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (A) notify the Administrative Agent of such
fact, and (B) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans
of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by
the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Obligations in respect of the Revolving Facility then due and payable to
the Lenders or owing (but not due and payable) to the Lenders, as the case may be, provided that:

(1)if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered,
such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest;
and

(2)the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant
to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting
Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.14, or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration
for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swingline Loans to any
assignee or participant, other than an assignment to any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section
shall apply).

Each Loan Party consents
to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant
to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation.

2.14Cash Collateral.

(a)Certain Credit Support Events. If (i) the L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of
Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any
reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.05 or 8.02(c), or (iv)
there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of clause (iii) above) or within one (1) Business Day
(in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the L/C 

64

Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less
than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (iv) above, after
giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).

(b)Grant of Security Interest. The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby
grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all
other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to
which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.14(c). If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral
is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total
amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative
Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All
Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in one or more blocked, non-interest
bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening,
activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.

(c)Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of
this Section 2.14 or Sections 2.03, 2.05, 2.15 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of
the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Revolving Lender
that is a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided,
prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein.

(d)Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations
shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto
(including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Revolving Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following
compliance with Section 11.06(b)(vi))) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer that there exists excess
Cash Collateral; provided, however, (A) any such release shall be without prejudice to, and any disbursement or other transfer
of Cash Collateral shall be and remain subject to, any other Lien conferred under the Loan Documents and the other applicable provisions
of the Loan Documents, and (B) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released
but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.

65

2.15Defaulting Lenders.

(a)Adjustments.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time
as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:

(i)Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with
respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 11.01.

(ii)Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent
for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received
by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined
by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative
Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or
Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting
Lender in accordance with Section 2.14; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists),
to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement,
as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in
a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with
respect to Loans under this Agreement and (B) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect to such
Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.14; sixth,
to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent
jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting
Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the
payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower
against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth,
to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise as may be required under the Loan Documents in connection with any Lien conferred thereunder
or directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (1) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any
Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (2) such Loans were
made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions 

66

set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such
payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior
to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded
and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments
hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(v). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender
that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.15(a)(ii)
shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii)Certain Fees.

(A)Fees. No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) for any period during which
that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required
to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).

(B)Letter of Credit Fees. Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which
that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Revolving Percentage of the stated amount of Letters
of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.14.

(C)Defaulting Lender Fees. With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant
to clause (B) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting
Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to
such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (2) pay to the L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender, as applicable, the amount of
any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuers or Swingline Lenders
Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.

(iv)Reallocation of Applicable Revolving Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting Lenders
participation in L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective
Applicable Revolving Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lenders Commitment) but only to the extent that
such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders
Revolving Commitment. Subject to Section 11.20, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a 

67

waiver or release of any claim of any party
hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting
Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders increased exposure following such reallocation.

(v)Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swingline Loans. If the reallocation described in clause (a)(v) above cannot, or can only
partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law,
(A) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Fronting Exposure and (B) second, Cash Collateralize
the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.14.

(b)Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in writing
that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective
date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash
Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take
such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations
in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages
(without giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments
will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting
Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder
from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders
having been a Defaulting Lender.

2.16Increase in Revolving Facility.

(a)Request for Increase. Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify
the Revolving Lenders), the Borrower may from time to time, request an increase in the Revolving Facility by an amount (for all such requests)
not exceeding $50,000,000 (an Incremental Facility); provided that (i) any such request for an Incremental
Facility shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000, and (ii) the Borrower may make a maximum of three (3) such requests. At the time
of sending such notice, the Borrower (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Revolving
Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to
the Revolving Lenders).

(b)Lender Elections to Increase. Each Revolving Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether
or not it agrees to increase its Revolving Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less 

68

than its Applicable
Revolving Percentage of such requested increase. Any Revolving Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined
to increase its Revolving Commitment.

(c)Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and
each Revolving Lender of the Revolving Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested
increase, and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, the Borrower may also invite
additional Eligible Assignees to become Revolving Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement (New Revolving Lenders)
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.

(d)Effective Date and Allocations. If the Revolving Facility is increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative
Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Revolving Increase Effective Date) and the final allocation
of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders and the New Revolving Lenders
of the final allocation of such increase and the Revolving Increase Effective Date.

(e)Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase. As a condition precedent to such increase, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative
Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Revolving Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed
by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting
to such increase, and (ii) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations
and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct, on and as of the Revolving Increase Effective
Date, and except that for purposes of this Section, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section
5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01,
and (B) both before and after giving effect to the Incremental Facility, no Default exists. The Borrower shall deliver or cause to be
delivered any other customary documents (including, without limitation, legal opinions) as reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent in connection with any Incremental Facility. The Borrower shall prepay any Revolving Loans outstanding on the Revolving Increase
Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Revolving
Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Revolving Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Revolving Commitments under
this Section.

(f)Conflicting Provisions. This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 11.01 to the contrary.

(g)Incremental Facility. Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein, all of the other terms and conditions applicable
to such Incremental Facility shall be identical to the terms and conditions applicable to the Revolving Facility.

69

Article
III

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY

3.01Taxes.

(a)Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes.

(i)Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction
or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion
of the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Loan
Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Loan Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the
information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below.

(ii)If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United
States, federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent shall withhold or make such
deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant
to subsection (e) below, (B) the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes,
the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all
required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the applicable Recipient receives
an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.

(iii)If any Loan Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct
any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such
deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection
(e) below, (B) such Loan Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld
or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction
is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any
required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section

70

3.01) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made.

(b)Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties. Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Loan Parties shall
timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely
reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c)Tax Indemnifications.

(i)Each of the Loan Parties shall, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect
thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed
or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld
or deducted from a payment to such Recipient, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate
as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. Each of the Loan Parties shall also, and does hereby, jointly and severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make
payment in respect thereof within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or the L/C Issuer for any reason
fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below.

(ii)Each Lender and the L/C Issuer shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify and shall make payment in respect thereof within ten
(10) days after demand therefor, (A) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or the L/C Issuer
(but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without
limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (B) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Taxes
attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant
Register and (C) the Administrative Agent and the Loan Parties, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender
or the L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party in connection with any Loan Document,
and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by
the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative
Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing 

71

to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement
or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii).

(d)Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, as
provided in this Section 3.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued
by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e)Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.

(i)Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document
shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit
such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender
is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two
sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A),
(ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission
would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position
of such Lender.

(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,

(A)any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;

(B)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement 

72

(and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of
the following is applicable:

(1)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect
to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from,
or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of
such tax treaty;

(2)executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3)in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code,
(x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within
the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section
881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S.
Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or

(4)to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI,
IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-2 or Exhibit
M-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign
Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption,
such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M-4 on behalf of each such
direct and indirect partner;

(C)any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in
such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the 

73

Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies
(or originals, as required) of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S.
federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D)if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b)
of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by
law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable
Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower
or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA
and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and
withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after
the date of this Agreement.

(iii)Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete
or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(f)Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation
to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or the L/C Issuer,
any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any
Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been
indemnified by any Loan Party or with respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall
pay to such Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid,
by such Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including
Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental
Authority with respect to such refund), provided that each Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid
over to such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental 

74

Authority) to the Recipient
in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this subsection, in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to such Loan Party pursuant to this subsection
the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the
Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient
to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to any Loan Party or any
other Person.

(g)Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.

3.02Illegality.

If any Lender determines
that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Lending
Office to perform any of its obligations hereunder or to make, maintain or fund or charge interest with respect to any Credit Extension
or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR or Term SOFR, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through
the Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to issue, make, maintain, fund or charge interest with respect to any such
Credit Extension or continue Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice
asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the
Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality,
be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender
notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt
of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable,
convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary
to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either
on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or
immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality
of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension
compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is
advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR.
Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the 

75

amount so prepaid or converted, together with
any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

3.03Inability to Determine Rates.

(a)If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, as applicable, (i) the Administrative
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance
with Section 3.03(b), and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred (as
applicable) or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with
respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or (ii) the Administrative Agent or
the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR
Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify
the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate
Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event
of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the
Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a
determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction
of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing
of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that,
will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii)
any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable
Interest Period.

(b)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, but without limiting Sections 3.03(a) above,
if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto absent manifest error),
or the Borrower or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower)
that the Borrower or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined (which determination likewise shall be conclusive and binding upon
all parties hereto absent manifest error), that.

(i)adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR,
including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances
are unlikely to be temporary; or

76

(ii)CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative
Agent or CME or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public
statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR
Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated
syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator
that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific
date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no
longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date);

then, on a date and time determined by
the Administrative Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date), which date shall be at the end of an Interest
Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above,
no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR
plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in
each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the
Successor Rate).

If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple
SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date
or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor
Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for purpose of replacing
Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 3.03 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest
payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with another alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration
to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United
States for such alternative benchmarks and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due
consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented
in the United States for such benchmarks which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information
service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the
avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute a Successor Rate. Any such amendment shall become
effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders
and the 

77

Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written
notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment.

The Administrative Agent will promptly
(in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate.

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in
a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative
Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent.

Notwithstanding anything else herein,
if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for
the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

In connection with the implementation
of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative
Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such
amendment becomes effective.

3.04Increased Costs.

(a)Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i)impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or the L/C Issuer;

(ii)subject
any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded
Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits,
reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or

(iii)impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans made by
such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing
shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation
to make 

78

any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter
of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received
or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such
Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts
as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L/C
Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company, if any, regarding capital
or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the L/C Issuers
capital or on the capital of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement,
the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or
the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lenders or the
L/C Issuers holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the
L/C Issuers policies and the policies of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company with respect to capital
adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or
amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lenders or the L/C Issuers holding company for any such
reduction suffered.

(c)[Reserved].

(d)Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary
to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this
Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer,
as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.

(e)Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or the L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation,
provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine (9) months prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C
Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders
or the L/C Issuers intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs
or reductions is retroactive, then the nine (9) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive
effect thereof).

79

3.05Compensation for Losses.

Upon demand of any Lender
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender
harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:

(a)any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of
the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);

(b)any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or
convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or

(c)any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by
the Borrower pursuant to Section 11.13;

including any loss of anticipated profits and
any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to
terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such
Lender in connection with the foregoing.

3.06Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or requires the Borrower
to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, the L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any
Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the
Borrower, such Lender or the L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding
or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if,
in the judgment of such Lender or the L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant
to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable,
and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would
not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or the L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment.

(b)Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any
Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section
3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to 

80

designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a),
the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 11.13.

3.07Survival.

All of the Borrowers
obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder,
resignation of the Administrative Agent and the Facility Termination Date.

Article
IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS

4.01Conditions of Initial Credit Extension.

The obligation of the L/C
Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(a)Execution of Credit Agreement; Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of this Agreement,
executed by a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party and a duly authorized officer of each Lender, (ii) for the account of each Lender
requesting a Note, a Note executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, (iii) counterparts of the Security Agreement and each other
Collateral Document, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Parties and a duly authorized officer of each other Person
party thereto, as applicable and (iv) counterparts of any other Loan Document, executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan
Party and a duly authorized officer of each other Person party thereto.

(b)Officers Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received an officers certificate dated the Closing
Date, certifying as to the Organization Documents of each Loan Party (which, to the extent filed with a Governmental Authority, shall
be certified as of a recent date by such Governmental Authority), the resolutions of the governing body of each Loan Party, the good standing,
existence or its equivalent of each Loan Party and of the incumbency (including specimen signatures) of the Responsible Officers of each
Loan Party.

(c)Legal Opinions of Counsel. The Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion or opinions (including, if requested
by the Administrative Agent, local counsel opinions) of counsel for the Loan Parties, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

(d)Financial Statements. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received copies of (i) the financial statements
referred to in Section 5.05 and (ii) a forecasted Consolidated balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows of the 

81

Borrower and
its Subsidiaries on an annual basis for the first year following the Closing Date, each in form and substance satisfactory to each of
them.

(e)Personal
Property Collateral. The Administrative Agent shall have received, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:

(i)(A)
searches of UCC filings in the jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, as applicable, of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where
any Collateral is located or where a filing would need to be made in order to perfect the Administrative Agents security interest
in the Collateral, copies of the financing statements on file in such jurisdictions and evidence that no Liens exist other than Permitted
Liens and (B) tax lien, judgment and bankruptcy searches;

(ii)searches
of ownership of Intellectual Property in the appropriate governmental offices and such patent/trademark/copyright filings as requested
by the Administrative Agent in order to perfect the Administrative Agents security interest in the Intellectual Property;

(iii)completed UCC financing statements for each appropriate jurisdiction as is necessary, in the Administrative Agents sole
discretion, to perfect the Administrative Agents security interest in the Collateral;

(iv)stock
or membership certificates, if any, evidencing the Pledged Equity and undated stock or transfer powers duly executed in blank; in each
case to the extent such Pledged Equity is certificated;

(v)[Reserved];

(vi)to the extent required to be delivered, filed, registered or recorded pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents,
all instruments, documents and chattel paper in the possession of any of the Loan Parties, together with allonges or assignments as may
be necessary or appropriate to create and perfect the Administrative Agents and the Lenders security interest in the Collateral;
and

(vii)if the aggregate receivables under contracts with federal Governmental Authorities are in excess of $10,000,000 as of the Closing
Date, such documentation as may be required by the Administrative Agent to comply with the Federal Assignment of Claims Act; and the Loan
Parties shall take such actions as may be required by the Administrative Agent to file such documentation with the appropriate Governmental
Authorities.

(f)[Reserved].

(g)Liability, Casualty, Property, Terrorism and Business Interruption Insurance. The Administrative Agent shall have received
copies of insurance policies, 

82

declaration pages, certificates, and endorsements of insurance or insurance binders evidencing liability,
casualty, property, terrorism and business interruption insurance meeting the requirements set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents
or as required by the Administrative Agent. The Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an Authorization to Share
Insurance Information.

(h)Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Solvency Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer
of the Borrower as to the financial condition, solvency and related matters of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, after giving effect
to the initial borrowings under the Loan Documents and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

(i)Financial Condition Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate or certificates executed by
a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as of the Closing Date, as to certain financial matters, substantially in the form of Exhibit
P.

(j)[Reserved].

(k)Loan Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice with respect to the Loans to be made on the Closing
Date.

(l)Existing Indebtedness of the Loan Parties. All of the existing Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
(other than Indebtedness permitted to exist pursuant to Section 7.02), including, for the avoidance of doubt, under the Existing Credit
Agreement, shall be repaid in full and all security interests related thereto shall be terminated on or prior to the Closing Date.

(m)[Reserved].

(n)Consents. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence that all members, boards of directors, governmental, shareholder
and material third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the entering into of this Agreement have been obtained.

(o)[Reserved].

(p)[Reserved].

(q)Due Diligence. The Lenders shall have completed a due diligence investigation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in scope,
and with results, satisfactory to the Lenders.

(r)Other Documents. All other documents provided for herein or which the Administrative Agent or any other Lender may reasonably
request or require.

(s)Additional Information. Such additional information and materials which the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender shall
reasonably request or require.

83

(t)KYC Information.

(i)Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have provided
to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection
with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Act,
in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date.

(ii)At least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, if the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation, the Borrower shall deliver, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in
relation to the Borrower.

Without limiting the generality of the provisions
of the last paragraph of Section 9.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section, each Lender
that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other
matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent
shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.

4.02Conditions to all Credit Extensions.

The obligation of each
Lender and the L/C Issuer to honor any Request for Credit Extension is subject to the following conditions precedent:

(a)Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in
Article II, Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection
herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (and that any representation or warranty which is subject to
any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, and
except that for purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.05(a) and (b) shall be deemed
to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b), respectively.

(b)Default.
No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.

(c)Request for Credit Extension. The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender shall
have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.

Each Request for Credit Extension submitted
by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been
satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension.

84

Article
V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Each Loan Party represents
and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as of the date made or deemed made, that:

5.01Existence, Qualification and Power.

Each Loan Party and each
of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction
of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations,
consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations
under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under
the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification
or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. The copy of the Organization Documents of each Loan Party provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement is a true and correct copy of each such document, each of which is valid and in full force and effect.

5.02Authorization; No Contravention.

The execution, delivery
and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Persons Organization
Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien (except Liens created pursuant to
the Loan Documents) under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting
such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental
Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law applicable to any Loan Partys
business, the violation of which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.03Governmental Authorization; Other Consents.

No approval, consent, exemption,
authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required
in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or
maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the first priority nature thereof) or (d) the exercise by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the
Collateral Documents, other than (i) authorizations, 

85

approvals, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained and (ii) filings
to perfect the Liens created by the Collateral Documents.

5.04Binding Effect.

This Agreement has been,
and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto.
This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principals of
equity.

5.05Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.

(a)Audited Financial Statements. The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in shareholders
equity for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise
expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness.

(b)Quarterly Financial Statements. The unaudited Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated March
31, 2018, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter
ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise
expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
as of the date thereof and their results of operations, cash flows and changes in shareholders equity for the period covered thereby,
subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments.

(c)Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of the balance sheet included in the Audited Financial Statements (and, in addition,
after delivery of the most recent annual audited financial statements in accordance with the terms hereof, since the date of such annual
audited financial statements), there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(d)Forecasted Financials. The Consolidated forecasted balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 4.01 or Section 6.01 were prepared in good faith on the basis of the 

86

assumptions stated
therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at
the time of delivery, the Borrowers best estimate of its future financial condition and performance.

5.06Litigation.

There are no actions, suits,
proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration
or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or against any of their properties or revenues that
(a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either
individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.07No Default.

Neither any Loan Party
nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result
from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

5.08Ownership of Property.

Each Loan Party and each
of its Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary
or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.09Environmental Compliance.

(a)The Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing
Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective
businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Loan Parties have reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws
and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(b)Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is undertaking, and has not completed, either individually or together with
other potentially responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened
release, discharge or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order
of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law; and all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled
or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
have been disposed of in a 

87

manner not reasonably expected to result in material liability to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

5.10Insurance.

The properties of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts,
with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar
properties in localities where the applicable Loan Party or the applicable Subsidiary operates. The general liability, casualty, property,
terrorism and business interruption insurance coverage of the Loan Parties as in effect on the Closing Date, and as of the last date such
Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is outlined as to carrier, policy number, expiration
date, type, amount and deductibles on Schedule 5.10 and such insurance coverage complies with the requirements set forth in this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

5.11Taxes.

Each Loan Party and its
Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all federal,
state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income
or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted
and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against any Loan Party
or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any tax sharing agreement applicable to the Borrower
or any Subsidiary. The filing and recording of any and all documents required to perfect the security interests granted to the Administrative
Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties) will not result in any documentary, stamp or other taxes.

5.12ERISA Compliance.

(a)Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state
laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter or is subject to a favorable opinion letter from the IRS to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the IRS to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of
the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS. To the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, nothing
has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status.

(b)There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental
Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited
transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules 

88

with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)(i) No ERISA Event has occurred, and no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could
reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (ii) as of the
most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code)
is 60% or higher and no Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause
the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date; (iii) no Loan Party
nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments
which have become due that are unpaid; (iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject
to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (v) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the
PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that could reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings
under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan.

(d)Neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or
liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than (i) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 5.12 hereto
and (ii) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.

(e)The Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that the Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets
(within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to the Borrowers entrance
into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement.

5.13Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.

(a)Margin Regulations. The Borrower is not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities,
in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for
the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each
Letter of Credit, not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or Section 7.05 or subject to any restriction contained
in any agreement or instrument between the Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within
the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock.

(b)Investment Company Act. None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary is or is required to
be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

89

5.14Disclosure.

(a)The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions
to which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in
the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other
information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document
(in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided that, with respect to projected financial information, each Loan Party represents only that such information was prepared
in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

(b)The information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification most recently provided to each Lender, if applicable, is true
and correct in all respects.

5.15Compliance with Laws.

Each Loan Party and each
Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it
or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.16Solvency.

Each Loan Party is, individually
and together with its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, Solvent.

5.17Casualty, Etc.

Neither the businesses
nor the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion, accident, strike, lockout or other
labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or other casualty (whether or not covered
by insurance) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.18Sanctions Concerns and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(a)Sanctions Concerns. No Loan Party, nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries,
any director, officer, employee, 

90

agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled
by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFACs List of Specially
Designated Nationals, HMTs Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List, or any similar list enforced
by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction.

(b)Anti-Corruption Laws. The Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have conducted their business in compliance with the United
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions,
and have instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

5.19Responsible Officers.

Set forth on Schedule
1.01(c) are Responsible Officers, holding the offices indicated next to their respective names, as of the Closing Date and as of the
last date such Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14 and such Responsible Officers are the
duly elected and qualified officers of such Loan Party and are duly authorized to execute and deliver, on behalf of the respective Loan
Party, this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents.

5.20Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties.

(a)Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures, Partnerships and Equity Investments. Set forth on Schedule 5.20(a), is the following
information which is true and complete in all respects as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required to be
updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14: (i) a complete and accurate list of all Subsidiaries, joint ventures and partnerships
and other equity investments of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated
in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, (ii) the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests in each Subsidiary outstanding,
(iii) the number and percentage of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests owned by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries
and (iv) the class or nature of such Equity Interests (i.e. voting, non-voting, preferred, etc.). The outstanding Equity Interests in
all Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are owned free and clear of all Liens. There are no outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors
and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to the Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, except
as contemplated in connection with the Loan Documents.

(b)Loan Parties. Set forth on Schedule 5.20(b) is a complete and accurate list of all Loan Parties, showing as of the
Closing Date, or as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, (as to
each Loan Party) (i) the exact legal name, (ii) any former legal names of such Loan Party in the four (4) months prior to the Closing
Date, (iii) the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 

91

organization, as applicable, (iv) the type of organization, (v) the jurisdictions
in which such Loan Party is qualified to do business, (vi) the address of its chief executive office, (vii) the address of its principal
place of business, (viii) its U.S. federal taxpayer identification number or, in the case of any non-U.S. Loan Party that does not have
a U.S. taxpayer identification number, its unique identification number issued to it by the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization,
(ix) the organization identification number, (x) ownership information (e.g. publicly held or if private or partnership, the owners and
partners of each of the Loan Parties) and (xi) the industry or nature of business of such Loan Party.

5.21Collateral Representations.

(a)Collateral Documents. The provisions of the Collateral Documents are effective to create in favor of the Administrative
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on all right,
title and interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein. Except for filings completed prior to the Closing
Date and as contemplated hereby and by the Collateral Documents, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect or protect such
Liens.

(b)Intellectual Property. Set forth on Schedule 5.21(b), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule
was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a list of all material registered or issued Intellectual
Property (including all applications for registration and issuance) owned by each of the Loan Parties or that each of the Loan Parties
has the right to (including the name/title, current owner, registration or application number, and registration or application date and
such other information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent).

(c)Documents, Instrument, and Tangible Chattel Paper. Set forth on Schedule 5.21(c), as of the Closing Date and as of
the last date such Schedule was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a description of all Documents,
Instruments, and Tangible Chattel Paper of the Loan Parties with a value in excess of $1,500,000 (including the Loan Party owning such
Document, Instrument and Tangible Chattel Paper and such other information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent).

(d)Deposit Accounts, Electronic Chattel Paper, Letter-of-Credit Rights, and Securities Accounts.

(i)Set forth on Schedule 5.21(d)(i), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated
in accordance with Sections 6.02 and 6.14, is a description of all Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts of the Loan Parties, including
the name of (A) the applicable Loan Party, (B) in the case of a Deposit Account, the depository institution and average amount held in
such Deposit Account and whether such account is a zero balance account or a payroll account, and (C) in the case of a Securities Account,
the Securities 

92

Intermediary or issuer and the average aggregate market value held in such Securities Account, as applicable.

(ii)Set forth on Schedule 5.21(d)(ii), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required to be updated
in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a description of all Electronic Chattel Paper (as defined in the UCC) and Letter-of-Credit
Rights (as defined in the UCC) of the Loan Parties, including the name of (A) the applicable Loan Party, (B) in the case of Electronic
Chattel Paper (as defined in the UCC), the account debtor and (C) in the case of Letter-of-Credit Rights (as defined in the UCC), the
issuer or nominated person, as applicable.

(e)Commercial Tort Claims. Set forth on Schedule 5.21(e), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule
was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a description of all Commercial Tort Claims of the Loan
Parties (detailing such Commercial Tort Claim in such detail as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent).

(f)Pledged Equity Interests. Set forth on Schedule 5.21(f), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule
was required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a list of (i) all Pledged Equity and (ii) all other Equity
Interests required to be pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Collateral Documents (in each case, detailing the Grantor
(as defined in the Security Agreement), the Person whose Equity Interests are pledged, the number of shares of each class of Equity Interests,
the certificate number and percentage ownership of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests and the class or nature of such
Equity Interests (i.e. voting, non-voting, preferred, etc.)).

(g)Properties. Set forth on Schedule 5.21(g), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was required
to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a list of (A) each headquarter location of the Loan Parties, (B) each
other location where any significant administrative or governmental functions are performed, (C) each other location where the Loan Parties
maintain any books or records (electronic or otherwise) and (D) each location where any personal property Collateral is located at any
premises owned or leased by a Loan Party with a Collateral value in excess of $1,500,000 (in each case, including (1) an indication if
such location is leased or owned, (2), if leased, the name of the lessor, and if owned, the name of the Loan Party owning such property,
(3) the address of such property (including, the city, county, state and zip code) and (4) to the extent owned, the approximate fair market
value of such property).

(h)Material Contracts. Set forth on Schedule 5.21(h), as of the Closing Date and as of the last date such Schedule was
required to be updated in accordance with Sections 6.02, 6.13 and 6.14, is a complete and accurate list of all Material Contracts of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

93

5.22Affected Financial Institutions.

No Loan Party is an Affected
Financial Institution.

5.23Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc.

Each Loan Party and each
of its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights,
franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses,
without conflict with the rights of any other Person. To the best knowledge of the Borrower, no slogan or other advertising device, product,
process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
infringes upon any rights held by any other Person. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

5.24Labor Matters.

There are no collective
bargaining agreements or Multiemployer Plans covering the employees of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date
and neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary has suffered any strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within
the last five (5) years preceding the Closing Date.

Article
VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Each of the Loan Parties
hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until the Facility Termination Date, such Loan Party shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to:

6.01Financial Statements.

Deliver to the Administrative
Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders:

(a)Audited Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal
year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, fifteen (15) days after the date required to be filed with the SEC (without giving effect to any
extension permitted by the SEC)) (commencing with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related Consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders
equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all
in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by (i) a report and opinion of an independent certified
public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably 

94

acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like
qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, and (ii) if prepared, such accountants
letter to management.

(b)Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available, but in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of each
of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if earlier, five (5) days after the date required to be
filed with the SEC (without giving effect to any extension permitted by the SEC)) (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2018), a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related Consolidated
statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of
the Borrowers fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter
of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance
with GAAP and including management discussion and analysis of operating results inclusive of operating metrics in comparative form, certified
by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller who is a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly
presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.

(c)Business Plan and Budget. As soon as available, but in any event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each
fiscal year of the Borrower, an annual budget of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis, including forecasts prepared
by management of the Borrower, in form substantially consistent with that which has been provided previously by the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent or as otherwise accepted by the Administrative Agent, of Consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and
cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on an annual basis for the immediately following fiscal year.

As to any information contained in materials
furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(g), the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under Section 6.01(a)
or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials
described in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) above at the times specified therein.

6.02Certificates; Other Information.

Deliver to the Administrative
Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders:

(a)Reserved.

(b)Compliance Certificate. Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b)
a duly completed Compliance Certificate 

95

signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller which
is a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Unless the Administrative Agent or a Lender requests executed originals, delivery of the Compliance
Certificate may be by electronic communication including fax or email and shall be deemed to be an original and authentic counterpart
thereof for all purposes.

(c)Updated Schedules. Concurrently with the delivery of the Compliance Certificate referred to in Section 6.02(b), the following
updated Schedules to this Agreement (which may be attached to the Compliance Certificate) to the extent required to make the representation
related to such Schedule true and correct as of the date of such Compliance Certificate: Schedules 1.01(c), 5.10, 5.20(a),
5.20(b), 5.21(b), 5.21(c), 5.21(d)(i), 5.21(d)(ii), 5.21(e), 5.21(f), 5.21(g)
and 5.21(h).

(d)Calculations. Concurrently with the delivery of the Compliance Certificate referred to in Section 6.02(b) required to be
delivered with the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a), a certificate (which may be included in such Compliance Certificate)
including the amount of all Restricted Payments, Investments (including Permitted Acquisitions), Dispositions and Equity Issuances that
were made during the prior fiscal year.

(e)Changes in Entity Structure. Within ten (10) days prior to any merger, consolidation, dissolution, division or other change
in entity structure of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to the terms hereof, provide notice of such change
in entity structure to the Administrative Agent, along with such other information as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.
Provide notice to the Administrative Agent, not less than ten (10) days prior (or such extended period of time as agreed to by the Administrative
Agent) of any change in any Loan Partys legal name, state of organization, or organizational existence.

(f)Audit Reports; Management Letters; Recommendations. Promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee
of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of any Loan Party or
any of its Subsidiaries, or any audit of any of them.

(g)Annual Reports; Etc. Promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or
other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports
and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative
Agent pursuant hereto;.

(h)Debt Securities Statements and Reports. Promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or report furnished
to any holder of debt securities of any 

96

Loan Party or of any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit
or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of this Section.

(i)SEC Notices. Promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary
thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)
concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results
of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof.

(j)Notices. Not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies
of all material notices, requests and other documents (including amendments, waivers and other modifications) so received under or pursuant
to any instrument, indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and, from time to time upon request by the Administrative Agent, such
information and reports regarding such instruments, indentures and loan and credit and similar agreements as the Administrative Agent
may reasonably request.

(k)Environmental Notice. Promptly after the assertion or occurrence thereof, notice of any action or proceeding against or
of any noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit that could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(l)Additional Information. Promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial, legal or corporate affairs
of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender
may from time to time reasonably request.

(m)KYC Information. Promptly following any request therefor, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations,
including, without limitation, the Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Documents required to be delivered pursuant
to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.02(g) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC)
may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (a) on which the Borrower posts
such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrowers website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule
1.01(a); or (b) on which such documents are posted on the Borrowers behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which
each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative
Agent); provided that: (i) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
upon its request to the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the
Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent 

97

and each Lender (by fax transmission or
e-mail transmission) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by e-mail electronic versions (i.e.,
soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies
of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such
request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies
of such documents.

The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (A) the
Administrative Agent and/or an Affiliate thereof may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer
materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials)
by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar electronic transmission system (the Platform)
and (B) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender) may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public
information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged
in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that it will
use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and
that (1) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that
the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (2) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC,
the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, any Affiliate thereof, the Arranger, the L/C Issuer and the
Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary)
with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws (provided, however,
that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.07); (3) all Borrower
Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side
Information; and (4) the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate thereof and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower
Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public
Side Information.

6.03Notices.

Promptly, but in any event
within two (2) Business Days, notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender:

(a)of the occurrence of any Default;

(b)of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or
non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation,
proceeding or suspension between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material
development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental
Laws;

98

(c)of the occurrence of any ERISA Event;

(d)of any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of
beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification; and

(e)of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, including
any determination by the Borrower referred to in Section 2.10(b).

Each notice pursuant to
this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence
referred to therein and to the extent applicable, stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto.
Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan
Document that have been breached.

6.04Payment of Obligations.

Pay and discharge as the
same shall become due and payable, all its material obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental
charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary; (b) all lawful claims
which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property in excess of $1,500,000 unless such claims are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower
or such Subsidiary; and (c) all material Indebtedness, as and when due and payable, but subject to any subordination provisions contained
in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness.

6.05Preservation of Existence, Etc.

(a)Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 and except, with respect to good standing (other than with
respect to the Borrower), if a failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(b)take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal
conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
and

(c)preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

99

6.06Maintenance of Properties.

(a)Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good
working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted;

(b)make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and

(c)use the standard of care typical in the industry in the operation and maintenance of its facilities.

6.07Maintenance of Insurance.

(a)Maintenance of Insurance. Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower,
insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged
in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other
Persons, including, without limitation, terrorism insurance.

(b)Evidence of Insurance. Cause the Administrative Agent to be named as lenders loss payable, loss payee or mortgagee,
as its interest may appear, and/or additional insured with respect of any such insurance providing liability coverage or coverage in respect
of any Collateral, and cause, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, each provider of any such insurance to agree, by
endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it or by independent instruments furnished to the Administrative Agent that it will
give the Administrative Agent thirty (30) days prior written notice before any such policy or policies shall be altered or cancelled (or
ten (10) days prior notice in the case of cancellation due to the nonpayment of premiums). Annually, upon expiration of current insurance
coverage, the Loan Parties shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the Administrative Agent, such evidence of insurance as required
by the Administrative Agent, including, but not limited to: (i) certified copies of such insurance policies, (ii) evidence of such insurance
policies (including, without limitation and as applicable, ACORD Form 28 certificates (or similar form of insurance certificate), and
ACORD Form 25 certificates (or similar form of insurance certificate)), (iii) declaration pages for each insurance policy and (iv) lenders
loss payable endorsement if the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties is not on the declarations page for such policy.
As requested by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties agree to deliver to the Administrative Agent an Authorization to Share Insurance
Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall have a period of 30 days following the Closing Date (or such longer period
as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) to deliver the policy endorsements required hereunder.

100

6.08Compliance with Laws.

Comply with the requirements
of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in
which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

6.09Books and Records.

(a)Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied
shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the
case may be; and

(b)maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority
having regulatory jurisdiction over such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.

6.10Inspection Rights.

Permit representatives
and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial
and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors,
officers, and independent public accountants not more than once each fiscal year, all at the expense of the Administrative Agent and at
such reasonable times during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided, however, that
when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors)
may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice.

6.11Use of Proceeds.

Use the proceeds of the
Credit Extensions to finance Permitted Acquisitions, for capital expenditures, to payoff the Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement
(with respect to the initial Credit Extension to be made on the Closing Date), to make Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.06
and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, in each case, not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document.

6.12Material Contracts.

Perform and observe all
the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it, maintain each such Material Contract in full force
and effect, enforce each such Material Contract in accordance with its terms.

101

6.13Covenant to Guarantee Obligations.

The Loan Parties will cause
each of their Subsidiaries (other than any CFC) whether newly formed, created pursuant to a limited liability company division, after
acquired or otherwise existing to promptly (and in any event within sixty (60) days after such Subsidiary is formed or acquired (or such
longer period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion)) become a Guarantor hereunder by way of execution
of a Joinder Agreement; provided, however, no Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to become a Guarantor to the extent such
Guaranty would result in a material adverse tax consequence for the Borrower. In connection therewith, the Loan Parties shall give notice
to the Administrative Agent not less than ten (10) days prior to creating (including, without limitation, pursuant to a limited liability
company division) a Subsidiary (or such shorter period of time as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion),
or acquiring the Equity Interests of any other Person if such Subsidiary or other Person is required to become a Guarantor hereunder.
In connection with the foregoing, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each new Guarantor to the
extent applicable, substantially the same documentation required pursuant to Sections 4.01(b) - (e) and 6.14 and such other documents
or agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without limitation, updated Schedules 1.01(c), 5.10,
5.12, 5.20(a), 5.20(b), 5.21(b), 5.21(c), 5.21(d)(i), 5.21(d)(ii), 5.21(e), 5.21(f),
5.21(g) and 5.21(h).

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Subsidiary shall be required to become a Guarantor hereunder so long as the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA attributable to
the Loan Parties on a Consolidated basis equals or exceeds 80% of Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most
recently ended Measurement Period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), as applicable.
If the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the Loan Parties on a Consolidated basis is less than 80% of Consolidated
EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, measured as of the end of any Measurement Period, then the Borrower shall give notice of
such occurrence to the Administrative Agent concurrently with its delivery of a Compliance Certificate for such Measurement Period, and
within sixty (60) days thereafter, the Borrower shall cause one or more of its Subsidiaries to become Guarantors in accordance with the
foregoing paragraph such that after such Subsidiaries become Guarantors, the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA attributable to the
Loan Parties (including any such new Guarantors) on a Consolidated basis will, on a pro forma basis, equal or exceed 80% of Consolidated
EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

6.14Covenant to Give Security.

Except with respect to
Excluded Property:

(a)Equity Interests and Personal Property. Each Loan Party will cause the Pledged Equity and all of its tangible and intangible
personal property now owned or hereafter acquired by it to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien (subject to Permitted
Liens to the extent permitted by the Loan Documents) in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure
the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Documents. Each Loan 

102

Party shall provide opinions of counsel
and any filings and deliveries reasonably necessary in connection therewith to perfect the security interests therein, all in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(b)[Reserved].

(c)Landlord Waivers. Use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to the Administrative Agent within 60 days (or such longer
period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) of request by the Administrative Agent, with respect
to the locations listed on Schedule 5.21(g) and any other leased location that is a headquarter location of a Loan Party, a location
where any significant administrative or governmental functions of a Loan Party are performed, a location where the Loan Parties maintain
any books or records (electronic or otherwise) or a location where Collateral with a value in excess of $1,500,000 is maintained, such
estoppel letters, consents and waivers from the landlords on such real property as requested by the Administrative Agent (such letters,
consents and waivers to be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).

(d)Account Control Agreements. Each of the Loan Parties shall not open, maintain or otherwise have any deposit or other accounts
(including securities accounts) at any bank or other financial institution, or any other account where money or securities are or may
be deposited or maintained with any Person, other than (a) deposit accounts that are maintained at all times with Bank of America, (b)
securities accounts that are maintained at all times with financial institutions as to which the Administrative Agent shall have received
a Qualifying Control Agreement, (c) deposit accounts established solely as payroll and other zero balance accounts and such accounts are
held at Bank of America and (d) other deposit accounts, so long as at any time the balance in any such account does not exceed $375,000
and the aggregate balance in all such accounts does not exceed $1,500,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries
may maintain their deposit accounts in existence on the Closing Date with their existing depository institutions; provided that
(i) (A) within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date (as such period may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion)
the Administrative Agent shall have received a Qualifying Control Agreement with respect to such deposit accounts (other than such deposit
accounts of the type described in the foregoing clauses (c) or (d)) and (B) within eighteen (18) months after the Closing Date (as such
period may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries shall have established
Bank of America as their principal depository bank pursuant to the terms of the treasury management proposal agreed to among the Borrower
and Bank of America (as may be amended or extended), including for the maintenance of business, cash management, operating and administrative
deposit accounts, and (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is acquired (or other permitted acquisition of assets that include deposit
accounts) after the Closing Date pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition and that is required to become a Loan Party (or Collateral) or created
pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent upon request by the Borrower,
within twelve (12) 

103

months after the closing of such Permitted Acquisition (as such period may be extended by the Administrative Agent
in its sole discretion), cause its/such deposit accounts to be transferred to Bank of America and otherwise be in compliance with the
requirements of this Section 6.14(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirements of the foregoing clause (i)(B) shall not apply to
the accounts of Girbau North America or its Subsidiaries, in the event that those entities are acquired by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary
of a Loan Party.

(e)Updated Schedules. Concurrently with the delivery of any Collateral pursuant to the terms of this Section, the Borrower
shall provide the Administrative Agent with the applicable updated Schedule(s): 5.20(a), 5.21(b), 5.21(c), 5.21(d)(i),
5.21(d)(ii), 5.21(e), 5.21(f), 5.21(g) and 5.21(h).

(f)Further Assurances. At any time upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly execute and deliver any and all further
instruments and documents and take all such other action as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or reasonably desirable to maintain
in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, Liens and insurance rights on the Collateral that are duly
perfected in accordance with the requirements of, or the obligations of the Loan Parties under, the Loan Documents and all applicable
Laws.

6.15Further Assurances.

Promptly upon request by
the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered
in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record,
re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments
as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i)
carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, subject any Loan
Partys or any of its Subsidiaries properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered
by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents
and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm
more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any
Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries
is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so.

6.16Compliance with Environmental Laws.

Comply, and cause all lessees
and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, in all material respects, with all applicable Environmental Laws and
Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any investigation,
study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous
Materials from any of its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws; provided, however,

104

that neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action
to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being
maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP.

6.17Anti-Corruption Laws.

Conduct its business in
compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation
in other jurisdictions and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.

Article
VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Each of the Loan Parties
hereby covenants and agrees that on the Closing Date and thereafter until the Facility Termination Date, no Loan Party shall, nor shall
it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:

7.01Liens.

Create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for the following
(the Permitted Liens):

(a)Liens pursuant to any Loan Document;

(b)Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i)
the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except as contemplated by Section
7.02(b), (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations
secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 7.02(b);

(c)Liens for Taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if
adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;

(d)Statutory Liens such as carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other
like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or which are being
contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto
are maintained on the books of the applicable Person;

105

(e)pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and
other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA;

(f)deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety
and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

(g)easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not
substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere
with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person;

(h)Liens securing judgments for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating to such judgments) not constituting
an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);

(i)bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit
in one or more accounts maintained by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of
business in favor of the bank or banks with which such accounts are maintained, securing solely the customary amounts owing to such bank
with respect to cash management and operating account arrangements; provided, that in no case shall any such Liens secure (either
directly or indirectly) the repayment of any Indebtedness;

(j)Liens arising out of judgments or awards not resulting in an Event of Default; provided the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary
shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review;

(k)Any interest or title of a lessor, licensor or sublessor under any lease, license or sublease entered into by any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary thereof in the ordinary course of business and covering only the assets so leased, licensed or subleased;

(l)Liens of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection;

(m)Any zoning, building or similar laws or rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority; and

(n)other Liens securing Indebtedness outstanding in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $30,000,000.

7.02Indebtedness.

Create, incur, assume or
suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:

(a)Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

106

(b)Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.02 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions
thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or
extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred,
in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and the direct or any contingent
obligor with respect thereto is not changed, as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension;

(c)Unsecured Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Borrower owed to the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower, which Indebtedness
shall (i) to the extent required by the Administrative Agent, be evidenced by promissory notes which shall be pledged to the Administrative
Agent as Collateral for the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement, (ii) be on terms (including subordination
terms) acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (iii) be otherwise permitted under the provisions of Section 7.03 (Intercompany
Debt);

(d)Guarantees of the Borrower or any Guarantor in respect of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder of the Borrower or any other
Guarantor;

(e)obligations (contingent or otherwise) existing or arising under any Swap Contract, provided that (i) such obligations are (or were)
entered into by such Person in the ordinary course of business for the purpose of directly mitigating risks associated with fluctuations
in interest rates or foreign exchange rates and (ii) such Swap Contract does not contain any provision exonerating the non-defaulting
party from its obligation to make payments on outstanding transactions to the defaulting party;

(f)Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty or liability insurance to any Loan Party, so long as the amount of
such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance
for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year;

(g)Indebtedness arising from a bank or other financial institution honoring a check, draft, or similar instrument (other than resulting
from any overdraft) in the ordinary course of business;

(h)Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards
or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided that any such Indebtedness
is extinguished within 60 days from its incurrence;

(i)Indebtedness arising under performance, payment, surety, customs, stay, bid or appeal bonds, performance and completion guaranties
and similar instruments, in each case in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with any Indebtedness for borrowed money;

107

(j)unsecured Subordinated Debt of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is issued to a seller of assets or an entity acquired
in a Permitted Acquisition; and

(k)other Indebtedness not contemplated by the above provisions in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $30,000,000 at any time
outstanding owing to a Lender or an Affiliate thereof; provided that the Loan Parties are in Pro Forma Compliance with each of
the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11.

7.03Investments.

Make or hold any Investments,
except:

(a)Investments held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents;

(b)advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower and Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,500,000
at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes;

(c)(i) Investments outstanding on the date hereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries and (ii) additional
Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in Loan Parties;

(d)Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of receivables, including but not limited to, accounts receivable,
lease receivables, and notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received
in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order
to prevent or limit loss;

(e)Guarantees permitted by Section 7.02;

(f)Investments existing on the date hereof (other than those referred to in Section 7.03(c)(i)) and set forth on Schedule 7.03;

(g)Permitted
Acquisitions (other than of CFCs and Subsidiaries held directly or indirectly by a CFC);

(h)Investments
(including debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in settlement
of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business; and

(i)other
Investments not contemplated by the above provisions not exceeding fifteen percent (15%) of Consolidated Total Assets in the aggregate
at any time outstanding, provided, however, that such other Investments shall be permitted up to an aggregate of thirty
percent (30%) of Consolidated Total Assets at any time outstanding if such additional Investments above the fifteen percent (15%) threshold
are paid for solely 

108

from permitted issuances of common stock of the Borrower issued following the Closing Date.

7.04Fundamental Changes.

Merge, divide, dissolve,
liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially
all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Default exists or
would result therefrom:

(a)any Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Borrower; provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person,
or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, provided that when any Loan Party is merging with another Subsidiary, such Loan Party shall
be the continuing or surviving Person;

(b)any Loan Party may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower
or to another Loan Party;

(c)any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may dispose of all or substantially all its assets (including any Disposition that is in
the nature of a liquidation) to (i) another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or (ii) to a Loan Party;

(d)in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge into or consolidate with any other Person
or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; provided that (i) the Person surviving such merger shall be a
wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii) in the case of any such merger to which any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) is a
party, such Loan Party is the surviving Person; and

(e)so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, each of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries
may merge into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it; provided,
however, that in each case, immediately after giving effect thereto (i) in the case of any such merger to which the Borrower is
a party, the Borrower is the surviving Person and (ii) in the case of any such merger to which any Loan Party (other than the Borrower)
is a party, such Loan Party is the surviving Person.

7.05Dispositions.

Make any Disposition or
enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except:

(a)Permitted Transfers;

(b)Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property or equipment, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of
business;

109

(c)Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price
of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such
replacement property;

(d)Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04; and

(e)other Dispositions so long as (i) the consideration paid in connection therewith is in an amount not less than the fair market
value of the property disposed of, (ii) if such transaction is a Sale and Leaseback Transaction, such transaction is not prohibited by
the terms of Section 7.14, (iii) such transaction does not involve the sale or other disposition of a minority Equity Interests in any
Subsidiary, (iv) such transaction does not involve a sale or other disposition of receivables other than receivables owned by or attributable
to other property concurrently being disposed of in a transaction otherwise permitted under this Section, and (v) the aggregate net book
value of all of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in all such transactions occurring
after the Closing Date shall not in the aggregate exceed 10% of Consolidated Total Assets on the date of such Disposition.

7.06Restricted Payments.

Declare or make, directly
or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that, so long as no Default
shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of any action described below or would result therefrom:

(a)each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to any Person that owns Equity Interests in such Subsidiary, ratably according to
their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made;

(b)the Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in common Equity
Interests of such Person;

(c)the Borrower may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire its common stock with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent
issue of new common stock;

(d)the Borrower may make cashless repurchases of common stock of the Borrower deemed to occur upon the exercise of options, warrants
or similar rights solely to the extent that shares of such stock represent a portion of the exercise price of such options, warrants or
similar right or in satisfaction of withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted shares;

(e)the Borrower may make repurchases of stock of the Borrower deemed to occur upon the payment by the Borrower of employee tax liabilities
arising from stock issued pursuant to stock option or other equity-based incentive plans or other benefit plans approved by the Borrowers
board of directors (or substantially equivalent governing body) for management or employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

110

(f)the Borrower may make cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options
or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Borrower;

(g)the Borrower may repurchase, retire, or otherwise acquire the common stock of the Borrower from directors, officers, employees
or member of management consultants or independent contractors (or their estate, family members, spouse and/or former spouse) of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary not in excess of $2,250,000 during each fiscal year of the Borrower; and

(h)so long as the Loan Parties have demonstrated (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) that
(i) the Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis, is equal to or less than 2.50:1.00 and that they are in Pro Forma
Compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11, the Borrower may make other Restricted Payments in an unlimited
amount or (ii) the Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio, on a Pro Forma Basis, is greater than 2.50:1.00 and that they are in Pro Forma
Compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.11, the Borrower may make other Restricted Payments during such
fiscal year in an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of (x) $7,500,000, plus (y) 50% of Consolidated Net Income earned during the
immediately preceding fiscal year, plus (z) any unutilized portion of the sum of (ii)(x) plus (ii)(y) for the immediately prior fiscal
year to the extent such dollar limitations were applicable to the prior fiscal year (i.e., if unlimited Restricted Payments were permitted
the prior fiscal year, clause (ii)(z) shall equal $0).

7.07Change in Nature of Business.

Engage in any material
line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof
or any business related or incidental thereto, including, without limitation, (a) foodservice equipment, parts, supplies and services,
(b) commercial cleaning chemicals, supplies and services, (c) water reclamation, purification, heating and recycling products and services,
(d) boiler and other power generation products and services, (e) materials handling products and services and (f) any other business related
to (i) the laundry industry, or (ii) any laundry service provider, regardless of end customer focus.

7.08Transactions with Affiliates.

Enter into or permit to
exist any transaction or series of transactions with any officer, director or Affiliate of such Person other than (a) advances of working
capital to any Loan Party, (b) transfers of cash and assets to any Loan Party, (c) intercompany transactions expressly permitted by this
Agreement, (d) normal and reasonable compensation and reimbursement of expenses of officers and directors and (e) except as otherwise
specifically limited in this Agreement, other transactions which are entered into in the ordinary course of such Persons business
on fair and reasonable terms and conditions substantially as favorable to such Person as would be obtainable by it in a comparable arms
length transaction with a Person other than an officer, director or Affiliate.

111

7.09Burdensome Agreements.

Enter into, or permit to
exist, any Contractual Obligation (except for this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) that (a) encumbers or restricts the ability
of any such Person to (i) to act as a Loan Party; (ii) make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party, (iii) pay any Indebtedness or other
obligation owed to any Loan Party, (iv) make loans or advances to any Loan Party, or (v) create any Lien upon any of their properties
or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except, in the case of clause (a)(v) only, for any document or instrument governing
Indebtedness permitted hereunder and secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.01(n); provided that any such restriction contained
therein relates only to the asset or assets constructed or acquired in connection therewith or (b) requires the grant of any Lien on property
for any obligation if a Lien on such property is given as security for the Secured Obligations.

7.10Use of Proceeds.

Use the proceeds of any
Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock
(within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or
to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose.

7.11Financial Covenants.

(a)Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of any Measurement Period
ending as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than 2.50:1.00.

(b)Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of any Measurement
Period ending as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be greater than 3.50:1.00; provided that (i) with respect
to any fiscal quarter ending on or after the Closing Date, the Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent for distribution
to the Lenders, elect to increase the maximum Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio to 4.00:1.00 for a period of four (4) consecutive
fiscal quarters (inclusive of the fiscal quarter in which the Material Acquisition occurred) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition
that is a Material Acquisition occurring during the first of such four fiscal quarters (each such period, an Elevated Covenant
Period) and (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing clause (i), (A) the Borrower may not elect an Elevated Covenant Period for at
least one (1) full fiscal quarter following the end of an Elevated Covenant Period before a new Elevated Covenant Period is available
again pursuant to the preceding clause (i) for a new period of four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters and (B) there shall be no more than
two (2) Elevated Covenant Periods during the term of this Agreement.

(c)Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of any Measurement
Period ending as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be greater than 4.50:1.00.

112

7.12[Reserved].

7.13 Amendments of Organization Documents; Fiscal Year; Legal Name, State of Formation; Form of Entity and
Accounting Changes.

(a)Amend any of its Organization Documents in a manner adverse in any material respect to the interests of the Administrative Agent
and the Secured Parties;

(b)change its fiscal year;

(c)without providing ten (10) days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (or such extended period of time as agreed to
by the Administrative Agent), change its name, state of formation, form of organization or principal place of business; or

(d)make any change in accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP.

7.14Sale and Leaseback Transactions.

Enter into any Sale and
Leaseback Transaction, except for any such sale of real property by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration
in an amount not less than the fair value of such real property.

7.15Sanctions.

Directly or indirectly,
use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such Credit Extension
or the proceeds of any Credit Extension to any Person, to fund any activities of or business with any Person, or in any Designated Jurisdiction,
that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including
any Person participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, Swingline Lender, or otherwise)
of Sanctions.

7.16Anti-Corruption Laws.

Directly or indirectly,
use any Credit Extension or the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions.

Article
VIII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

8.01Events of Default.

Any of the following shall
constitute an Event of Default:

113

(a)Non-Payment. The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of
principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation or deposit any funds as Cash Collateral in respect of L/C Obligations, or (ii) within three
(3) days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five
(5) days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or

(b)Specific Covenants. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section
6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.05(a), 6.08, 6.10, 6.11, 6.13, 6.14, Article VII or Article X; or

(c)Other Defaults. Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a)
or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days;
or

(d)Representations and Warranties. Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by
or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith
or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made (or, if any such representation, warranty,
certification or statement of fact is qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language,
in any respect); or

(e)Cross-Default. (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled
maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness
hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts
and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or
(B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument
or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause,
or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on
behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to
be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase,
prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral
in respect thereof to be demanded; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract)
resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting
Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which a Loan Party
or any Subsidiary thereof is an Affected Party (as 

114

so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by such Loan Party
or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or

(f)Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding
under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any
receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its
property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application
or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of
such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding;
or

(g)Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof becomes unable or admits in writing its
inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process
is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within
thirty (30) days after its issue or levy; or

(h)Judgments. There is entered against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (i) one or more final judgments or orders for
the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered
by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified
of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or could reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are
commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of ten (10) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement
of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or

(i)ERISA. (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably
be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an
aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration
of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer
Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or

(j)Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery
and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all Obligations arising under
the Loan Documents, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any 

115

other Person contests in any manner the validity or
enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under
any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or it is or becomes
unlawful for a Loan Party to perform any of its obligations under the Loan Documents; or

(k)Collateral Documents. Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents shall for
any reason cease to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) on the Collateral purported to be covered
thereby, or any Loan Party shall assert the invalidity of such Liens; or

(l)Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control.

Without limiting the provisions
of Article IX, if a Default shall have occurred under the Loan Documents, then such Default will continue to exist until it either is
cured (to the extent specifically permitted) in accordance with the Loan Documents or is otherwise expressly waived by Administrative
Agent (with the approval of requisite Appropriate Lenders (in their sole discretion) as determined in accordance with Section 11.01);
and once an Event of Default occurs under the Loan Documents, then such Event of Default will continue to exist until it is expressly
waived by the requisite Appropriate Lenders or by the Administrative Agent with the approval of the requisite Appropriate Lenders, as
required hereunder in Section 11.01.

8.02Remedies upon Event of Default.

If any Event of Default
occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any
or all of the following actions:

(a)declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated,
whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;

(b)declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing
or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;

(c)require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect
thereto); and

(d)exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer
under the Loan Documents or applicable Law or equity;

116

provided, however, that upon
the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United
States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically
terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become
due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become
effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.

8.03Application of Funds.

After the exercise of remedies
provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically
been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02) or if at any time insufficient funds are received
by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all Secured Obligations then due hereunder, any amounts received on account
of the Secured Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.14 and 2.15, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following
order:

First, to
payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges
and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in
its capacity as such;

Second, to
payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and
Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective
Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or the L/C Issuer)) arising
under the Loan Documents and amounts payable under Article III, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in
this clause Second payable to them;

Third, to
payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C
Borrowings and other Secured Obligations arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;

Fourth, to
payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Borrowings and Secured Obligations
then owing under Secured Hedge Agreements and Secured Cash Management Agreements and to the to the Administrative Agent for the account
of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit
to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.14, in each case ratably among the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer, the Hedge Banks and the Cash Management Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in
this clause Fourth held by them; and

117

Last, the
balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by
Law.

Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.14, amounts
used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to
satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of
Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the
order set forth above. Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor
or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to
Secured Obligations otherwise set forth above in this Section.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Secured Obligations
arising under Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if
the Administrative Agent has not received a Secured Party Designation Notice, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative
Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. Each Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank
not a party to this Agreement that has given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be deemed to have
acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its Affiliates
as if a Lender party hereto.

Article
IX

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

9.01Appointment and Authority.

(a)Appointment. Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes Bank of America
to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent
to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof,
together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit
of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a
third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or
in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary
or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of
market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.

(b)Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents,
and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as 

118

a potential Hedge Bank, and a potential Cash Management Bank) and the L/C Issuer
hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender and the L/C Issuer for purposes
of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations,
together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral
agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes
of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising
any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent, shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of
this Article IX and Article XI (including Section 11.04(c), as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral
agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.

9.02Rights as a Lender.

The Person serving as the
Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise
the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise
expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its
individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor
or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business
with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without
any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice to or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto.

9.03Exculpatory Provisions.

(a)The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative
Agent and its Related Parties:

(i)shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(ii)shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and
powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed
in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in
the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion
or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable
Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action 

119

that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that
may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and

(iii)shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and
shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates that is communicated
to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.

(b)Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative
Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with
the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary), or as
the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 and 8.02)
or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and
nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing
such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the L/C Issuer.

(c)Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any
other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or
any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection
herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth
herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported
to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition
set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative
Agent.

9.04Reliance by Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent
shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice,
request, certificate, communication, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet
or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated
by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to
have been made by the proper Person, and shall be fully protected in relying and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In
determining compliance with any condition 

120

hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter
of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume
that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the
contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative
Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by
it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or
experts. For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement
shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder
to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice
from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objections.

9.05Delegation of Duties.

The Administrative Agent
may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any
one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all
of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article
shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their
respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Revolving Facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of
competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful
misconduct in the selection of such subagents.

9.06Resignation of Administrative Agent.

(a)Notice. The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower.
Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint
a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United
States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty
(30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required
Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated
to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above;
provided that in no event shall any successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been
appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.

121

(b)Defaulting Lender. If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition
thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such Person remove
such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been
so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be
agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective
in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date.

(c)Effect of Resignation or Removal. With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable)
(i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer
under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such
time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring
or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative
Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint
a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent
hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or
removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts
owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable),
and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other
Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor
Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.
After the retiring or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions
of this Article and Section 11.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents
and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues
to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, (A) acting as collateral
agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Secured Parties and (B) in respect of any actions taken in
connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent.

122

(d)L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender. Any resignation or removal by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section
shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain
all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the
effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders
to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Bank of America resigns as
Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by
it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or
fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor
L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor
shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender,
as applicable, (ii) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the
Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively
assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.

9.07Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Other Lenders.

Each Lender and the L/C
Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and
that no act by the Administrative Agent or the Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or
review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the
Administrative Agent or the Arranger to any Lender or the L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the
Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties) possession. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer represents
to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger,
any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own
credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition
and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions
contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower hereunder. Each Lender
and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any
other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate,
continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement,
any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as
it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, 

123

operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness
of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial
lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this
Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set
forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other
type of financial instrument, and each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each
Lender and the L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial
loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the
Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities,
is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities.

9.08No Other Duties, Etc.

Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, none of the titles listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, a Lender
or the L/C Issuer hereunder.

9.09Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding.

In case of the pendency
of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective
of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise
and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention
in such proceeding or otherwise:

(a)to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations
and all other Secured Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order
to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all
other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(h) and (i), 2.09, 2.10(b) and 11.04) allowed
in such judicial proceeding; and

(b)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer
to make such 

124

payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such
payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative
Agent under Sections 2.09, 2.10(b) and 11.04.

Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C
Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Secured Obligations or the rights of any Lender
or the L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer or in any such
proceeding.

The Secured Parties hereby
irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Secured
Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations pursuant to a
deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all
or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including
under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which
a Loan Party is subject, (b) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent
or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection
with any such credit bid and purchase, the Secured Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit
bid on a ratable basis (with Secured Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the
acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion
of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests
or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid
(i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (ii) to adopt documents providing
for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such
acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof shall be governed, directly or indirectly,
by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on
actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (h) of Section 11.01 of this Agreement), and (iii) to the extent that
Secured Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another
bid being higher or better, because the amount of Secured Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit
bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Secured Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the
Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Secured Obligations that had been assigned
to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take
any further action.

125

9.10Collateral and Guaranty Matters.

Each of the Lenders (including
in its capacities as a potential Cash Management Bank and a potential Hedge Bank) and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative
Agent, at its option and in its discretion,

(a)to
release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon the Facility Termination
Date, (ii) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or
other disposition permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the
Required Lenders in accordance with Section 11.01;

(b)to
subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien
on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(n); and

(c)to
release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted
under the Loan Documents.

Upon request by the Administrative
Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release or subordinate its
interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this
Section 9.10. In each case as specified in this Section 9.10, the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrowers expense, execute
and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item
of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents or to subordinate its interest in such
item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents
and this Section 9.10.

The Administrative Agent
shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value
or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agents Lien thereon, or any certificate
prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any
failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.

9.11Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements.

Except as otherwise expressly
set forth herein, no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefit of the provisions of Section 8.03, the Guaranty or any
Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to,
direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release
or impairment of any Collateral) (or to notice of or to consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of the provisions hereof or of

126

the Guaranty or any Collateral Document) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided
in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required
to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured
Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements except to the extent expressly provided herein and unless the Administrative Agent
has received a Secured Party Designation Notice of such Secured Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative
Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. The Administrative Agent shall not be required
to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Obligations arising under Secured
Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements in the case of a Facility Termination Date.

9.12Certain ERISA Matters.

(a)Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the
date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative
Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following
is and will be true:

(i)such
Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans
with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit,
the Commitments or this Agreement,

(ii)the
transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent
qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts),
PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption
for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined
by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,

(iii)(A)
such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE
84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate
in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements
of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a)
of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied 

127

with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance
of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or

(iv)such
other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and
such Lender.

(b)In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a
Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause
(a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of,
the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the
Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation
in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection
with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related
hereto or thereto).

9.13Recovery of Erroneous Payments.

Without limitation of any
other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient
Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount,
then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received,
with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of
payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance
with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including
any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third
party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative
Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised,
in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount.

Article
X

CONTINUING GUARANTY

10.01Guaranty.

128

Each Guarantor hereby absolutely
and unconditionally, jointly and severally guarantees, as primary obligor and as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely
as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or
otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all Secured Obligations (for each Guarantor, subject to the proviso in this sentence,
its Guaranteed Obligations); provided that (a) the Guaranteed Obligations of a Guarantor shall exclude any
Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor and (b) the liability of each Guarantor individually with respect to this Guaranty
shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance
under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities, or portion
thereof, which may be or hereafter become unenforceable or compromised or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding
or case commenced by or against any Debtor under any Debtor Relief Laws. The Administrative Agents books and records showing the
amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon each Guarantor, and conclusive
for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Secured Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity,
regularity or enforceability of the Secured Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Secured Obligations, or by the existence,
validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to
the Secured Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of the Guarantors, or any of them, under this Guaranty,
and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the
foregoing.

10.02Rights of Lenders.

Each Guarantor consents
and agrees that the Secured Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability
or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment
or the terms of the Secured Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell,
or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Secured Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the
order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders in their sole discretion may determine; and
(d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Secured Obligations. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent
vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of such Guarantor.

10.03Certain Waivers.

Each Guarantor waives (a)
any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause
whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Secured Party) of the liability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party; (b) any defense
based on any claim that such Guarantors obligations exceed or are more burdensome 

129

than those of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting any Guarantors liability hereunder; (d) any right to proceed against
the Borrower or any other Loan Party, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Secured Obligations, or pursue any other remedy
in the power of any Secured Party whatsoever; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by
any Secured Party; and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or
afforded by applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties. Each Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs
and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices
of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Secured Obligations,
and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Secured Obligations.

10.04Obligations Independent.

The obligations of each
Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Secured Obligations and the obligations
of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against each Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty whether or not the Borrower
or any other person or entity is joined as a party.

10.05Subrogation.

No Guarantor shall exercise
any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty
until all of the Secured Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full and
the Commitments and the Revolving Facility are terminated. If any amounts are paid to a Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation,
then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to
reduce the amount of the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

10.06Termination; Reinstatement.

This Guaranty is a continuing
and irrevocable guaranty of all Secured Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until the Facility
Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may
be, if any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower or a Guarantor is made, or any of the Secured Parties exercises its right of setoff,
in respect of the Secured Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by any of the Secured
Parties in their discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor
Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Secured Parties
are in possession of or have released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The
obligations of each Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty.

130

10.07Stay of Acceleration.

If acceleration of the
time for payment of any of the Secured Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against a Guarantor or the Borrower
under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by each Guarantor, jointly and severally, immediately
upon demand by the Secured Parties.

10.08Condition of Borrower.

Each Guarantor acknowledges
and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Borrower and any other guarantor such
information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Borrower and any such other guarantor as such Guarantor
requires, and that none of the Secured Parties has any duty, and such Guarantor is not relying on the Secured Parties at any time, to
disclose to it any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of the Borrower or any other guarantor (each
Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Secured Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to
provide the same).

10.09Appointment of Borrower.

Each of the Loan Parties
hereby appoints the Borrower to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and all other documents
and electronic platforms entered into in connection herewith and agrees that (a) the Borrower may execute such documents and provide such
authorizations on behalf of such Loan Parties as the Borrower deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Loan Party shall be obligated
by all of the terms of any such document and/or authorization executed on its behalf, (b) any notice or communication delivered by the
Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer or a Lender to the Borrower shall be deemed delivered to each Loan Party and (c) the Administrative Agent,
L/C Issuer or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, authorization, instrument or agreement executed by the
Borrower on behalf of each of the Loan Parties.

10.10Right of Contribution.

The Guarantors agree among
themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors
as permitted under applicable Law.

10.11Keepwell.

Each Loan Party that is
a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time the Guaranty or the grant of a Lien under the Loan Documents, in each case, by any Specified Loan
Party becomes effective with respect to any Swap Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably
undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Swap Obligation as may be needed by
such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of such Swap Obligation
(but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without 

131

rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantors
obligations and undertakings under this Article X voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer,
and not for any greater amount). The obligations and undertakings of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full
force and effect until the Secured Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. Each Loan Party intends this Section
to constitute, and this Section shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other
agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act.

Article
XI

MISCELLANEOUS

11.01Amendments, Etc.

No amendment or waiver
of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party
therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the
Required Lenders) and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and
each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided,
however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:

(a)extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written
consent of such Lender (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent in Section 4.02 or of any Default or a
mandatory reduction in Commitments is not considered an extension or increase in Commitments of any Lender);

(b)postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment (excluding mandatory prepayments) of principal,
interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment hereunder
or under such other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender entitled to such payment;

(c)reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of
the second proviso to this Section 11.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written
consent of each Lender entitled to such amount; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be
necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter
of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect
of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder;

132

(d)without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, (i) modify Section 8.03, (ii) modify Section
2.12(f), (iii) modify Section 2.13 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction
of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder, (iv) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating,
the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or other obligation, or (v) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the
Liens securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness or other obligation; provided that, in the case of the
preceding subclauses (iv) and (v), only those Lenders that are directly and adversely affected thereby (without giving effect to this
proviso) that have not been offered an opportunity to fund their pro rata share (based on the amount of Obligations that are adversely
affected thereby held by each such Lender and calculated immediately prior to any applicable amendment or priming Indebtedness) of the
priming Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop fees and reimbursement of counsel fees and other expenses in connection
with the negotiation of the terms of such transaction) as are offered to all other providers of the priming Indebtedness shall be deemed
to be directly and adversely affected by such amendment, waiver or consent;

(e)change any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan
Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or thereunder
or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender;

(f)release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent
of each Lender;

(g)release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty, without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent
the release of any Subsidiary from the Guaranty is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative
Agent acting alone); or

(h)release the Borrower or permit the Borrower to assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents without the consent of each Lender;

and provided, further, that (i)
no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect
the rights or duties of the L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued
by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swingline Lender in addition to the Lenders required
above, affect the rights or duties of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in
writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative
Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iv) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived,
in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, 

133

(A) no Defaulting Lender shall have
any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms
requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender, or all Lenders or each affected Lender under the Revolving Facility, may
be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (1) the Commitment of any Defaulting
Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the
consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender, or all Lenders or each affected Lender under the Revolving Facility, that by its terms
affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting
Lender; (B) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and
each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States supersedes the unanimous consent
provisions set forth herein and (C) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow a Loan Party to use cash collateral in
the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
(a) this Agreement may be amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended
and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder
and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement,
and (b) the Administrative Agent and Borrower may amend or modify this Agreement and any other Loan Document to (i) to cure any ambiguity,
omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency therein or (ii) grant a new Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties, extend an existing
Lien over additional property for the benefit of the Secured Parties or join additional Persons as Loan Parties.

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the
contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender that is providing new or increased
Commitments pursuant to Section 2.16, and the Borrower (i) to add one or more Incremental Facilities to this Agreement, subject to the
applicable limitations in Section 2.16 and to permit the extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection
therewith from time to time outstanding to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations
and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing facilities hereunder, and (ii) in connection with the foregoing,
to permit the Lenders providing such Incremental Facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the
Required Lenders or by any other number, percentage or class of Lenders hereunder.

If any Lender does not consent to a proposed
amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the consent of each Lender and that has been approved
by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 11.13; provided that such
amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result 

134

of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other
such assignments required by the Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph).

11.02Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communications.

(a)Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and
except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be
delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax transmission or e-mail transmission
as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable
telephone number, as follows:

(i)if to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender, to the address, fax
number, e-mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 1.01(a); and

(ii)if to any other Lender, to the address, fax number, e-mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire
(including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in
effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower).

Notices and other
communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given
when received; notices and other communications sent by fax transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if
not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business
Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection
(b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).

(b)Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Swingline Lender
and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FPML messaging and Internet
or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply
to notices to any Lender, the Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender, Swingline Lender or the L/C Issuer,
as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.
The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the L/C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and
other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such
procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.

135

Unless the Administrative
Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders
receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available,
return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) notices and other communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall
be deemed received by the intended recipient upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as
by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail address or other written acknowledgement) indicating
that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that for both clauses (i)
and (ii), if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication
shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient.

(c)The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED
BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY
FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS,
IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any
of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C
Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising
out of the Borrowers, any Loan Partys or the Administrative Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices
through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet.

(d)Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender may change
its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties
hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, fax number or telephone number or e-mail address for notices and other communications
hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees
to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact
name, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions
for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one (1) individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to
at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the
Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and
applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower 

136

Materials that are not made available
through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect
to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws.

(e)Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders. The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall
be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including, without limitation, telephonic or electronic notices, Loan Notices, Letter of
Credit Applications, Notice of Loan Prepayment and Swingline Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party even if
(i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice
specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall
indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses
and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of a Loan Party. All telephonic
notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of
the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.

11.03No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement.

No failure by any Lender,
the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy,
power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document,
are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection
with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for
the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuer; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative
Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent)
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that
inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d)
any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative
to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative
Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative
Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding 

137

proviso and
subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and
as authorized by the Required Lenders.

11.04Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

(a)Costs and Expenses. The Loan Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of primary counsel for the Administrative
Agent, and one firm of local counsel for the Administrative Agent in each appropriate jurisdiction), in connection with the syndication
of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection
with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel
for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection
with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with Loans made or Letters
of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect
of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

(b)Indemnification by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof),
each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee)
against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the
reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee
by any Person (including the Borrower or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution
or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without
limitation, the Indemnitees reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic
Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only,
the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii)
any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a
demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the
terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned
or operated by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any 

138

Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or any of its
Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether
based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the
Borrowers or such Loan Partys directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party
thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan
Party against an Indemnitee for a material breach in bad faith of such Indemnitees obligations hereunder or under any other Loan
Document, if the Borrower or such Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 11.04(b) shall not apply with respect
to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.

(c)Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required
under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the L/C Issuer, the
Swingline Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any
such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer, the Swingline Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined
as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based on each Lenders share of the Total
Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender),
such payment to be made severally among them based on such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable
unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided, further that, the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss,
claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any
such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing
acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender in connection with such capacity.
The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d).

(d)Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, no Loan Party shall assert, and
each Loan Party hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability,
for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with,
or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above
shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or 

139

other materials distributed to such
unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection
with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(e)Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor.

(f)Survival. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 11.02(e) shall survive the resignation
of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate
Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.

11.05Payments Set Aside.

To the extent that any
payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent,
the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection
with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof
originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such
setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable
share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date
of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations
of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and
the termination of this Agreement.

11.06Successors and Assigns.

(a)Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except neither the
Borrower nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder
except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance
with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions
of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective
successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to 

140

the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b)Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes
of this subsection (b), participations in L/C Obligations and in Swingline Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such
assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:

(i)Minimum Amounts.

(A)in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment under the Revolving Facility
and/or the Loans at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such
Assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (b)(i)(B) of this Section in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment
to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B)in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose
includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of
the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment
is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade
Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility, unless each of the Administrative
Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed).

(ii)Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to the Loans and/or the Commitment
assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the Swingline Lenders rights and obligations in respect of Swingline
Loans.

(iii)Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B)
of this Section and, in addition:

141

(A)the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of
Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender
or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object
thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and provided,
further, that the Borrowers consent shall not be required during the primary syndication of the Revolving Facility;

(B)the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments
in respect of any Revolving Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the Revolving
Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and

(C)the consent of the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender shall be required for any assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility.

(iv)Assignment and Assumption. The lender parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an
Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that
the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.
The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.

(v)No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates
or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute
any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or (C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust
for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural person).

(vi)Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder,
no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the
assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof
as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating
actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously
requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby 

142

irrevocably consent),
to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer
or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans
and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable
Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender
for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof
by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment
and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall
cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05 and 11.04 with respect to facts
and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided, that except to the extent otherwise expressly
agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder
arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver
a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply
with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations
in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section.

(c)Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency
being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered
to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and
the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the
terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error,
and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to
the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower
and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(d)Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent,
sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and 

143

operated
for the primary benefit of a natural Person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries)
(each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including
all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swingline
Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders
rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section
11.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participations.

Any agreement or
instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce
this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement
or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification
described in the first proviso to Section 11.01 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled
to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under
Section 3.01(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells
the participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of
this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 11.13 as if it were
an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04,
with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive,
except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired
the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrowers request and expense, to use reasonable
efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted
by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such
Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely
for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant
and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan
Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or
any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants
interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent
that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form
under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States 

144

Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent
manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation
for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in
its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.

(e)Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under
this Agreement (including under its Note or Notes, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to
secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of
its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(f)Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender after Assignment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
if at any time Bank of America assigns all of its Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America
may, (i) upon thirty (30) days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon thirty (30) days
notice to the Borrower, resign as Swingline Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, the Borrower
shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder; provided, however,
that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America as L/C Issuer or Swingline
Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America resigns as L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of
the L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L/C Issuer and
all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations
in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If Bank of America resigns as Swingline Lender, it shall retain all the rights of
the Swingline Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swingline Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such
resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swingline Loans
pursuant to Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swingline Lender, (A) such successor shall succeed
to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender, as the case
may be, and (B) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding
at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank
of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.

11.07Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.

(a)Treatment of Certain Information. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees to maintain the
confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates, its auditors and
its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is 

145

made will be informed of the confidential nature
of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory
authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or
similar legal process (in which case the Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer, as applicable, agrees to inform the Borrower promptly
thereof prior to such disclosure to the extent not prohibited by Law), (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise
of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document
or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those
of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(c) or (B) any actual or prospective party
(or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower
and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) on a confidential basis to (A) any rating agency in connection with rating
the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (B) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery
service used by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and/or the Swingline Lender to deliver Borrower Materials or notices to the Lenders
or (C) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market
identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, or (viii) with the consent of the Borrower or to the extent such
Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative
Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.
For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating
to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided
that, in the case of information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified
at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section
shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the
confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In addition, the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service
providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement,
the other Loan Documents and the Commitments.

(b)Non-Public Information. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that (i) the Information
may include material non-public 

146

information concerning a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (ii) it has developed compliance
procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (iii) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance
with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws.

(c)Press Releases. The Loan Parties and their Affiliates agree that they will not in the future issue any press releases or
other public disclosure using the name of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement
or any of the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, unless (and only to the extent that) the Loan
Parties or such Affiliate is required to do so under law and then, in any event the Loan Parties or such Affiliate will consult with such
Person before issuing such press release or other public disclosure (other than in connection with any required SEC filings, for which
no such consent shall be required).

(d)Customary Advertising Material. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall use the name, product photographs,
logo or trademark of the Loan Parties in any advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby without obtaining the
prior written approval of such Loan Party.

11.08Right of Setoff.

If an Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any
time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special,
time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time
owing by such Lender, the L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party
against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other
Loan Document to such Lender or the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, the L/C Issuer
or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower
or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured, secured or unsecured, or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or
the L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided
that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately
to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.15 and, pending such payment, shall
be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the
L/C Issuer and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in
reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of
each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including
other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer agrees
to notify the 

147

Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give
such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.

11.09Interest Rate Limitation.

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum
rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If the Administrative Agent or any
Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the
Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged,
or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law,
(a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments
and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout
the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder.

11.10Integration; Effectiveness.

This Agreement, the other
Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, constitute
the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings,
oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when
it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that,
when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successor and assigns.

11.11Survival of Representations and Warranties.

All representations and
warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith
or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied
upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on
their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time
of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain
unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.

11.12Severability.

If any provision of this
Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of
the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the 

148

parties
shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic
effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision
in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the
foregoing provisions of this Section, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting
Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swingline
Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.

11.13Replacement of Lenders.

If the Borrower is entitled
to replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or
if any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower
may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate,
without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.06), all of its
interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement
and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a
Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:

(a)the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 11.06(b);

(b)such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100% of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any
amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower
(in the case of all other amounts);

(c)in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant
to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;

(d)such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and

(e)in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented
to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent.

A Lender shall not be required
to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling
the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

149

11.14Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a)GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH
THEREIN) AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

(b)SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT
COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR
OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, THE L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE
COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND
AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT
OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT
IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR
IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.

(c)WAIVER OF VENUE. THE BORROWER AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR

150

PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. THE BORROWER AND EACH
OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT
FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

(d)SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION
11.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW.

11.15Waiver of Jury Trial.

EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY
OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

11.16Subordination.

Each Loan Party (a Subordinating
Loan Party) hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any other Loan Party owing to it, whether
now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of any such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan
Party as subrogee of the Secured Parties or resulting from such Subordinating Loan Partys performance under this Guaranty, to the
indefeasible payment in full in cash of all Obligations. If the Secured Parties so request, any such obligation or indebtedness of any
such other Loan Party to the Subordinating Loan Party shall be enforced and performance received by the Subordinating Loan Party as trustee
for the Secured Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Secured Parties on account of the Secured Obligations, but
without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of the Subordinating Loan Party under this Agreement. Without limitation of
the foregoing, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Parties may make and receive payments with respect to Intercompany
Debt; provided, that in the event that any Loan Party receives any payment of any Intercompany Debt at a time when such payment
is prohibited by this Section, such payment shall be held by such Loan Party, in trust for 

151

the benefit of, and shall be paid forthwith
over and delivered, upon written request, to the Administrative Agent.

11.17No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.

In connection with all
aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of
any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding,
that: (a) (i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and any Affiliate thereof,
the Arranger and the Lenders are arms-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective
Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and, as applicable, its Affiliates, the Arranger and the Lenders and their Affiliates
(collectively, solely for purposes of this Section, the Lenders), on the other hand, (ii) each of the Borrower and
the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and
(iii) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of
the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b) (i) the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, the Arranger
and each Lender each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties,
has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective
Affiliates, or any other Person and (ii) neither the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates, the Arranger nor any Lender has any
obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates,
the Arranger and the Lenders may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower,
the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates, the Arranger nor
any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may
have against the Administrative Agent, any of its Affiliates, the Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach
of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transactions contemplated hereby.

11.18Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts.

This Agreement, any Loan
Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and
may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swingline
Lender, and each Lender (collectively, each a Credit Party) agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated
with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication
entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such
Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication
may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and 

152

electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts
are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation,
use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format),
or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative
Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic
Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and
destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered
an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer nor Swingline Lender is under any obligation to accept
an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it;
provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and/or Swingline Lender has
agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such
Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Credit Party without further verification and (b)
upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Credit Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually
executed counterpart.

Neither the Administrative
Agent, L/C Issuer nor Swingline Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity,
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance
of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents, L/C Issuers or Swingline Lenders reliance on any Electronic
Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender
shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting
upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution
or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed
or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being
the maker thereof).

Each of the Loan Parties
and each Credit Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document,
and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Credit Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely
from the Administrative Agents and/or any Credit Partys reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities
arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery
or transmission of any Electronic Signature.

11.19USA PATRIOT Act Notice.

153

Each Lender that is subject
to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower
and the other Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October
26, 2001)) (the Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which
information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent,
as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Act. The Borrower and the Loan Parties agree to, promptly following
a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all such other documentation and information that the Administrative Agent
or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.

11.20Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.

Solely to the extent any
Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that
any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such
liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an Affected Resolution Authority and agrees and consents
to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising
hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b)the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(i)a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution,
its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments
of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document;
or

(iii)the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable
Resolution Authority.

11.21Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs.

To the extent that the
Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a
QFC (such support, QFC 

154

Credit Support, and each such QFC, a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge
and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder,
the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions
below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the
State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to
a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported
QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered
Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported
QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States
or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any
QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws
of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and
remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a
Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.

11.22Time of the Essence.

Time is of the essence
of the Loan Documents.

11.23ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS,
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.

[SIGNATURE PAGES INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.]

155
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>evi-20250326.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>evi-20250326_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>evi-20250326_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 26, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-14757

Entity Registrant Name EVI Industries, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0000065312

Entity Tax Identification Number 11-2014231

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4500 Biscayne Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 340

Entity Address, City or Town Miami

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33137

City Area Code (305)

Local Phone Number 402-9300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $.025 par value

Trading Symbol EVI

Security Exchange Name NYSEAMER

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Not Applicable

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://evi-ind.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

evi-20250326.xsd 
evi-20250326_lab.xml 
evi-20250326_pre.xml 
form8k-33908_evi.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001174947-25-000411-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>form8k-33908_evi_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000065312 

2025-03-26 
2025-03-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000065312 
8-K 
2025-03-26 
EVI Industries, Inc. 
DE 
001-14757 
11-2014231 
4500 Biscayne Blvd. 
Suite 340 
Miami 
FL 
33137 
(305) 
402-9300 
Not Applicable 
Common Stock, $.025 par value 
EVI 
NYSEAMER 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>