<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-024518.txt : 20250212
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-024518.hdr.sgml : 20250212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250211204603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-024518
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SERA PROGNOSTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534969
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				261911522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40606
		FILM NUMBER:		25611580

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2749 E. PARLEYS WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(801) 990-0520

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2749 E. PARLEYS WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84109
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d862672d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000153496900015349692025-02-102025-02-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 10, 2025

Sera Prognostics, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-40606 26-1911522

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2749 East Parleys Way

Suite 200 

Salt Lake City, Utah 84109

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (801)990-0520

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share SERA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On February 10, 2025, Sera Prognostics, Inc. (the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Jefferies LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC and William Blair & Company, L.L.C., as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), relating to the issuance and sale in an underwritten public offering (the Offering) by the Company of 1,250,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Firm Shares), at a public offering price of $4.00 per Share (as defined below), and, in lieu of Class A common stock to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase 11,250,000 shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price of $3.9999 per Pre-Funded Warrant, which represents the per share offering price for the Shares less the $0.0001 per share exercise price for each Pre-Funded Warrant. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Offering are expected to be approximately $50 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. The Company will receive nominal proceeds, if any, from the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters have an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 shares of Class A common stock (the Optional Shares and, together with the Firm Shares, the Shares) at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants are being offered by the Company. The Offering is expected to close on or about February 12, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to expand its commercial infrastructure and capabilities in the United States, accelerate preparations for expansion in the European Union, fund additional studies designed to increase adoption of the PreTRM test, including a potential submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration seeking broad approval of the PreTRM test, and for general corporate purposes. 

The Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants will be issued pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281347), which was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on August 7, 2024 and was declared effective on August 13, 2024. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the Offering was filed with the Commission on February 11, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). 

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriters, including for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for the purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. 

The foregoing description of the terms of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at any time after the date of issuance. A holder of Pre-Funded Warrants may not exercise the warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. A holder of Pre-Funded Warrants may increase or decrease this percentage, but not in excess of 19.99%, by providing at least 61 days prior notice to the Company. The foregoing description of the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of Pre-Funded Warrant, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 

A copy of the legal opinion of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. relating to the Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants, as well as the shares of Class A common stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants, is attached as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

Based on current plans, the Company estimates that its existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with the estimated net proceeds from the Offering, will be sufficient to enable to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through 2028. The Company has based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and the Company could use its available capital resources sooner than it currently expects. 

The information in this Item 7.01 is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Item 8.01 

Other Events. 

On February 10, 2025, the Company issued press releases announcing the launch and pricing of the Offering, respectively, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among Sera Prognostics, Inc. and Jefferies LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant. 

5.1 Opinion of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. 

23.1 Consent of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

99.1 Launch Press Release of Sera Prognostics, Inc., dated February 10, 2025 

99.2 Pricing Press Release of Sera Prognostics, Inc., dated February 10, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

SERA PROGNOSTICS, INC.

Date: February 11, 2025 By: 

/s/ Austin Aerts

Austin Aerts

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d862672dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Execution Version 

1,250,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock 

Pre-Funded Warrants to Purchase Up to 11,250,000 Shares of Class A Common Stock (par value
$0.001 per share) 

SERA PROGNOSTICS, INC. 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

February 10, 2025 

JEFFERIES LLC 

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC 

WILLIAM BLAIR & COMPANY, L.L.C.

As Representatives of the several Underwriters 

c/o
JEFFERIES LLC 

520 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10022

c/o TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC 

1 Vanderbilt Avenue 

New York, New York 10017 

c/o WILLIAM BLAIR & COMPANY,
L.L.C. 

150 North Riverside Plaza 

Chicago, Illinois 60606

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Introductory.
Sera Prognostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule A attached hereto (the Underwriters) an aggregate of (i) 1,250,000
shares of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Shares) and (ii) in lieu of Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to
an aggregate of 11,250,000 shares of the Companys Class A common stock in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Pre-Funded Warrants). The 1,250,000 Shares to be sold
by the Company are called the Firm Shares, together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Firm Securities. In addition, the Company has granted to the Underwriters an option
to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 Shares as provided in Section 2. The additional 1,875,000 Shares to be sold by the Company pursuant to such option are collectively called the Optional Shares. The Firm Shares and, if
and to the extent such option is exercised, the Optional Shares are collectively called the Offered Shares, and the Optional Shares, together with the Firm Securities being hereinafter called the Offered
Securities. The shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants are collectively called the Warrant Shares. Jefferies LLC
(Jefferies), TD Securities (USA) LLC (TD Cowen) and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. (William Blair) have agreed to act as representatives of the several Underwriters (in such
capacity, the Representatives) in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities. To the extent there are no additional underwriters listed on Schedule A, the term Representatives as used herein
shall mean you, as Underwriters, and the term Underwriters shall mean either the singular or the plural, as the context requires. 

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-281347, including a base prospectus (the Base
Prospectus) to be used in connection with the public offering and sale of the Offered Securities. Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became
effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), including all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference
therein and any information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430A or Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is called the Registration Statement. Any registration statement filed by the
Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act in connection with the offer and sale of the Offered Securities is called the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, and from and after the date and time of filing of any such
Rule 462(b) Registration Statement the term Registration Statement shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. The preliminary prospectus supplement dated February 10, 2025, describing the Offered Securities and the
offering thereof (the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement), together with the Base Prospectus, is called the Preliminary Prospectus, and the Preliminary Prospectus and any other prospectus supplement to the Base
Prospectus in preliminary form that describes the Offered Securities and the offering thereof and is used prior to the filing of the Prospectus (as defined below), together with the Base Prospectus, is called a preliminary
prospectus. As used herein, the term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus that describes the Offered Securities and the offering thereof (the Final Prospectus
Supplement), together with the Base Prospectus, in the form first used by the Underwriters to confirm sales of the Offered Securitiesor in the form first made available to the Underwriters by the Company to meet requests of
purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act. References herein to the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus shall refer to both the prospectus supplement and the Base Prospectus components of such
prospectus. As used herein, Applicable Time is 6:45 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of this Agreement. As used herein, free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act, and Time of Sale Prospectus means the Preliminary Prospectus, as amended or supplemented immediately prior to the Applicable Time, together with the free writing prospectuses, if any, identified in Schedule B hereto
and the pricing information set forth on Schedule B hereto. As used herein, Road Show means a road show (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) relating to the offering of the Offered
Securities contemplated hereby that is a written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act). As used herein, Section 5(d) Written Communication means each written communication
(within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that is made in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act or Rule 163B under the Securities Act by the Company or any person authorized to act on behalf of the Company to one or
more potential investors that are, or are reasonably believed to be, qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) and/or institutions that are, or are reasonably believed to be, accredited investors (IAIs), as such
terms are respectively defined in Rule 144A and Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, to determine whether such investors might have an interest in the offering of the Offered Securities; Section 5(d) Oral
Communication means each oral communication, if any, made in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act or Rule 163B under the Securities Act by the Company or any person authorized to act on behalf of the Company made to one or
more QIBs and/or one or more IAIs to determine whether such investors might have an interest in the offering of the Offered Securities; Marketing Materials means any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the
approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Offered Securities, including any roadshow or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); and Permitted
Section 5(d) Communication means the Section 5(d) Written Communication(s) and Marketing Materials listed on Schedule C attached hereto. 

2 

All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus,
any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus shall include the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other
information which are contained, included or stated in, or part of the Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus, the Base
Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus, and all other references of like import, shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be. All references in this
Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to mean and include the filing of any
document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) that is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus, the Base Prospectus, or the Prospectus, as the case may be. All references in this Agreement to (i) the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any preliminary
prospectus, the Base Prospectus or the Prospectus, any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, or any free writing prospectus, shall include any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis
and Retrieval System (EDGAR) and (ii) the Prospectus shall be deemed to include any electronic Prospectus provided for use in connection with the offering of the Offered Securities as contemplated by
Section 3(n) of this Agreement. 

In the event that the Company has only one subsidiary, then all references herein to
subsidiaries of the Company shall be deemed to refer to such single subsidiary, mutatismutandis. 

The Company
hereby confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows: 

Section 1. Representations and Warranties of the Company.

The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to each Underwriter, as of the date of this Agreement, as of the First Closing Date
(as hereinafter defined) and as of each Option Closing Date (as hereinafter defined), if any, as follows: 

(a)Compliance with
Registration Requirements. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act. The Company has complied, to the Commissions satisfaction, with all requests of the Commission for additional or supplemental
information, if any. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, are contemplated or
threatened by the Commission. At the time the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report) was filed with the Commission, or, if
later, at the time the Registration Statement was originally filed with the Commission, the Company met the then-applicable requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the Commission, or became effective under the Exchange Act, as the case may
be, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act. 

(b)Disclosure. Each preliminary prospectus and the Prospectus, when filed, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and, if filed by electronic transmission pursuant to EDGAR, was identical (except as may be
permitted by Regulation S-T under the Securities Act) to the copy thereof delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Offered Securities. Each of the Registration
Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became or becomes effective, complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and did not and will not 

3 

contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. As of the Applicable
Time, the Time of Sale Prospectus did not, and at the First Closing Date (as defined in Section 2) and at each applicable Option Closing Date (as defined in Section 2), will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date, did not, and at the First Closing Date and at each applicable Option
Closing Date, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
representations and warranties set forth in the three immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, or the Prospectus or the Time of Sale
Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being
understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the information described in Section 9(b) below. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described in the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed
as an exhibit to the Registration Statement which have not been described or filed as required. 

(c)Free Writing
Prospectuses; Road Show. As of the determination date referenced in Rule 164(h) under the Securities Act, the Company was not, is not or will not be (as applicable) an ineligible issuer in connection with the offering of
the Offered Securities pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. Each free writing prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act. Each free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or that was prepared by or on behalf of or used or referred to
by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 433 under the Securities Act, including timely filing with the Commission, retention and legending, as applicable, and each such free writing prospectus,
as of its issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Offered Securities did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information
contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or any preliminary prospectus unless such information has been superseded or modified as of such time. Except for the free writing prospectuses, if any, identified in Schedule B, and
electronic road shows, if any, furnished to you before first use, the Company has not prepared, used or referred to, and will not, without your prior written consent, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus. Each Road Show, when
considered together with the Time of Sale Prospectus, did not, as of the Applicable Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. 

(d)Distribution of Offering Material By the Company. Prior to
the later of (i) the expiration or termination of the option granted to the several Underwriters in Section 2 and (ii) the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Offered Securities, the Company has not
distributed and will not distribute any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities other than the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus or any free writing prospectus reviewed
and consented to by the Representatives, and any Permitted Section 5(d) Communications. 

(e)The Underwriting
Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

4 

(f)Authorization of the Offered Securities. The
Offered Securities, and upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Warrant Shares, have been duly authorized for issuance and sale pursuant to this Agreement and, when issued and delivered by the Company
against payment therefor pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities and, upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the
Warrant Shares, when issued, are not subject to any preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase the Offered Securities, except as have been validly waived or complied with. The Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, will constitute valid, legal and binding obligations of the Company,
enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and subject to general principles of equity. The Warrant
Shares have been duly authorized and validly reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants in a number sufficient to meet the current exercise requirements and, when issued and delivered in
accordance with the terms thereof, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders thereof will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders. 

(g)No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. No holders of securities of the Company have rights to the
registration of such securities under the Registration Statement, except as such rights that have been effectively waived pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Fourth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of February 23,
2021 by and among the Company and certain holders of its capital stock. 

(h)No Material Adverse Change.
Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change, or any development that could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, earnings, business or properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries, individually or taken as a whole, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (any such change is called a Material Adverse Change). 

(i)Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP, which has expressed its opinion with respect to the
financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) filed with the Commission or incorporated by reference as a part of the Registration Statement, and included in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus, is (i) an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB), (ii) in compliance with the
applicable requirements relating to the qualification of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and (iii) a registered public
accounting firm as defined by the PCAOB whose registration has not been suspended or revoked and who has not requested such registration to be withdrawn. 

(j)Financial Statements. The financial statements filed with the Commission as a part of or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement and included in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the financial position of the Company as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations, changes in
stockholders equity and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto and except in the case of unaudited financial statements, which are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments and do
not contain certain footnotes as permitted by the applicable rules of the Commission. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in or incorporated in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or
the Prospectus. To the Companys knowledge, no person who has been suspended or barred 

5 

from being associated with a registered public accounting firm, or who has failed to comply with any sanction pursuant to Rule 5300 promulgated by the PCAOB, has participated in or otherwise
aided the preparation of, or audited, the financial statements, supporting schedules or other financial data filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(k)Companys Accounting System. The Company maintains a system of internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act (the Exchange Act Rules)) that complies with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and has been designed by their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or under their supervision, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States and to
maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (v) the interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus
and the Prospectus fairly presents the information call for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal
year, there has been (A) no material weakness in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (B) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. During its most recent fiscal quarter, the Company is not aware of any changes in its internal control over financial reporting
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. 

(l)Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act Rules); such disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

(m)Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Each of the Company and its
subsidiaries has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is chartered or organized with full corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be,
and to operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws
of each jurisdiction which requires such qualification, except where the failure to be qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. All the outstanding
shares of capital stock of each subsidiary have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable (to the extent applicable under the relevant jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization), and all outstanding shares of capital stock of the subsidiaries are owned by the Company either directly or through wholly owned subsidiaries free and clear of any perfected security interest or any other security interests, claims,
liens or encumbrances. The Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any corporation, association or other entity other than the subsidiaries listed in Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recently ended fiscal year and other than (i) those subsidiaries not required to be listed on Exhibit 21.1 by Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the
Exchange Act and (ii) those subsidiaries formed since the last day of the most recently ended fiscal year. 

6 

(n)Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The
authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company is as set forth in all material respects in the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. All of the issued and
outstanding Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and have been issued in compliance with federal and state securities laws. None of the outstanding Shares was issued in violation of any preemptive
rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities of the Company. There are no authorized or outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase, or
equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than those accurately described in all material respects in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Prospectus and the Prospectus. The description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other stock plans or arrangements, and the options or other rights granted thereunder, set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Prospectus and the Prospectus accurately and fairly presents in all material respects the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements, options and rights. 

(o)Stock Exchange Listing. The Company is subject to and in compliance in all material respects with the
reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (the
Nasdaq), and the Company has taken no action designed to, or reasonably likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act or delisting the Shares from Nasdaq, nor has the Company
received any notification that the Commission or Nasdaq is contemplating terminating such registration or listing. To the Companys knowledge, it is in compliance with all applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq. 

(p)Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals
Required. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary is in violation or default of (i) any provision of its charter or bylaws, (ii) the terms of any indenture, contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan
agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which it is a party or bound or to which its property is subject or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any court, regulatory
body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having jurisdiction over the Company or such subsidiary or any of its properties, as applicable, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) for any such violation
or default as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities nor the consummation of any other of the transactions herein
contemplated (including the execution of the Pre-Funded Warrants) nor the fulfillment of the terms hereof or thereof will conflict with, result in a breach or violation of, or imposition of any lien, charge or
encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, (i) the charter or by-laws of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) the terms of any indenture,
contract, lease, mortgage, deed of trust, note agreement, loan agreement or other agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or bound or to which its or their property is
subject, or (iii) any statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, governmental body, arbitrator or other authority having
jurisdiction over the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their properties, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) for any such breach, violation or imposition as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. No consent, approval, authorization, filing with or order of any court or governmental agency or body is required in connection with the transactions contemplated herein, or the Pre-Funded Warrants, except such as have been obtained under the Securities Act and such as may be required under the listing rules of Nasdaq, the applicable rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (FINRA) and the blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Offered Securities by the Underwriters in the manner contemplated herein and in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

7 

(q)Compliance with Laws. The Company has not been
advised, and has no reason to believe, that it and each of its subsidiaries are not conducting business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it is conducting business, except where failure to be
so in compliance would not result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(r)No Material Actions or Proceedings. There
are no legal or governmental actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the best of the Companys knowledge, threatened (i) against or affecting the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) which has as the subject thereof any
officer or director of, or property owned or leased by, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (iii) relating to environmental or discrimination matters, where in any such case (A) there is a reasonable possibility that such action,
suit or proceeding might be determined adversely to the Company or such Subsidiary and (B) any such action, suit or proceeding, if so determined adversely, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change or adversely affect
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries exists or, to the Companys knowledge, is threatened or imminent. 

(s)Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its subsidiaries own, possess, license or have other rights to
use, on reasonable terms, all patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, technology, know-how and
other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property) necessary for the conduct of the Companys business as now conducted or as proposed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus to be conducted, provided that the foregoing representation is made only to the Companys knowledge as it concerns third party patent rights, trade secrets and trademarks. To the Companys knowledge, the conduct of its and its
subsidiaries respective businesses does not conflict in any material respect with any valid intellectual property right of another. Except as otherwise described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus,
(a) there are no rights of third parties to any such Intellectual Property; (b) to the Companys knowledge, there is no material infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property; (c) there is no pending or
threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the Companys rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; (d) there is
no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; (e) there
is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights of others, and the Company is unaware of any other
fact which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim; and (f) there is no prior art of which the Company is aware that may render any U.S. patent held by the Company invalid or any U.S. patent application held by the Company un-patentable which has not been disclosed to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The duty of candor and good faith as required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office during the prosecution of the United
States patents and patent applications included in the Intellectual Property have been complied with; and in all foreign offices having similar requirements, all such requirements have been complied with. 

(t)All Necessary Permits, etc. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, sub-licenses, certificates, permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, all applicable federal state, and local governmental authorities or other authorities that are
necessary to conduct their respective businesses (Permits). Neither the Company nor any such subsidiary is in violation of, or in default under, any of the Permits nor have they received any notice of revocation, suspension,
and/or modification of any such Permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has any reason to believe that any such Permit will not be renewed in the ordinary course and all Permits are valid and in full force. 

8 

(u)Title to Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries have
good and marketable title to all of the real and personal property and other assets reflected as owned in the financial statements referred to in Section 1(j) above (or elsewhere in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the
Prospectus), which is material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of any security interests, mortgages, liens, encumbrances, equities, adverse claims and other defects. Any real property, improvements,
equipment and personal property held under lease by the Company or any of its subsidiaries are held under valid and enforceable leases, with such exceptions as are not material and do not materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be made
of such real property, improvements, equipment or personal property by the Company or such subsidiary. 

(v)Tax Law
Compliance. The Company has filed all tax returns that are required to be filed or has requested extensions thereof (except in any case in which the failure so to file would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change) and has paid all taxes required to be paid by it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, except for any such assessment, fine or penalty that is currently being
contested in good faith or as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(w)Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company reasonably believes are prudent and customary in
the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance insuring the Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; the Company and its
subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of such policies and instruments in all material respects; and there are no material claims by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company
is denying liability or defending under a reservation of rights clause; neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has any reason to
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(x)Compliance with Environmental Laws. The Company and its
subsidiaries are (i) in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants
or contaminants (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) have received and are in compliance with all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses
and (iii) have not received notice of any actual or potential liability under any environmental law, except where such non-compliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses
or other approvals, or liability would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Change. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been named as a potentially responsible
party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended. 

(y)ERISA
Compliance. None of the following events has occurred or exists: (i) a failure to fulfill the obligations, if any, under the minimum funding standards of Section 302 of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder with respect to a Plan, determined without regard to any waiver of such obligations or extension of any amortization period, that would
reasonably be expected to result in a 

9 

Material Adverse Change; (ii) an audit or investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other federal or state
governmental agency or any foreign regulatory agency with respect to the employment or compensation of employees by any of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; or
(iii) any breach of any contractual obligation, or any violation of law or applicable qualification standards, with respect to the employment or compensation of employees by the Company or any of its subsidiaries that would reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. None of the following events has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur: (i) a material increase in the aggregate amount of contributions required to be made to all Plans in the current fiscal
year of the Company and its subsidiaries compared to the amount of such contributions made in the most recently completed fiscal year of the Company and its subsidiaries, other than increases in the ordinary course resulting from an increase in the
number of eligible participants in such Plans or increases resulting from increased participation by eligible participants in such Plans; (ii) a material increase in the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligations (within the
meaning of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 106) of the Company and its subsidiaries compared to the amount of such obligations in the most recently completed fiscal year of the Company and its subsidiaries; (iii) any event or
condition giving rise to a liability under Title IV of ERISA that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; or (iv) the filing of a claim by one or more employees or former employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries related to their employment that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. For purposes of this paragraph, the term Plan means a plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA)
subject to Title IV of ERISA with respect to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries may have any liability. 

(z)Company Not an Investment Company. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Offered Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as
described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus, will not be an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(aa)No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Shares. 

(bb)Related-Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions involving the
Company or any Subsidiary or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus which have not been described as required. 

(cc)FINRA Matters. All of the information provided to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters by the
Company, its counsel, its officers and directors and the holders of any securities (debt or equity) or options to acquire any securities of the Company in connection with the offering of the Offered Securities is true, complete, correct and
compliant with FINRAs rules and any letters, filings or other supplemental information provided to FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rules or NASD Conduct Rules is true, complete and correct. 

(dd)Parties to Lock-Up Agreements. The Company has furnished to the
Underwriters a letter agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Lock-up Agreement) from each of the persons listed on
Exhibit B. Such Exhibit B lists under an appropriate caption the directors and executive officers and certain stockholders of the Company. If any additional persons shall become directors or
executive officers of the Company prior to the end of the Lock-up Period (as defined below), the Company shall cause each such person, prior to or contemporaneously with their appointment or election as a
director or executive officer of the Company, to execute and deliver to the Representatives a Lock-up Agreement. 

10 

(ee)Statistical and Market-Related Data. All statistical,
demographic and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company believes, after reasonable
inquiry, to be reliable and accurate. To the extent required, the Company has obtained the written consent to the use of such data from such sources. 

(ff)Sarbanes-Oxley Act. There is, and has been, no failure on the part of the Company and, to the knowledge of the
Company, any of the Companys directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including
Section 402 related to loans and Section 302 and 906 related to certifications, that are currently applicable to the Company. 

(gg)No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments; Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Laws. None of the
Company, any of its subsidiaries, any director, officer or employee of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (i) used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made or taken any act in furtherance of an offer, promise, or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit
to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or public international organization, or any political party, party official, or candidate for political office; (iii) made,
offered, authorized, requested, or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment or benefit; or (iv) is otherwise aware of or has taken any action, directly or
indirectly, that could result in a violation or a sanction for violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended, or similar law of any other relevant jurisdiction, or the
rules or regulations thereunder, and the Company and its subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures to ensure compliance therewith. No part of the proceeds of the offering will be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, each as may be amended, or similar law of any other relevant jurisdiction, or the rules or regulations thereunder. 

(hh)Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all
times in compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or
similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency,
authority, body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending, or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(ii) Sanctions. 

(i) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor any director, officer or employee thereof, nor to the Companys knowledge, any
agent, affiliate, representative, or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is an individual or entity (Person) that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is: (i) the subject of any
economic, financial or trade sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union (EU), His Majestys Treasury, the Swiss Secretariat of Economic Affairs, or other relevant sanctions 

11 

authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor (ii) located, organized, or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of a U.S. government embargo (including,
without limitation, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the non-government controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

(ii) The Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of this offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such
proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person: (i) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any country or
territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of a U.S. government embargo; or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including the Underwriters). 

(iii) Since April 2019, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage
in, any direct or indirect dealings or transactions with any Person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions or any country or territory that, at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject
of a U.S. government embargo. 

(jj)Brokers. Except pursuant to this Agreement, there is no broker, finder or
other party that is entitled to receive from the Company any brokerage or finders fee or other fee or commission as a result of any transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(kk)Forward-Looking Statements. Each financial or operational projection or other forward-looking statement
(as defined by Section 27A of the Securities Act or Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus (i) was so included by the Company in good faith and with
reasonable basis after due consideration by the Company of the underlying assumptions, estimates and other applicable facts and circumstances and (ii) is accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying those factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statement. No such statement was made with the knowledge of an executive officer or director of the Company that it was false or
misleading. 

(ll)No Outstanding Loans or Other Indebtedness. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal
advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of the members of any of them. 

(mm)Cybersecurity. The Companys information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks,
hardware, software, websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection with the operation of the business of the Company as
currently conducted, and to the knowledge of the Company, are free and clear of all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, back-doors, malware and other corruptants. The Company and its subsidiaries have implemented and
maintained commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and data, including Personal Data, used in connection with their businesses. Personal Data means (i) a natural persons name, street address, telephone number,
e-mail address, photograph, social security number or tax identification number, drivers license number, passport number, credit card number, or customer or account number; (ii) any information
which would qualify as personally identifying information under the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended; (iii) personal data as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
(EU 2016/679); (iv) any information which would qualify as protected health information under HIPAA; and (v) any 

12 

other piece of information that allows the identification , contact and/or identifies the location of such natural person, or his or her family, or permits the collection or analysis of any data
related to an identified persons health or sexual orientation. There have been no material breaches, violations, outages or unauthorized uses of or accesses to Personal Data, nor any incidents under internal review or investigations relating
to the same. The Company and its subsidiaries are and have been at all times in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, directives, or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or
governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from unauthorized use, access,
misappropriation or modification (collectively, the Data Protection Laws). 

(nn)Compliance with Data
Privacy Laws. To ensure compliance with the Data Protection Laws, the Company and each of its subsidiaries has in place, complies with, and takes appropriate steps reasonably designed to ensure compliance in all material respects with their
policies and procedures relating to data privacy and security and the collection, storage, use, disclosure, handling, and analysis of Personal Data (the Policies). The Company has at all times made all material disclosures to
users or customers required by applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements, and none of such disclosures made or contained in any Policy have been inaccurate or in violation of any applicable laws and regulatory rules or requirements in any
material respect. The Company and its subsidiaries have: (i) made all necessary registrations and notifications under the Data Protection Laws and such registrations and notifications are appropriate for the Company and its subsidiaries
actual data processing activities; (ii) secured all consents and permissions necessary under the Data Protection Laws to collect, store, disclose, use, transfer and otherwise process any Personal Data; (iii) required and do require all
third parties to which they provide any Personal Data to maintain the privacy and security of such Personal Data (iv) not received any written communication from any person or data subject alleging a breach of any of its obligations under Data
Protection Laws, including any compensation claim and, to the Companys knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances that would give rise to any such claim and (v) not received any written request, official notice (including an
information notice or enforcement notice) or other written notice of investigation or other action under Data Protection Laws from any governmental body or supervisory authority alleging a breach of any of their obligations under Data Protection
Laws and, to Companys knowledge, there are no facts or circumstances that would give rise to such an investigation or other action by a supervisory authority. The Company further certifies that neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
are currently conducting or paying for, in whole or in part, any investigation, remediation, or other corrective action pursuant to any Data Protection Law and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is not a party to any order, decree, or
agreement that imposes any obligation or liability under any Data Protection Law. 

(oo)Emerging Growth Company. The
Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act. The Company agrees to notify the Representatives promptly upon the Company ceasing to be an emerging growth company. 

(pp) Preclinical Studies, Clinical Trials and Regulatory Compliance. The preclinical studies and clinical trials
conducted by or on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, Studies) were and, if still pending, are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with the protocols, procedures and controls designed and
approved for such studies and, where applicable, with standard medical and scientific research procedures and all applicable laws; each description of the results of such Studies is accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly presents
the data derived from such Studies, and the Company and its subsidiaries have no knowledge of any other studies the results of which are inconsistent with, or otherwise call into question, the results of the Studies; the Company and its subsidiaries
have made all such filings and obtained all such approvals as may be required from any U.S. or foreign government regulatory agency, or Institutional Review Board (collectively, the Regulatory

13 

Agencies) with respect to such Studies; neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received or is aware of any notice of, or correspondence from, any Regulatory Agency
requiring the termination, suspension or modification of any such Studies; and the Company and its subsidiaries have each operated and currently are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable rules, regulations and policies of the
Regulatory Agencies applicable to such Studies. 

(qq)Health Care Laws. The Company and its subsidiaries are, and at
all times have been, in compliance with all Health Care Laws to the extent applicable to the Companys operations and services, except where failure to be so in compliance would not result in a Material Adverse Change. For purposes of this
Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (42 U.S.C. Section 263a), and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and all applicable state laws governing the provision of
laboratory tests, including so-called waived tests; (ii) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. Section 301 et seq.); (iii) all applicable federal, state, and local laws relating to
health care fraud and abuse, including, without limitation, the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal false
statements law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(a)), 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
(HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the Stark Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1395nn), the Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7a), the exclusion law (42
U.S.C. Section 1320a-7), and applicable laws governing government funded or sponsored healthcare programs, each as amended; (iv) patient privacy and security provisions under HIPAA, as amended by the
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.); (v) licensure, quality, safety and accreditation requirements under applicable federal, state, or local laws; (vi) all other local,
state, federal, national, supranational and foreign laws to the extent applicable to regulation of the Company or its subsidiaries; and (vii) the directives and regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes and any state or non-U.S. counterpart thereof. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action
from any court, arbitrator, governmental authority, Regulatory Agency, or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws nor, to the Companys knowledge, is any such claim, action,
suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action threatened. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed, maintained or submitted all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions
and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws, and all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and accurate on the date filed in all material
respects (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Neither the Company nor any subsidiary is a party to any corporate integrity agreement, monitoring agreement, consent decree, settlement order, or similar agreement with or
imposed by any governmental authority or Regulatory Agency. Additionally, neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries, nor any of its or their respective employees, officers, directors, or agents has been excluded, suspended or debarred from
participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the Companys knowledge, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that could reasonably be expected to
result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion. 

(rr)Immunity from Jurisdiction. Neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries nor any of its or their properties or assets has any immunity from the jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution or otherwise)
under the laws of Delaware. 

14 

(ss)No Shutdowns or Prohibitions. The Company has not had any clinical
laboratory or manufacturing site (whether Company-owned or that of a third party manufacturer for the Companys products) subject to a governmental authority shutdown or import or export prohibition, nor received any governmental authority
notice of inspectional observations, deficiency letters, requests to make changes to the Companys products, processes or operations, or similar correspondence or notice from any governmental authority or Regulatory Agency alleging or asserting
material noncompliance with any applicable Health Care Laws. To the Companys knowledge, no federal, state or local governmental authority is considering such action. 

(tt)Export and Import Laws. Each of the Company and the subsidiaries, and, to the Companys knowledge, each of
their affiliates and any director, officer, agent or employee of, or other person associated with or acting on behalf of, the Company has acted at all times in compliance with applicable Export and Import Laws (as defined below) and there are no
claims, complaints, charges, investigations or proceedings pending or expected or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any of the subsidiaries and any Governmental Authority under any Export or Import Laws. The term
Export and Import Laws means the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, the Export Administration Regulations, and all other laws and regulations
of the United States government regulating the provision of services to non-U.S. parties or the export and import of articles or information from and to the United States of America, and all similar laws and
regulations of any foreign government regulating the provision of services to parties not of the foreign country or the export and import of articles and information from and to the foreign country to parties not of the foreign country. 

(uu)Subsidiary Dividend Policy. No subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from
paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution on such subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such
subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other subsidiary of the Company. 

(vv)Transfer Taxes.
There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under Federal law or the laws of any state, or any political subdivision thereof, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance by the
Company or sale by the Company of the Offered Securities. 

(ww)No Reliance. The Company has not relied upon the
Representatives or legal counsel for the Representatives for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities. 

(xx)Lending Relationship. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the
Prospectus, the Company (i) does not have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of Representatives and (ii) does not intend to use any of the net proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities to
repay any outstanding debt owed to the Representatives or any affiliate of the Representatives. 

Any certificate signed by any officer of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries and delivered to any Underwriter or to counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the offering, or the purchase and sale, of the Offered Securities shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the
Company to each Underwriter as to the matters covered thereby. 

The Company has a reasonable basis for making each of the representations
set forth in this Section 1. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters and, for purposes of the opinions to be delivered pursuant to Section 6 hereof, counsel to the Company and counsel to the Underwriters, will rely upon the accuracy
and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance. 

15 

Section 2.Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Offered
Securities. 

(a)The Firm Securities. Upon the terms herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and
sell to the several Underwriters an aggregate of 1,250,000 Firm Shares and 11,250,000 Pre-Funded Warrants. On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, and upon the terms
but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective number of Firm Securities set forth opposite their names on ScheduleA. The
purchase price per (i) Firm Share to be paid by the several Underwriters to the Company shall be $3.76 per share and (ii) Pre-Funded Warrant to be paid by the several Underwriters to the Company
shall be $3.7599 per share. 

(b)The First Closing Date. Delivery of the Firm Securities to be purchased by
the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Goodwin Procter LLP (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Representatives) at 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on February 12, 2025, or such
other time and date not later than 1:30 p.m. New York City time, on February 19, 2025 as the Representatives shall designate by notice to the Company (the time and date of such closing are called the First Closing Date).
The Company hereby acknowledges that circumstances under which the Representatives may provide notice to postpone the First Closing Date as originally scheduled include, but are not limited to, any determination by the Company or the Representatives
to recirculate to the public copies of an amended or supplemented Prospectus or a delay as contemplated by the provisions of Sections 11 and 19. 

(c)The Optional Shares; Option Closing Date. In addition, on the basis of the representations, warranties and
agreements herein contained, and upon the terms but subject to the conditions herein set forth, the Company hereby grants an option to the several Underwriters to purchase, severally and not jointly, up to an aggregate of 1,875,000 Optional Shares
from the Company at the purchase price per share to be paid by the Underwriters for the Firm Shares, less an amount per share equal to any dividend or distribution declared by the Company and payable on the Firm Shares but not payable on Optional
Shares. The option granted hereunder may be exercised at any time and from time to time in whole or in part upon notice by the Representatives to the Company, which notice may be given at any time within 30 days from the date of this Agreement.
Such notice shall set forth (i) the aggregate number of Optional Shares as to which the Underwriters are exercising the option and (ii) the time, date and place at which certificates for the Optional Shares will be delivered (which time
and date may be simultaneous with, but not earlier than, the First Closing Date; and in the event that such time and date are simultaneous with the First Closing Date, the term First Closing Date shall refer to the time and date
of delivery of certificates for the Firm Shares and such Optional Shares). Any such time and date of delivery, if subsequent to the First Closing Date, is called an Option Closing Date, and shall be determined by the
Representatives and shall not be earlier than two or later than five full business days after delivery of such notice of exercise. If any Optional Shares are to be purchased, each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase the number
of Optional Shares (subject to such adjustments to eliminate fractional shares as the Representatives may determine) that bears the same proportion to the total number of Optional Shares to be purchased as the number of Firm Shares set forth on
Schedule A opposite the name of such Underwriter bears to the total number of Firm Shares. The Representatives may cancel the option at any time prior to its expiration by giving written notice of such cancellation to the Company.

(d)Public Offering of the Offered Securities. The Representatives hereby advise the Company
that the Underwriters intend to offer for sale to the public, initially on the terms set forth in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Offered Securities as soon after this
Agreement has been executed as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell the Offered Securities to or through any affiliate
of an Underwriter. 

16 

(e)Payment for the Offered Securities.
(i) Payment for the Offered Securities to be sold by the Company shall be made at the First Closing Date (and, if applicable, payment for the Optional Shares shall be made at each Option Closing Date) by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the order of the Company. 

(ii) It is understood that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own account and the
accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Firm Securities and any Optional Shares the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. Each of Jefferies, TD Cowen and William
Blair, individually and not as the Representatives of the Underwriters, may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Offered Securities to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received by the Representatives by
the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be, for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter from any of its obligations under this Agreement. 

(f)Delivery of the Offered Securities. (i) The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered
through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (DTC), including through the full fast transfer or Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) programs, unless the Representatives otherwise
instruct, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several Underwriters the Firm Securities at the First Closing Date, against release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor. The Company
shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered through the facilities of DTC, including through the full fast transfer or DWAC programs, unless the Representatives otherwise instruct, to the Representatives for the accounts of the several
Underwriters, the Optional Shares the Underwriters have agreed to purchase at the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be, against the release of a wire transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of
the purchase price therefor. If the Representatives so elect, delivery of the Offered Securities may be made by credit to the accounts designated by the Representatives through The Depository Trust Companys full fast transfer or DWAC programs.
If the Representatives so elect, the certificates for the Offered Securities shall be registered in such names and denominations as the Representatives shall have requested at least two full business days prior to the First Closing Date (or the
applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be) and shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the First Closing Date (or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be) at a location in New York City as the
Representatives may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to the obligations of the Underwriters. The Pre-Funded
Warrants shall be delivered to the Representatives in definitive form, registered in such names and in such denominations as the Representatives shall request in writing not later than the First Closing Date. The
Pre-Funded Warrants will be made available for inspection by the Representatives on the business day prior to the First Closing Date. 

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Representatives shall instruct purchasers of the
Pre-Funded Warrants to make payment for the Pre-Funded Warrants on the Closing Date to the Company by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account
specified by the Company at a purchase price of $3.9999 per Pre-Funded Warrant, in lieu of payment by the Underwriters for such Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Company
shall deliver the Pre-Funded Warrants to such purchasers on the Closing Date in definitive paper form against such payment, in lieu of the Companys obligation to deliver the Pre-Funded Warrants to the Representatives; provided that, the Underwriters shall withhold $0.24 per Pre-Funded Warrant with respect to such
Pre-Funded Warrants as an offset effected by the Company of its claim for payment by the Underwriters to the Company for the Firm Shares and Optional Shares (only to the extent the Underwriters option
under Section 2(c) hereof is exercised concurrently to close on the First Closing Date) against the Companys obligation to pay the amount so withheld with respect to such Pre-Funded Warrants to the
Underwriters. In the event that any purchaser of the Pre-Funded Warrants fails to 

17 

make payment to the Company for all or part of the Pre-Funded Warrants on the Closing Date, the Representatives shall either (i) make payment to the
Company for such Pre-Funded Warrants at the combined purchase price specified in Section 2(a) or (ii) elect, by written notice to the Company, to receive Shares at the combined purchase price
specified in Section 2(a) in lieu of all or a portion of such Pre-Funded Warrants contemplated to be sold under this Agreement. 

Section 3. Additional Covenants.

The Company further covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows: 

(a)Delivery of Registration Statement, Time of Sale Prospectus and Prospectus.The Company shall
furnish to you in New York City, without charge, prior to 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the business day next succeeding the date of this Agreement and during the period when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is required by the
Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with sales of the Offered Securities, as many copies of the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus
and any supplements and amendments thereto or to the Registration Statement as you may reasonably request. 

(b)Representatives Review of Proposed Amendments and Supplements.During the period when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is required by the Securities Act to be
delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule), the Company (i) will furnish to the Representatives for review, a reasonable period of time prior to the proposed time of filing of
any proposed amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, a copy of each such amendment or supplement and (ii) will not amend or supplement the Registration Statement (including any amendment or supplement through incorporation of any
report filed under the Exchange Act) without the Representatives prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Prior to amending or supplementing any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the
Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement through incorporation of any report filed under the Exchange Act), the Company shall furnish to the Representatives for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the time of filing or use of the
proposed amendment or supplement, a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement. The Company shall not file or use any such proposed amendment or supplement without the Representatives prior written consent (which shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall file with the Commission within the applicable period specified in Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act any prospectus required to be filed pursuant to such Rule. 

(c)Free Writing Prospectuses.The Company shall furnish to the Representatives for review, a
reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of each proposed free writing prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company, and the
Company shall not file, use or refer to any proposed free writing prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto without the Representatives prior written consent . The Company shall furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, as many
copies of any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by or referred to by the Company as such Underwriter may reasonably request. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether
physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) in connection with sales of the Offered Securities (but in any event if at any time through and including the First Closing Date) there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or
would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at such time, not misleading, the Company shall
promptly amend or supplement such free writing prospectus to eliminate or correct such 

18 

conflict or so that the statements in such free writing prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances prevailing at such time, not misleading, as the case may be; provided, however, that prior to amending or supplementing any such free writing prospectus, the Company
shall furnish to the Representatives for review, a reasonable amount of time prior to the proposed time of filing or use thereof, a copy of such proposed amended or supplemented free writing prospectus, and the Company shall not file, use or refer
to any such amended or supplemented free writing prospectus without the Representatives prior written consent. 

(d)Filing of Underwriter Free Writing Prospectuses.The Company shall not take any action that would result in an Underwriter or the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities
Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that such Underwriter otherwise would not have been required to file thereunder. 

(e)Amendments and Supplements to Time of Sale Prospectus.If the Time of Sale Prospectus is being
used to solicit offers to buy the Offered Securities at a time when the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers, and any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of
Sale Prospectus so that the Time of Sale Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when delivered to a
prospective purchaser, not misleading, or if any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which the Time of Sale Prospectus conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, or if, in the opinion of counsel for the
Underwriters, it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Prospectus to comply with applicable law, the Company shall (subject to Section 3(b) and Section 3(c) hereof) promptly prepare, file with the Commission and furnish, at
its own expense, to the Underwriters and to any dealer upon request, either amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Prospectus so that the statements in the Time of Sale Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not include an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when delivered to a prospective purchaser, not misleading or so that the Time of Sale Prospectus, as
amended or supplemented, will no longer conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, or so that the Time of Sale Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law. 

(f)Certain Notifications and Required Actions. After the date of this Agreement, the Company shall promptly
advise the Representatives in writing of (which may be by email): (i) the receipt of any comments of, or requests for additional or supplemental information from, the Commission; (ii) the time and date of any filing of any post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus or the Prospectus; (iii) the time and date that any post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement becomes effective; and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or any amendment or supplement to any
preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus or the Prospectus, or of any proceedings
to remove, suspend or terminate from listing or quotation the Shares from any securities exchange upon which they are listed for trading or included or designated for quotation, or of the threatening or initiation of any proceedings for any of such
purposes. If the Commission shall enter any such stop order at any time, the Company will use its best efforts to obtain the lifting of such order as soon as reasonably practicable. Additionally, the Company agrees that it shall comply with all
applicable provisions of Rule 424(b), Rule 433, Rule 430A or Rule 430B under the Securities Act and will use its reasonable efforts to confirm that any filings made by the Company under Rule 424(b) or Rule 433 were received in a timely manner
by the Commission. 

19 

(g)Amendments and Supplements to the Prospectus and Other Securities Act
Matters. If any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus so that the Prospectus does not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) to a purchaser,
not misleading, or if in the opinion of the Representatives or counsel for the Underwriters it is otherwise necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with applicable law, the Company agrees (subject to Section 3(b) and
Section 3(c) hereof) to promptly prepare, file with the Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and to any dealer upon request, amendments or supplements to the Prospectus so that the statements in the Prospectus as so
amended or supplemented will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus is delivered (whether
physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule) to a purchaser, not misleading or so that the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law. Neither the Representatives
consent to, nor delivery of, any such amendment or supplement shall constitute a waiver of any of the Companys obligations under Section 3(b) or Section 3(c). 

(h)Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters to
qualify or register the Offered Securities for sale under (or obtain exemptions from the application of) the state securities or blue sky laws (or other foreign laws) of those jurisdictions designated by the Representatives, shall comply with such
laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Offered Securities. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take any action that
would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where it would be subject to taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of
the qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Offered Securities for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of
any order suspending such qualification, registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof as soon as reasonably practicable. 

(i)Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Offered Securities sold by it
in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(j)Transfer Agent. The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a registrar and transfer agent for the
Shares. 

(k)Earnings Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and to the
Representatives as soon as practicable an earnings statement (which need not be audited) covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company commencing after the date of this Agreement that will satisfy
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

(l)Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Offered Securities as contemplated by this Agreement,
the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is required by the Securities
Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act or any similar rule), file on a timely basis with the Commission and Nasdaq all reports and documents required to be filed under the Exchange Act.

20 

(m)Listing. The Company will use its best efforts to list,
subject to notice of issuance, the Offered Shares on Nasdaq. 

(n)Company to Provide Copy of the Prospectus in Form That May
be Downloaded from the Internet. If requested by the Representatives, the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered, at its expense, within one business day from the effective date of this Agreement, to the Representatives an
electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the offering and sale of the Offered Securities. As used herein, the term electronic Prospectus means a form of the Prospectus, and any amendment or
supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representatives, that may be transmitted electronically by the Representatives and the other Underwriters to
offerees and purchasers of the Offered Securities; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper Prospectus, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and
image material shall be replaced in the electronic Prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an
electronic format, satisfactory to Jefferies, that will allow investors to store and have continuously ready access to the Prospectus at any future time, without charge to investors (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a
whole and for on-line time). The Company hereby confirms that it has included or will include in the Prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR or otherwise with the Commission and in the Registration Statement at the
time it was declared effective an undertaking that, upon receipt of a request by an investor or his or her representative, the Company shall transmit or cause to be transmitted promptly, without charge, a paper copy of the Prospectus. 

(o)Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Shares. During the period commencing on and including the date
hereof and continuing through and including the 90th day following the date of the Prospectus (such period, as extended as described below, being referred to herein as the Lock-up Period),
the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld in their sole discretion), directly or indirectly: offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, (or enter into any
transaction which is designed to, or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to cash settlement or otherwise) by the Company or any affiliate of the Company or
any person in privity with the Company or any affiliate of the Company) directly or indirectly, including the filing (or participation in the filing) of a registration statement with the Commission in respect of, or establish or increase a put
equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any other shares of the Companys Class A common stock or any securities convertible into, or exercisable,
or exchangeable for, shares of the Companys Class A common stock, including, for avoidance of doubt, the Companys Class B common stock (or publicly announce an intention to effect any such transaction); provided,
however, that the Company may (A) effect the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) issue Shares, options to purchase Shares, restricted stock units or performance-based restricted stock units, or issue Shares upon exercise of options
or settlement of restricted stock units or performance-based restricted stock units, pursuant to any stock option, stock bonus or other stock plan or arrangement described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the
Prospectus, but only if the holders of such Shares or options agree in writing with the Underwriters not to sell, offer, dispose of or otherwise transfer any such Shares or options during such Lock-up Period
without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent may be withheld in their sole discretion), (C) issue Shares pursuant to the conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities or exercise of warrants outstanding
on the date of this Agreement, (D) file a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to securities granted or to be granted pursuant to any plan in effect on the date of this Agreement and

21 

described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus or any assumed benefit plan pursuant to an acquisition or similar strategic transaction, (E) file (x)
a new omnibus shelf registration statement on Form S-3, and/or (y) a prospectus or prospectus supplement for an
at-the-market offering, provided that, in the case of either clause (x) and (y), none of the Companys securities are issued or sold pursuant to
any such registration statement and/or prospectus or prospectus supplement during the Lock-Up Period and (F) the sale or issuance of or entry into an agreement to sell or issue up to 5% of the outstanding
Shares, or securities convertible into, exercisable for, or which are otherwise exchangeable for, Shares, immediately following the Closing Date, in connection with the Companys acquisition of one or more businesses, products, assets or
technologies (whether by means of merger, stock purchase, asset purchase or otherwise) or in connection with joint ventures, collaboration or licensing agreements, marketing or distribution arrangements, commercial relationships or other strategic
transactions, provided that such recipients enter into a lock-up agreement with the Underwriters. For purposes of the foregoing, Related Securities shall mean any options or warrants or
other rights to acquire Shares or any securities exchangeable or exercisable for or convertible into Shares, or to acquire other securities or rights ultimately exchangeable or exercisable for, or convertible into, Shares. 

(p)Future Reports to the Representatives.During the period of five years hereafter,
the Company will furnish to the Representatives, c/o Jefferies LLC, at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Attention: Global Head of Syndicate; c/o TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, New York 10017-3978, Attention:
Head of Equity Capital Markets, with a copy to CIBLegal@tdsecurities.com; and c/o William Blair & Company, L.L.C. at 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: General Counsel: (i) as soon as practicable after the
end of each fiscal year, copies of the Annual Report of the Company containing the balance sheet of the Company as of the close of such fiscal year and statements of income, stockholdersequity and cash flows for the year then ended and
the opinion thereon of the Companys independent public or certified public accountants; (ii) as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, copies of each proxy statement, Annual Report on Form
10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public report filed by the Company with the Commission,
FINRA or any securities exchange; and (iii) as soon as available, copies of any report or communication of the Company furnished or made available generally to holders of its capital stock; provided, however, that the requirements of
this Section 3(p) shall be satisfied to the extent that such reports, statement, communications, financial statements or other documents are available on EDGAR. 

(q)Investment Limitation. The Company shall not invest or otherwise use the proceeds received by the Company from
its sale of the Offered Securities in such a manner as would require the Company or any of its subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

(r)No Stabilization or Manipulation; Compliance with Regulation M. The Company will not take, and
will ensure that no affiliate of the Company will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that might cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Shares or any reference security with respect to the Shares,
whether to facilitate the sale or resale of the Offered Securities or otherwise, and the Company will, and shall cause each of its affiliates to, comply with all applicable provisions of Regulation M. 

(s)Enforce Lock-Up Agreements. During the Lock-up Period, the Company will enforce all agreements between the Company and any of its securityholders that restrict or prohibit, expressly or in operation, the offer, sale or transfer of Shares or Related
Securities or any of the other actions restricted or prohibited under the terms of the form of Lock-up Agreement. In addition, the Company will direct the transfer agent to place stop transfer restrictions
upon any such securities of the Company that are bound by such lock-up agreements for the duration of the periods contemplated in such agreements, including, without limitation, lock-up agreements entered into by the Companys officers and directors and securityholders pursuant to Section 6(i) hereof. 

22 

(t)Company to Provide Interim Financial Statements. Prior to
the First Closing Date and each applicable Option Closing Date, the Company will furnish the Underwriters, as soon as they have been prepared by or are available to the Company, a copy of any unaudited interim financial statements of the Company for
any period subsequent to the period covered by the most recent financial statements appearing in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. 

(u)Amendments and Supplements to Permitted Section 5(d) Communications. If at
any time following the distribution of any Permitted Section 5(d) Communication, there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Permitted Section 5(d) Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the
Representatives and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Permitted Section 5(d) Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or omission. 

(v)Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company will promptly notify the Representatives if the Company ceases to be an
Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (i) the time when a prospectus relating to the Offered Securities is not required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 under the
Securities Act or any similar rule) and (ii) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period (as defined herein). 

The Representatives, on behalf of the several Underwriters, may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing the performance by the Company of
any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance. 

Section 4.Payment of
Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including without limitation
(i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Offered Securities and the Warrant Shares (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all fees and expenses of the registrar and transfer agent of the Shares,
(iii) all necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities to the Underwriters, (iv) all fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified
public accountants and other advisors, (v) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules,
consents and certificates of experts), the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus, each free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company, and each preliminary prospectus, each Permitted Section 5(d)
Communication, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement, (vi) all filing fees, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining
exemptions from the qualification or registration of) all or any part of the Offered Securities for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives, preparing and printing a Blue Sky
Survey or memorandum and a Canadian wrapper, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications, registrations and exemptions, (vii) the costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Underwriters in
connection with determining their compliance with the rules and regulations of FINRA related to the Underwriters participation in the offering and distribution of the Offered Securities, including any related filing fees and the legal fees of,
and disbursements by, counsel to the Underwriters, provided that the fees and expenses of legal counsel to the Underwriters under subsections (vi) and (vii) of this Section 4 shall not exceed $25,000 in the aggregate, (viii) the costs
and 

23 

expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any road show, any Permitted Section 5(d) Communication or any Section 5(d) Oral Communication undertaken in
connection with the offering of the Offered Securities, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the preparation or dissemination of any electronic road show, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics,
fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations with the prior approval of the Company; (ix) the fees and expenses associated with listing the Offered Shares and Warrant Shares on Nasdaq, and
(x) all other fees, costs and expenses of the nature referred to in Item 14 of Part II of the Registration Statement. Except as provided in this Section 4 or in Section 7, Section 9 or Section 10 hereof, the
Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel. 

Section 5.Covenant of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly covenants with the Company not to take any action that would result in the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the
Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that otherwise would not, but for such actions, be required to be filed by the Company under Rule 433(d). 

Section 6.Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The respective obligations of the
several Underwriters hereunder to purchase and pay for the Firm Securities as provided herein on the First Closing Date and, with respect to the Optional Shares, each Option Closing Date, shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and
warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof and as of the First Closing Date as though then made and, with respect to the Optional Shares, as of each Option Closing Date as though then made, to the
timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and to each of the following additional conditions: 

(a)Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP,
independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included
in accountants comfort letters to underwriters, delivered according to Statement of Auditing Standards No. 72 (or any successor bulletin), with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements and certain financial
information contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus, and each free writing prospectus, if any. 

(b)Compliance with Registration Requirements; No Stop Order; No Objection from FINRA. For the period from and after the date of this Agreement and through and including the First Closing Date and, with respect
to any Optional Shares purchased after the First Closing Date, each Option Closing Date: 

(i) The Company shall have filed the Prospectus
with the Commission (including the information required by Rule 430A and Rule 430B under the Securities Act) in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act; or the Company shall have filed a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement containing the information required by such Rule 430A and Rule 430B, and such post-effective amendment shall have become effective. 

(ii) No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement
shall be in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose shall have been instituted or threatened by the Commission. 

(iii) If a filing has
been made with FINRA, FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting terms and arrangements. 

24 

(c)No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the
period from and after the date of this Agreement and through and including the First Closing Date and, with respect to any Optional Shares purchased after the First Closing Date, each Option Closing Date: 

(i) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change; and 

(ii) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any
review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded any securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization as
that term is used in Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act. 

(d)Opinion and Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel for the Company. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date the Representatives shall have received the opinion and negative assurance letter of Mintz, Levin,
Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C., counsel for the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, dated as of such date. 

(e)Opinion of Intellectual Property Counsel for the Company.On each of the First
Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received the opinion and negative assurance letter of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, counsel for the Company with respect to intellectual property matters, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representatives, dated as of such date. 

(f)Opinion and Negative Assurance Letter of Counsel for the
Underwriters. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date the Representatives shall have received the opinion and negative assurance letter of Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel for the Underwriters in connection with the
offer and sale of the Offered Securities, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters, dated as of such date.

(g)Officers Certificate. On each of the First Closing Date and each Option
Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received a certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of such date, to the effect set forth in
Section 6(b)(ii) and further to the effect that: 

(i) for the period from and including the date of this Agreement through and
including such date, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Change; 

(ii) the representations, warranties and covenants of the
Company set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement are true and correct with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of such date; and 

(iii) the Company has complied with all the agreements hereunder and satisfied all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied
hereunder at or prior to such date. 

(h)Bring-down Comfort Letter. On each of the First Closing Date and each
Option Closing Date the Representatives shall have received from Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives, which letter
shall: (i) reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to Section 6(a), except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more than three business days prior to the
First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be; and (ii) cover certain financial information contained in the Prospectus. 

25 

(i)Lock-Up
Agreements. On or prior to the date hereof, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives an agreement in the form of Exhibit A hereto from each of the persons listed on Exhibit B hereto, and each such
agreement shall be in full force and effect on each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date. 

(j)Rule 462(b) Registration Statement. In the event that a Rule 462(b) Registration Statement is filed in connection with the offering contemplated by this Agreement, such Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement shall have been filed with the Commission on the date of this Agreement and shall have become effective automatically upon such filing. 

(k)CFO Certificate. On the date of this Agreement and on the First Closing Date or the applicable Option Closing Date,
as the case may be, the Company shall have furnished to the Representatives a certificate, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, of its chief financial officer with respect to certain financial data
contained in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, providing management comfort with respect to such information, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives. 

(l)Additional Documents. On or before each of the First Closing Date and each Option Closing Date, the Representatives
and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably request for the purposes of enabling them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Offered Securities as contemplated herein, or in
order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the
Offered Securities as contemplated herein and in connection with the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters. 

(m)Warrant Shares Reserved.The Company shall, at all times while any
Pre-Funded Warrants are outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved shares of Class A common stock, solely for the purpose of
enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of such Pre-Funded Warrants, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of the then-outstanding Pre-Funded Warrants. 

If any condition specified in this Section 6 is not satisfied when and as
required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice from Jefferies to the Company at any time on or prior to the First Closing Date and, with respect to the Optional Shares, at any time on or prior to the
applicable Option Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any party to any other party, except that Section 4, Section 7, Section 9 and Section 10 shall at all times be effective and shall
survive such termination. 

Section 7.Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this
Agreement is terminated by the Representatives pursuant to Section 6, Section 11 or Section 12, or if the sale to the Underwriters of the Offered Securities on the First Closing Date is not consummated because of any refusal,
inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Representatives and the other Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this
Agreement with respect to themselves), severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Representatives and the
Underwriters in connection with the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Offered Securities, including, but not limited to, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and
telephone charges. 

26 

Section 8.Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement
shall become effective upon the execution and delivery hereof by the parties hereto. 

Section 9.Indemnification. 

(a)Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or
expense, as incurred, to which such Underwriter or such affiliate, director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or the
laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions where Offered Securities have been offered or sold or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company),
insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, or any amendment thereto, or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act, any
Marketing Material, any Section 5(d) Written Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (iii) any act or failure to act or any alleged act or failure to act by any Underwriter in connection with, or relating in any manner to, the Offered Securities or
the offering contemplated hereby, and which is included as part of or referred to in any loss, claim, damage, liability or action arising out of or based upon any matter covered by clause (i) or (ii) above; and to reimburse each Underwriter and
each such affiliate, director, officer, employee, agent and controlling person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or such affiliate,
director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity
agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent, but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and
in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company by the Representatives in writing expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any such free writing
prospectus, any Marketing Material, any Section 5(d) Written Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), it being understood and agreed that the only such information consists of the information described in
Section 9(b) below. The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 9(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise have. 

(b)Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to
indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any
loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to which the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation,
or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter), insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as
contemplated below) arises out of or is based upon (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any 

27 

amendment thereto, or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (ii) any
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus that the Company has used, referred to or filed, or is required to file, pursuant to
Rule 433 of the Securities Act, any Section 5(d) Written Communication or the Prospectus (or any such amendment or supplement) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration
Statement, such preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, such free writing prospectus, such Section 5(d) Written Communication or the Prospectus (or any such amendment or supplement), in reliance upon and in conformity with
information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company by the Representatives in writing expressly for use therein; and to reimburse the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company, or any such director, officer or controlling person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss,
claim, damage, liability, expense or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Representatives have furnished to the Company expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of
Sale Prospectus, any free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) of the Securities Act, any Section 5(d) Written Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the
foregoing) are the statements set forth inthe first sentence of the third paragraph under the caption Underwriting, the first two sentences of the first paragraph under the caption UnderwritingCommission and
Expenses and the first sentence of the first sentence of the first paragraph under the caption UnderwritingStabilization in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and the Final Prospectus Supplement. The indemnity agreement
set forth in this Section 9(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise have. 

(c)Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this Section 9 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof
is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 9, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof, but the omission to so notify the indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from any
liability which it may have to any indemnified party to the extent the indemnifying party is not materially prejudiced as a proximate result of such failure and shall not in any event relieve the indemnifying party from any liability that it may
have otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be
entitled to participate in, and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such
indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, that if the defendants in any such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party and
the indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to
it and/or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise
participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election to so assume the defense of such action
and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 9 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection

28 

with the defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that
the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action), which counsel (together with any local
counsel) for the indemnified parties shall be selected by Jefferies (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in Section 9(a) above) or by the Company (in the case of counsel for the indemnified parties referred to in
Section 9(b) above) or (ii) the indemnifying party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action or
(iii) the indemnifying party has authorized in writing the employment of counsel for the indemnified party at the expense of the indemnifying party, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense of the
indemnifying party and shall be paid as they are incurred. 

(d)Settlements. The indemnifying party under this
Section 9 shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the
indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the
indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by Section 9(c) hereof, the indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered
into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any
indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all
liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and does not include an admission of fault or culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of such indemnified party. 

Section 10.Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 9 is for any reason held to be
unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or
payable by such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the
one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, from the offering of the Offered Securities pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements or omissions which
resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with
the offering of the Offered Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the total proceeds from the offering of the Offered Securities pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting expenses)
received by the Company, and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the front cover page of the Prospectus, bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Offered
Securities as set forth on such cover. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters, on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

29 

The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages,
liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 9(c), any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending any
action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 9(c) with respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 10; provided, however, that no additional notice
shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 9(c) for purposes of indemnification. 

The
Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 10 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other
method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 10. 

Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 10, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter in connection with the Offered Securities underwritten by it and
distributed to the public. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 10 are several, and not joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule A. For purposes
of this Section 10, each affiliate, director, officer, employee and agent of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to
contribution as such Underwriter, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company. 

Section 11.Default of One or More of the Several
Underwriters. If, on the First Closing Date or any Option Closing Date any one or more of the several Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Offered Shares that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the
aggregate number of Offered Shares which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of the Offered Shares to be purchased on such date, the Representatives may
make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the purchase of such Offered Shares by other persons, including any of the Underwriters, but if no such arrangements are made by such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally and
not jointly, in the proportions that the number of Firm Shares set forth opposite their respective names on ScheduleA bears to the aggregate number of Firm Shares set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Representatives with the consent of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase the
Offered Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date. If, on the First Closing Date or any Option Closing Date any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase
Offered Securities and the aggregate number of Offered Securities with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate number of Offered Securities to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to the Representatives
and the Company for the purchase of such Offered Securities are not made within 48 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Section 4,
Section 7, Section 9 and Section 10 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case either the Representatives or the Company shall have the right to postpone the First Closing Date or the
applicable Option Closing Date, as the case may be, but in no event for longer than seven days in order that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected. 

30 

As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter shall be deemed to
include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this Section 11. Any action taken under this Section 11 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this
Agreement. 

Section 12.Termination of this Agreement. Prior to the purchase of the Firm
Securities by the Underwriters on the First Closing Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representatives by notice given to the Company if at any time: (i) trading or quotation in any of the Companys securities shall have been
suspended or limited by the Commission or by Nasdaq, or trading in securities generally on either Nasdaq or the NYSE shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock
exchanges; (ii) a general banking moratorium shall have been declared by any of federal, New York or Utah authorities; (iii) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of national or international hostilities or any crisis or
calamity, or any change in the United States or international financial markets, or any substantial change or development involving a prospective substantial change in United States or international political, financial or economic conditions,
as in the judgment of the Representatives is material and adverse and makes it impracticable to market the Offered Securities in the manner and on the terms described in the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus or to enforce contracts for the
sale of securities; (iv) in the judgment of the Representatives there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change; or (v) the Company shall have sustained a loss by strike, fire, flood, earthquake, accident or other calamity of such
character as in the judgment of the Representatives may interfere materially with the conduct of the business and operations of the Company regardless of whether or not such loss shall have been insured. Any termination pursuant to this
Section 12 shall be without liability on the part of (a) the Company to any Underwriter, except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the expenses of the Representatives and the Underwriters pursuant to Section 4 or
Section 7 hereof or (b) any Underwriter to the Company; provided, however, that the provisions of Section 9 and Section 10 shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. 

Section 13.No Advisory or Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (a) the
purchase and sale of the Offered Securities pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the public offering price of the Offered Securities and any related discounts and commissions, is an
arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters, on the other hand, and does not constitute a recommendation, investment advice, or solicitation of
any action by the Underwriters, (b) in connection with the offering contemplated hereby and the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company,
or its stockholders, creditors, employees or any other party, (c) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading
thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and no Underwriter has any obligation to the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby except the obligations
expressly set forth in this Agreement, (d) the Underwriters and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, (e) the Underwriters have not
provided any legal, accounting, regulatory, investment or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, financial, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deemed
appropriate, and (f) none of the activities of the Underwriters in connection with the transactions contemplated herein constitutes a recommendation, investment advice or solicitation of any action by the Underwriters with respect to any entity
or natural person. 

31 

Section 14.Representations and Indemnities to Survive
Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements, representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, of its officers and of the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant to this Agreement will remain in full force
and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or the Company or any of its or their partners, officers or directors or any controlling person, as the case may be, and, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, will survive delivery of and payment for the Offered Securities sold hereunder and any termination of this Agreement. 

Section 15.Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered or
telecopied and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows: 

If to the Representatives: Jefferies LLC

520 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Facsimile: (646) 619-4437

Attention: General Counsel

TD Securities (USA) LLC

1 Vanderbilt
Avenue

New York, New York 10017

Facsimile: (646) 562-1130

Attention: General Counsel

Email: CIBLegal@tdsecurities.com

William Blair & Company, L.L.C.

150
North Riverside Plaza

Chicago, Illinois 60606

Facsimile: (312) 551-4646

Attention: General Counsel

with a copy to: Goodwin Procter LLP

620 Eighth Avenue

New York, New York 10018

Attention. Edwin M. OConnor

If to the Company: Sera Prognostics, Inc.

2749 East Parleys Way, Suite 2000

Salt Lake City, Utah 84109

Facsimile: (801) 990-0640

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

with a copy to: Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

One Financial Center

Boston, MA 02111

Attention: Matthew J. Gardella and Nishant Dharia

Any party hereto may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others. 

32 

Section 16.Successors. This Agreement will inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 11 hereof, and to the benefit of the affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons referred to in
Section 9 and Section 10, and in each case their respective successors, and personal representatives, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder. The term successors shall not include any purchaser
of the Offered Securities as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason of such purchase. 

Section 17.Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any section,
paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable. 

Section 18. Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity (as defined below) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime (as defined below), the transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special
Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S.
Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For purposes of this
Agreement, (A) BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k); (B) Covered Entity means any of the
following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R.
47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b); (C) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable; and (D) U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Section 19.Governing Law Provisions. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in such state. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby may be
instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York
(collectively, the Specified Courts), and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement of a judgment of any such court, as to which such jurisdiction
is non-exclusive) of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above shall be effective service of
process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and
unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

33 

Section 20.General Provisions. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be
executed in two or more counterparts, each one of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including any
electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and Records Act or other applicable law, i.e., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so
delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied)
may be waived unless waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 

Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during
negotiations regarding the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 9 and the contribution provisions of Section 10, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties
hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Section 9 and Section 10 hereof fairly allocate the risks in the light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business in order to assure that
adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, each free writing prospectus and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements to the foregoing), as contemplated by the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

34 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and
return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

SERA PROGNOSTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Austin Aerts

Name: Austin Aerts

Title: Chief Financial Officer

The foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Representatives in New
York, New York as of the date first above written. 

JEFFERIES LLC

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

WILLIAM BLAIR & COMPANY, L.L.C.

Acting individually and as Representatives of the several Underwriters named in the attached Schedule A.

JEFFERIES LLC

By: /s/ Jack Fabbri

Name: Jack Fabbri

Title: Managing Director

TD SECURITIES (USA) LLC

By: /s/ Michael Campbell

Name: Michael Campbell

Title: Managing Director

WILLIAM BLAIR & COMPANY, L.L.C.

By: /s/ Rakhee Bhagat

Name: Rakhee Bhagat

Title: Managing Director

35 

Schedule A 

Underwriters 

Number of

Firm Shares

to be Purchased 

Number of Pre-

Funded Warrants to

be Purchased 

Jefferies LLC 500,000 4,500,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 437,500 3,937,500 

William Blair & Company, L.L.C. 250,000 2,250,000 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 62,500 562,500 

Total 1,250,000 11,250,000 

Schedule B 

Free Writing Prospectuses Included in the Time of Sale Prospectus 

None. 

Pricing
Information Included in the Time of Sale Prospectus 

Price per share to the public: $ 4.00 

Number of shares being sold by the Company: 1,250,000 

Number of shares potentially issuable pursuant to the option to purchase additional
shares: 1,875,000 

Price per pre-funded warrant to the public $ 3.9999 

Number of pre-funded warrants offered by the
Company 11,250,000 

Schedule C 

Permitted Section 5(d) Communications 

None. 

Exhibit A 

Form of Lock-up Agreement 

A-1 

Exhibit B 

Directors, Executive Officers and Others 

Signing Lock-up Agreement 

Directors and Affiliated Entities: 

Kim Kamdar 

Jane F. Barlow 

Gregory C. Critchfield 

Sandra A.J. Lawrence 

Mansoor Raza Mirza 

Joshua Phillips 

Ryan Trimble 

Marcus Wilson 

Domain Associates, LLC 

Trimble Trust 

Critchfield Family Trust 

Executive Officers: 

Zhenya Lindgardt 

Austin Aerts 

Jay Boniface 

Paul Kearney 

Robert G. Harrison 

Benjamin G. Jackson 

B-1 

Exhibit C 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d862672dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT TO PURCHASE CLASS A COMMON STOCK 

Number of Shares: [ ]

(subject to adjustment)

Warrant No. 

Original Issue Date: [ ], 2025

SERA PROGNOSTICS, INC. 

Sera Prognostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby certifies that, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, [ ] or its registered assigns (the Holder), is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the Company up to a total of [ ] shares of Class A
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Common Stock), of the Company (each such share, a Warrant Share and all such shares, the Warrant Shares) at an
exercise price per share equal to $0.0001 per share (as adjusted from time to time as provided in Section 9 herein, the Exercise Price), upon surrender of this Warrant to Purchase Class A Common
Stock (including any Warrants to Purchase Class A Common Stock issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, the Warrant) at any time and from time to time on or after the date hereof (the Original Issue
Date), subject to the following terms and conditions: 

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the
following meanings: 

(a) Affiliate means any Person directly or indirectly controlled by, controlling or under common
control with, a Holder, but only for so long as such control shall continue. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, controlled by, controlling and under common
control with) means, with respect to a Person, possession, direct or indirect, of (a) the power to direct or cause direction of the management and policies of such Person (whether through ownership of securities or partnership or other
ownership interests, by contract or otherwise), or (b) at least 50% of the voting securities (whether directly or pursuant to any option, warrant or other similar arrangement) or other comparable equity interests. 

(b) Attribution Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any direct or indirect Affiliates
of the Holder, (ii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Section 13(d) group together with the Holder or any Attribution Parties and (iii) any other Persons whose beneficial ownership of the
Companys Class A Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and/or any other Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is
to subject collectively the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage. 

(c) Commission means
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(d) Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date,
the last trade price for such security on the Principal Trading Market for such security, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or, if such Principal Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the last
trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 P.M., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the
over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for
a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to
agree upon the fair market value of such security, then the Board of Directors of the Company shall use its good faith judgment to determine the fair market value. The Board of Directors determination shall be binding upon all parties absent
demonstrable error. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(e) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(f) Group shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and all related rules,
regulations and jurisprudence. 

(f) Person means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint
venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and a government or any department or agency thereof. 

(g) Principal Trading Market means the national securities exchange or
other trading market on which the Class A Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading, which, as of the Original Issue Date, shall be the Nasdaq Global Market. 

(h) Registration Statementmeans the Companys Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-281347), declared effective on August 13, 2024.

(i) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(j) Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, for the
Principal Trading Market with respect to the Class A Common Stock that is in effect on the date of delivery of an applicable Exercise Notice, which as of the Issuance Date was T+1. 

(k) Trading Day means any weekday on which the Principal Trading Market is normally open for trading. 

(l) Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, the Companys transfer agent and registrar for the Class A
Common Stock, and any successor appointed in such capacity. 

2. Issuance of Securities; Registration of Warrants. The Warrant, as initially issued
by the Company, is offered and sold pursuant to the Registration Statement. As of the Original Issue Date, the Warrant Shares are issuable under the Registration Statement. Accordingly, the Warrant and, assuming issuance pursuant to the Registration
Statement or an exchange meeting the requirements of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as in effect on the Original Issue Date, the Warrant Shares, are not restricted securities under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
Act. The Company shall register ownership of this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder (which shall include the initial Holder or, as the
case may be, any assignee to which this Warrant is permissibly assigned hereunder) from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any
distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

3. Registration of Transfers. Subject to compliance
with all applicable securities laws, the Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, register the transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, and payment for all applicable transfer
taxes (if any). Upon any such registration or transfer, a new warrant to purchase Class A Common Stock in substantially the form of this Warrant (any such new warrant, a New Warrant) evidencing the portion of this Warrant so
transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee thereof
shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the rights and obligations in respect of the New Warrant that the Holder has in respect of this Warrant. The Company shall, or will cause its Transfer Agent to, prepare, issue and deliver
at the Companys own expense any New Warrant under this Section 3. Until due presentment for registration of transfer, the Company may treat the registered Holder hereof as the owner and holder for all purposes, and
the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

4. Exercise of Warrants. 

(a) All or any part of this Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder in any manner permitted by this Warrant (including
Section 11) at any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date, and such rights shall not expire. 

(b) The Holder
may exercise this Warrant by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Exercise Notice), completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for
the number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (which may take the form of a cashless exercise if so indicated in the Exercise Notice pursuant to Section 10 below), and the date on
which the last of such items is delivered to the Company (as determined in accordance with the notice provisions hereof) is an Exercise Date. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an
exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of the Exercise Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Warrant Shares, if any.

5. Delivery of Warrant Shares. 

(a) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall promptly (but in no event later than the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard
Settlement Period following the Exercise Date), upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock specified by the Holder in the Exercise Notice and to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise (the Exercise Shares) to the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian system, or if the Transfer Agent is
then a participant in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program (the FAST Program) and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or the resale of such
Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Exercise Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144
promulgated under the Securities Act (assuming cashless exercise of this Warrant). If the Transfer Agent is not a member of the FAST Program or if (A) and (B) above are not true, the Transfer Agent will either (i) record the Exercise
Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee on the certificates reflecting the Exercise Shares with an appropriate legend regarding restriction on transferability, which shall be issued and dispatched by overnight courier to the address as
specified in the Exercise Notice, and on the Companys share register or (ii) issue such Exercise Shares in the name of the Holder or its designee in restricted book-entry form in the Companys share register. The Holder, or any
natural person or legal entity (each, a Person) so designated by the Holder to receive Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date, irrespective of the date
such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holders DTC account, the date of the book entry positions or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Exercise Shares, as the case may be. 

(b) If the Company fails to deliver to the Holder or its designee Exercise Shares in the manner required pursuant to
Section 5(a) within the Standard Settlement Period following the Exercise Date and the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Class A Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale
by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In) but did not receive within the Standard Settlement Period, then the Company shall,
within two (2) Trading Days after the Holders request and in the Holders sole discretion, either (1) pay in cash to the Holder an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any)
for the shares of Class A Common Stock so purchased, at which point the Companys obligation to issue and deliver such Exercise Shares shall terminate or (2) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder or its designee the
Exercise Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Class A
Common Stock so purchased in the Buy-In, less the product of (A) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchased in the Buy-In, times (B) the
Closing Sale Price of a share of Class A Common Stock on the Exercise Date. 

(c) To the extent permitted by law and subject to
Section 5(b), the Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with and subject to the terms hereof (including the limitations set forth in Section 11 below) are absolute
and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any
setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance that might otherwise limit such obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of Warrant Shares. Subject to Section 5(b), nothing herein shall limit the
Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver
shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

6. Charges, Taxes and Expenses.
Issuance and delivery for shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax or expense (excluding any applicable
stamp duties) in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the registration of any Warrant Shares or the Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder or an Affiliate thereof. The Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or
transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof. 

7. Replacement of Warrant. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction (in such case) and, in each case, a customary and reasonable contractual indemnity, if requested by the Company. If a New Warrant is requested as a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the
Holder shall deliver such mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Companys obligation to issue the New Warrant. 

8. Reservation of Warrant Shares. The Company covenants that it will, at all times while this Warrant
is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein
provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are initially issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any other contingent purchase rights of persons other than the Holder (taking into account
the adjustments and restrictions of Section 9). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms
hereof, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and non-assessable. The Company will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary to assure that such shares of Class A Common Stock
may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Class A Common Stock may be listed. The Company further
covenants that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Holder, take any actions to increase the par value of the Class A Common Stock at any time while this Warrant is outstanding. 

9. Certain Adjustments. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (the Number of Warrant
Shares) are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9. 

(a) Stock
Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Class A Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock issued and outstanding on the
Original Issue Date and in accordance with the terms of such stock on the Original Issue Date or as amended, that is payable in shares of Class A Common Stock, (ii) subdivides its outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a
larger number of shares of Common Stock, (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Class A Common Stock or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of capital stock any additional shares
of Class A Common Stock of the Company, then in each such case the Number of Warrant Shares shall be multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after such
event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution, provided, however, that if such record date shall have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid on the date fixed therefor, the Number of
Warrant Shares shall be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date and thereafter the Number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted pursuant to this paragraph as of the time of actual payment of such dividends. Any
adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision or combination. 

(b) Pro Rata Distributions. If, on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other pro rata
distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property,
options, evidence of indebtedness or any other assets by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction, but, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any distribution of
shares of Class A Common Stock subject to Section 9(a), any distribution of Purchase Rights (as defined below) subject to Section 9(c) and any Fundamental Transaction (as defined below)
subject to Section 9(d)) (a Distribution) then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if
the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum
Percentage (as defined below)) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the
participation in such Distribution (provided, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder
shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Class A Common Stock as a result of such Distribution (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and
the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time
or times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent Distribution held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation).

(c) Purchase Rights. If at any time on or after the Original Issue Date, the Company
grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property, in each case pro rata to the record holders of any class of common stock (the Purchase Rights), then
the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Class A Common Stock acquirable upon
complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations or restrictions on exercise of this Warrant, including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or
sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Class A Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, that to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent
(and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such Class A Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of
the Holder until such time or times as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right
granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such limitation). As used in this Section 9(c), (i)
Options means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Class A Common Stock or Convertible Securities and (ii) Convertible Securities mean any stock or securities (other than
Options) directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock. 

(d)
Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding (i) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not own, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of the surviving entity immediately after such merger or consolidation, (ii) the Company effects
any sale to another Person of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person), holders of capital stock tender
shares representing more than 50% of the voting power of the capital stock of the Company and the Company or such other Person, as applicable, accepts such tender for payment, (iv) the Company consummates a stock purchase agreement or other
business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than the 50% of the
voting power of the capital stock of the Company (except for any such transaction in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction maintain, in substantially the same proportions, the voting power of such Person
immediately after the transaction) or (v) the Company effects any reclassification of the Class A Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Class A Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) above) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction), then following such Fundamental Transaction the Holder shall have the right to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitations on
exercise contained herein (the Alternate Consideration). The Company shall not effect any Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity or the Alternate Consideration includes securities of another
Person unless (i) the Alternate Consideration is solely cash and the Company provides for the simultaneous cashless exercise of this Warrant pursuant to Section 10 below or (ii) prior to or
simultaneously with the consummation thereof, any successor to the Company, surviving entity or other Person (including any purchaser of assets of the Company) shall assume the obligation to deliver to the Holder such Alternate Consideration as, in
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Holder may be entitled to receive, and the other obligations under this Warrant. The provisions of this paragraph (c) shall similarly apply to subsequent transactions analogous of a Fundamental
Transaction type. 

(d) Number of Warrant Shares. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise
Price pursuant to Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price
payable hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment. 

(e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth of one cent or the nearest share, as applicable. 

(f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the
occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company at its expense will, at the written request of the Holder, promptly compute such adjustment, in good faith, in accordance with the terms of this Warrant
and prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing the
transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the Companys
transfer agent. 

(g) Notice of Corporate Events. If, while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company (i) declares a dividend or
any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Class A Common Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any
subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of
the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such transaction at least ten (10) days prior to the applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Class A Common Stock in order to
participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such notice. In addition, if
while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction contemplated by Section 9(c), other than a
Fundamental Transaction under clause (iii) of Section 9(c), the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice of such Fundamental Transaction at least thirty (30) days prior to the date such Fundamental Transaction is
consummated. Holder agrees to maintain any information disclosed pursuant to this Section 9(g) in confidence until such information is publicly available, and shall comply with applicable law with respect to trading in the Companys
securities following receipt any such information. 

10. Payment of Exercise Price. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the
Holder may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligation to pay the Exercise Price through a cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares in an exchange of securities effected
pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, as determined as follows: 

X = Y [(A-B)/A]

where: 

X
equals the number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder; 

Y equals the total number of Warrant Shares with respect to
which this Warrant is then being exercised; 

A equals the Closing Sale Prices of the shares of Class A Common Stock (as
reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets) as of the Trading Day on the date immediately preceding the Exercise Date; and 

B
equals the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable Warrant Shares at the time of such exercise. 

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities Act, it is intended, understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be
deemed to have commenced, on the date this Warrant was originally issued (provided that the Commission continues to take the position that such treatment is proper at the time of such exercise). In the event that the Registration Statement or
another registration statement registering the issuance of Warrant Shares is, for any reason, not effective at the time of exercise of this Warrant, then the Warrant may only be exercised through a cashless exercise, as set forth in this
Section 10. Except as set forth in Section 5(b) (Buy-In remedy) and Section 12 (payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares), in no event will the exercise of this Warrant be
settled in cash. 

11. Limitations on Exercise. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect the exercise of any portion of this Warrant, and
the Holder of the Warrant shall not have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant, and any such exercise shall be null and void ab initio and treated as if the exercise had not been made, to the extent that immediately prior to or following
such exercise, the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficially owns or would beneficially own as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, in excess of [4.99/9.99%]
(the Maximum Percentage) of the Class A Common Stock that would be issued and outstanding following such exercise. For purposes of calculating beneficial ownership for determining whether the Maximum Percentage is or will be
exceeded, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties, shall include the number of shares of Class A Common Stock held and/or beneficially owned
by the Holder together with the Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the relevant Warrant with respect to which the determination is being made but shall exclude the number of shares of
Class A Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, unexercised Warrant held and/or beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company held and/or beneficially owned by such Holder or any Attribution Party (including, without limitation, any convertible notes, convertible stock or warrants) that are subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Paragraph 11(a), beneficial ownership of the Holder or the Attribution Parties shall, except as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, be
calculated and determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. For purposes of the Warrant, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, a Holder of the
Warrant may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Companys most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current
Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company
or the Companys transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding (such issued and outstanding shares, the Reported Outstanding Share Number). For any reason at any time, upon the
written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding. The Holder shall disclose
to the Company the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that it, together with the Attribution Parties holds and/or beneficially owns and has the right to acquire through the exercise of derivative securities and any limitations on exercise
or conversion analogous to the limitation contained herein contemporaneously or immediately prior to submitting an Exercise Notice for the relevant Warrant. If the Company receives an Exercise Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number
of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share Number, the Company shall (i) notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent
that such Exercise Notice would otherwise cause the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 11(a), to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the
Company of a reduced number of Warrant Shares to be purchased pursuant to such Exercise Notice (the number of shares by which such purchase is reduced, the Reduction Shares) and (ii) as soon as reasonably practicable, the
Company shall return to the Holder any exercise price paid by the Holder for the Reduction Shares. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder and the Attribution Parties since the date as of which the Reported Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of Class A Common Stock to the Holder
upon exercise of this Warrant results in the Holder, together with the Attribution Parties, being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (as
determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), the number of shares so issued by which the Holders, together with the Attribution Parties, aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage (the Excess
Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder and/or the Attribution Parties shall not have the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable after the issuance
of the Excess Shares has been deemed null and void, the Company shall return to the Holder the exercise price paid by the Holder for the Excess Shares. By written notice to the Company, a Holder of the Warrant may from time to time increase or
decrease the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99% specified in such notice; provided that any increase in the Maximum Percentage will not be effective until the sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to
the Company and shall not negatively affect any partial exercise effected prior to such change. 

(b) This Section 11 shall not restrict the number of shares of
Class A Common Stock which a Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other consideration that such Holder or the Attribution Parties may receive in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section 9(c) of this Warrant. For purposes of clarity, the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable pursuant to the terms of this Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage
shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by the Holder or the Attribution Parties for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder or Section 16 of the Exchange Act Rule 16a-1(a)(1) promulgated thereunder. No prior inability to exercise this Warrant pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect to any
subsequent determination of exercisability. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 11(a) to the extent necessary to
correct this paragraph or any portion of this paragraph which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 11(a) or to make changes or supplements necessary or
desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

12. No Fractional Shares. No fractional Warrant Shares will be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional shares
that would otherwise be issuable, the number of Warrant Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the next whole number and the Company shall pay the Holder in cash the fair market value (based on the Closing Sale Price) for any such fractional
shares. 

13. Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice)
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent prior to 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or
communication is delivered via confirmed e-mail at the e-mail address specified in the books and records of the Transfer Agent on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 5:30 P.M., New York City time, on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier service specifying next business day delivery, or (iv) upon actual
receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given, if by hand delivery. 

14. Warrant Agent. The Company shall initially serve as
warrant agent under this Warrant. Upon thirty (30) days notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent may be merged or any corporation resulting from any
consolidation to which the Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor
warrant agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holders last
address as shown on the Warrant Register. 

15. Miscellaneous. 

(a) No Rights as a Stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth in this Warrant, the Holder, solely in such Persons capacity as a
holder of this Warrant, shall not be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of share capital of the Company for any purpose, nor shall anything contained in this Warrant be construed to confer upon the Holder, solely in such
Persons capacity as the Holder of this Warrant, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether any reorganization, issue of stock, reclassification of stock,
consolidation, merger, amalgamation, conveyance or otherwise), receive notice of meetings, receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, prior to the issuance to the Holder of the Warrant Shares which such Person is then entitled to
receive upon the due exercise of this Warrant. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise) or as a stockholder of
the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

(b) Authorized Shares. (i) Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by
the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate or articles of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount
payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

(ii) Before taking any action which would
result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

(c) Successors and Assigns. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities laws, this Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by the Company without the written consent of the Holder, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on
and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Holder and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal
or equitable right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder, or their successors and assigns. 

(d) Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise provided herein, the provisions of the Warrants may be amended and the Company may take
any action herein prohibited, or omit to perform any act herein required to be performed by it, only if the Company has obtained the written consent of the Holder. 

(e) Acceptance. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

(f) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND
INTERPRETATION OF THIS WARRANT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW THEREOF. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SITTING IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK, BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR WITH ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
DISCUSSED HEREIN (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS), AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, ANY CLAIM THAT IT IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE
JURISDICTION OF ANY SUCH COURT. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF PROCESS AND CONSENTS TO PROCESS BEING SERVED IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF VIA REGISTERED OR
CERTIFIED MAIL OR OVERNIGHT DELIVERY (WITH EVIDENCE OF DELIVERY) TO SUCH PERSON AT THE ADDRESS IN EFFECT FOR NOTICES TO IT AND AGREES THAT SUCH SERVICE SHALL CONSTITUTE GOOD AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND NOTICE THEREOF. NOTHING CONTAINED
HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY ANY RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY. 

(g) Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

(h) Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant shall be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the Company and the Holder will attempt in good faith to agree
upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its
authorized officer as of the date first indicated above. 

SERA PROGNOSTICS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE 1 

FORM OF EXERCISE NOTICE 

[To be executed by the Holder to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock under the Warrant] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

(1) The undersigned is the Holder of
Warrant No. __ (the Warrant) issued by Sera Prognostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the
Warrant. 

(2) The undersigned hereby exercises its right to purchase Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant. 

(3) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

Cash Exercise 

Cashless Exercise under Section 10 of the Warrant 

(4) If the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $ in immediately available funds to the Company in accordance with the terms of
the Warrant. 

(5) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant Shares determined in accordance with the terms of the
Warrant. 

(6) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise
evidenced hereby the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) permitted to be owned under
Section 11(a) of the Warrant to which this notice relates. 

Dated:

Name of Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on the face of the Warrant)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d862672dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

One Financial Center

Boston, MA 02111

617 542 6000

mintz.com

February 10, 2025 

Sera
Prognostics, Inc. 

2749 East Parleys Way, Suite 200 

Salt
Lake City, Utah 84109 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted
as legal counsel to Sera Prognostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) of a prospectus supplement, dated
February 10, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement) to a prospectus dated August 13, 2024 (the Base Prospectus and together with the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus), filed pursuant to a Registration
Statement (File No. 333-281347) on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company with the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act). The Prospectus Supplement relates to the sale of (i) an aggregate of 3,125,000 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock), which includes 1,875,000 Shares of the Companys Common Stock that may be sold pursuant to the exercise of an option to purchase additional shares, and (ii) pre-funded
warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 11,250,000 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), pursuant to an
underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), dated February 10, 2025, between the Company and Jefferies LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC and William Blair & Company, L.L.C., as representatives of the several
underwriters named therein. The Underwriting Agreement will be filed as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. This opinion is being rendered
in connection with the filing of the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Registration Statement. 

In connection with this opinion, we have examined the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date, and Restated
Bylaws, each as currently in effect, the Registration Statement and the exhibits thereto, the Prospectus, the Underwriting Agreement, the form of Pre-Funded Warrant, and such other records of the corporate
proceedings of the Company and certificates of the Companys officers as we have deemed relevant. 

BOSTON LOS ANGELES MIAMI NEW YORK SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO TORONTO WASHINGTON 

MINTZ, LEVIN, COHN, FERRIS, GLOVSKY AND POPEO, P.C. 

MINTZ

Sera Prognostics, Inc.

February 10, 2025

Page 2 

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons,
the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified or photostatic copies, the authenticity of the originals of such copies, and the truth and correctness
of any representations and warranties contained therein. With respect to our opinion as to the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded
Warrants, we have assumed that, at the time of issuance and sale, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock are authorized and available for issuance under the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, as then
in effect and that the exercise price per share of the Pre-Funded Warrants is an amount that is not less than the par value of the Common Stock. We have relied, without independent verification, on
certificates of public officials and, as to matters of fact material to the opinions set forth below, on certificates of officers of the Company. 

Our
opinion expressed herein is limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and we express no opinion with respect to the laws of any other jurisdiction. No opinion is expressed herein with respect to (i) the qualification of
the Shares, the Pre-Funded Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares under the securities or blue sky laws of any state or any foreign jurisdiction, or (ii) the
compliance with any federal or state law, rule or regulation relating to securities, or to the sale or issuance thereof. 

Based upon the foregoing, we are
of the opinion that (i) the Shares, when issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii) the Pre-Funded Warrants, when paid for in accordance with the terms of the Registration Statement and the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, except as may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors in general and the general principles of equity, and (iii) the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares when issued
against payment therefor in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

Please note that we are opining only as to the matters expressly set forth herein, and no opinion should be inferred as to any other matters. This opinion is
based upon currently existing statutes, rules, regulations and judicial decisions, and we disclaim any obligation to advise you of any change in any of these sources of law or subsequent legal or factual developments which might affect any matters
or opinions set forth herein. 

We understand that you wish to file this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act
and to reference the firms name under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus Supplement, and we hereby consent thereto. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is
required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

MINTZ

Sera Prognostics, Inc.

February 10, 2025

Page 3 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d862672dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Sera Prognostics Announces Proposed Public Offering 

Salt Lake City, February 10, 2025 Sera Prognostics, Inc., The Pregnancy
Company (Sera or the Company) (Nasdaq: SERA), which focuses on improving maternal and neonatal health by providing innovative pregnancy biomarker information to
doctors and patients, today announced that it has commenced a proposed underwritten public offering of its Class A common stock and, in lieu of Class A common stock to certain investors, pre-funded
warrants to purchase shares of its Class A common stock. In addition, Sera intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase shares of Class A common stock in an amount up to an
additional 15% of the total amount of shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class A common stock underlying pre-funded warrants sold in the public offering on the same terms and conditions.
All of the shares and pre-funded warrants to be sold in the offering will be offered by Sera. The offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the
offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. 

Jefferies, TD Cowen and William Blair are acting as joint book-running
managers and RBC Capital Markets is acting as a bookrunner for the proposed offering. 

Sera intends to use the net proceeds from the proposed offering to
expand its commercial infrastructure and capabilities in the United States, accelerate preparations for expansion in the European Union, fund additional studies designed to increase adoption of the PreTRM test, including a potential submission to
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) seeking broad approval of the PreTRM test, and for general corporate purposes. 

A shelf
registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281347) relating to the securities offered in the underwritten offering was filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC) on August 7, 2024 and declared effective on August 13, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus that form a part of the registration statement. A
preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and
accompanying prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at 877-821-7388 or by email at prospectus_department@jefferies.com; TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at 855-495-9846, or by email at TD.ECM_Prospectus@tdsecurities.com; or William Blair & Company, L.L.C., The William Blair Building, 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, or by telephone at
(800) 621-0687 or email at prospectus@williamblair.com. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification of
these securities under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. 

About Sera Prognostics, Inc. 

Sera Prognostics is a leading health diagnostics company dedicated to improving the lives of women and babies through precision pregnancy care. Seras
mission is to provide early, pivotal pregnancy information to improve the health of mothers and newborns, resulting in reductions in the costs of healthcare delivery. Sera has a robust pipeline of innovative diagnostic tests focused on the early
prediction of preterm birth risk and other complications of pregnancy. Seras precision medicine PreTRM Test reports to a physician the individualized risk of spontaneous premature
delivery in a pregnancy, enabling earlier proactive interventions in women with higher risk. Sera Prognostics is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

Safe Harbor Statement 

This press release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements relating to the size, structure, timing and completion of the proposed public offering, the grant to the
underwriters of an option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock and our anticipated use of proceeds of the proposed public offering. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current
expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to: the uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion of the proposed public offering on the anticipated terms, or at all, net losses, cash generation, and the potential need to raise more capital;
revenues from the PreTRM Test representing substantially all Company revenues to date; the need for broad scientific and market acceptance of the PreTRM Test; a concentrated number of material customers; our ability to introduce new products;
potential competition; our proprietary biobank; critical suppliers; estimates of total addressable market opportunity and forecasts of market growth; potential third-party payer coverage and reimbursement; new reimbursement methodologies applicable
to the PreTRM Test, including new CPT codes and payment rates for those codes; changes in FDA regulation of laboratory-developed tests; the intellectual property rights protecting our tests and market position; and other factors discussed under the
heading Risk Factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as
well as any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and the Company
undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Contact 

Investor Contact 

Peter DeNardo, CapComm Partners 

peter@capcommpartners.com 

+1 (415) 389-6400
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d862672dex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 

Sera Prognostics Announces Pricing of $50 Million Public Offering 

Salt Lake City, February 10, 2025 Sera Prognostics, Inc., The Pregnancy
Company(Sera or the Company) (Nasdaq: SERA), which focuses on improving maternal and neonatal health by providing
innovative pregnancy biomarker information to doctors and patients, today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 1,250,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a public offering price of $4.00 per share, and, in lieu of
Class A common stock to certain investors, pre-funded warrants to purchase 11,250,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a public offering price of $3.9999 per
pre-funded warrant, which equals the public offering price per share of the Class A common stock less the $0.0001 per share exercise price of each pre-funded
warrant, in each case before underwriting discounts and commissions. The gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by Sera, are expected to be approximately
$50 million. Sera has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,875,000 shares of Class A common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and
commissions. The pre-funded warrants will be immediately exercisable, and may be exercised at any time after their original issuance. All of the shares and pre-funded
warrants are being offered by Sera. The offering is expected to close on February 12, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

Jefferies, TD Cowen and William Blair are acting as joint book-running managers and RBC Capital Markets is acting as a bookrunner for the offering. 

Sera intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to expand its commercial infrastructure and capabilities in the United States, accelerate preparations
for expansion in the European Union, fund additional studies designed to increase adoption of the PreTRM test, including a potential submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) seeking broad approval of the PreTRM test,
and for general corporate purposes. 

A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281347) relating to the securities offered in the underwritten offering was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on August 7, 2024 and declared effective on
August 13, 2024. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus that form a part of the registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the
offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SECs website located at www.sec.gov. A final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and
accompanying prospectus relating to this offering, when available, may be obtained from Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at 877-821-7388 or by email at prospectus_department@jefferies.com; TD Securities (USA) LLC, 1 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at 855-495-9846, or by email at TD.ECM_Prospectus@tdsecurities.com; or William Blair & Company, L.L.C., The William Blair Building, 150 North Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, or by telephone at
(800) 621-0687 or email at prospectus@williamblair.com. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy these
securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification of these securities under the securities laws of
any such state or other jurisdiction. 

About Sera Prognostics, Inc. 

Sera Prognostics is a leading health diagnostics company dedicated to improving the lives of women and babies through precision pregnancy care. Seras
mission is to provide early, pivotal pregnancy information to improve the health of mothers and newborns, resulting in reductions in the costs of healthcare delivery. Sera has a robust pipeline of innovative diagnostic tests focused on the early
prediction of preterm birth risk and other complications of pregnancy. Seras precision medicine PreTRM Test reports to a physician the individualized risk of spontaneous premature
delivery in a pregnancy, enabling earlier proactive interventions in women with higher risk. Sera Prognostics is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

Safe Harbor Statement 

This press release contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements relating to our satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the public offering, the anticipated
closing date of the public offering, the sale of our securities in the public offering, the expected amount of the gross proceeds and our anticipated use of proceeds of the public offering. These forward-looking statements are based on
managements current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion of the public offering on the anticipated terms, or at all, net losses, cash generation, and the potential need to raise more
capital; revenues from the PreTRM Test representing substantially all Company revenues to date; the need for broad scientific and market acceptance of the PreTRM Test; a concentrated number of material customers; our ability to introduce new
products; potential competition; our proprietary biobank; critical suppliers; estimates of total addressable market opportunity and forecasts of market growth; potential third-party payer coverage and reimbursement; new reimbursement methodologies
applicable to the PreTRM Test, including new CPT codes and payment rates for those codes; changes in FDA regulation of laboratory-developed tests; the intellectual property rights protecting our tests and market position; and other factors discussed
under the heading Risk Factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, as well as any updates to those risk factors filed from time to time in our periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and the
Company undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law. 

Contact 

Investor Contact 

Peter DeNardo, CapComm Partners 

peter@capcommpartners.com 

+1 (415) 389-6400
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>sera-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>sera-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>sera-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g862672g0211234818769.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g862672g0211234818935.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001534969

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Sera Prognostics, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-40606

Entity Tax Identification Number 26-1911522

Entity Address, Address Line One 2749 East Parleys Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 200

Entity Address, City or Town Salt Lake City

Entity Address, State or Province UT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 84109

City Area Code (801)

Local Phone Number 990-0520

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol SERA

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://seraprognostics.com//20250210/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d862672d8k.htm 
sera-20250210.xsd 
sera-20250210_lab.xml 
sera-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-024518-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d862672d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001534969 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

false 
0001534969 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
Sera Prognostics, Inc. 
DE 
001-40606 
26-1911522 
2749 East Parleys Way 
Suite 200 
Salt Lake City 
UT 
84109 
(801) 
990-0520 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
SERA 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>