<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-25-002419.txt : 20250326
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-25-002419.hdr.sgml : 20250326
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250326073028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-25-002419
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001218683
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		EIN:				880445167
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40849
		FILM NUMBER:		25770183

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			SHARON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		61 02 8624 6130

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			SHARON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16146

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wize Pharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OphthaliX, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DENALI CONCRETE MANAGEMENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030213
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0235663-8k_mawson.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000121868300012186832025-03-212025-03-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 21, 2025

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-40849 88-0445167

(State or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 

Identification No.)

950 Railroad Avenue, Midland, Pennsylvania 15059

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: +1-412-515-0896

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on WhichRegistered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value MIGI The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 21, 2025, Mawson Infrastructure
Group Inc. (the Company) and Canaan Inc., a NASDAQ-listed publicly traded company, executed a Master Colocation Agreement
(the Agreement). The Agreement has an initial term of three years, and the parties can extend upon mutual agreement. Under
the terms of the Agreement, Mawson will provide approximately 64 MW of colocation capacity at the Companys facilities. The Agreement
includes provisions for digital colocation services.

The description of the Agreement is
only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such document, which is filed as an exhibit to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and
Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Agreement (Redacted) between Mawson Hosting LLC and Canaan Inc.+

99.1 Press Release dated March 26, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

+ The foregoing description of the Agreement does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the redacted text of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Certain portions of this
exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv) because such information is both not material and would likely
cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. In addition, certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant
to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the Securities
and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedule or exhibit so furnished.

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The Company cautions that statements in this press
release that are not a description of historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words referencing future events or circumstances such as
expect, intend, plan, anticipate, believe, and will, among others.
Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon the Companys current expectations and involve
assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from
those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties. More detailed information about the
risks and uncertainties affecting the Company is contained under the heading Risk Factors included in the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2024, August
19, 2024, November 14, 2024, and in other filings that the Company has made and may make with the SEC in the future. One should not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. Because such statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date
on which they were made, except as may be required by law.

1

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized.

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.

Date: March 26, 2025 By: /s/ Rahul Mewawalla

Rahul Mewawalla

CEO, President, Director

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023566301ex10-1_mawson.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT (REDACTED) BETWEEN MAWSON HOSTING LLC AND CANAAN INC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

MASTER COLOCATION AGREEMENT

This Master Colocation Agreement (the Agreement)
is made on March 16, 2025 (Effective Date), by and between:

Mawson Hosting LLC, a limited liability
company incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware, the United States of America (Host); and,

a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America (Client).

Each of the parties to this Agreement is referred
herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties as the case may be.

WHEREAS:

(A) Host is the operator of the Data Center Facility (as defined below) and provides Services
(as defined below) at the Data Center Facility.

(B) Client intends to situate the Colocation Servers (as defined below) at the Data Center Facility and receive
Services from Host in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the premises and the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the parties agas follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS

1.1. In this Agreement, these expressions have the following meanings:

Affiliate means,
with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with such
Person

All In Power Cost means
the sum of the following amounts:

All In Power Rate
means the All In Power Rate for a given Billing Period based on the average of the All-In Power Costs during hours power was consumed,
as provided by the Hosts energy provider.

Master Colocation Agreement

Applicable Law
means any treaty, law, decree, order, regulation, decision, statute, ordinance, rule, directive, or code under local law, the law of any
U. S. state or federal law (including securities laws and applicable securities exchanges rules), and which creates or purports to create
any requirement or rule that may affect, restrict, prohibit or expressly allow the terms of this Agreement or any activity contemplated
or carried out under this Agreement.

Auxiliary Load
means additional MDC Infrastructure other than ASIC miners that draws power including, fans, lights and network equipment, Auxiliary Load
is captured in the Client metered load.

Bench Units means
spare, back up ASIC mining units provided by the Client to the Host for the purpose of removing and replacing inactive miners. A minimum
par level of units must be maintained at all times.

BTC Revenue means
Bitcoin generated through cryptocurrency mining using ASICs.

Billing Period
means the period of approximately one (1) month for which Host issues invoices to Client for the Services provided by Host during such
period, the determination of which shall follow the following principle: (a) the first Billing Period shall commence from the Initial
Date through the last calendar day of the same month, and (b) each of the subsequent Billing Periods shall commence from the first calendar
day of the month following the previous Billing Period through the last calendar day of such month.

Business Day
means a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which banking institutions in the State where the Data Center Facility
is located are open generally for business.

Client Default
means any Event of Default as set forth in Article 11 where Client is the defaulting Party.

Colocation Capacity
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the applicable Service Order.

Colocation Quantity
means the agreed quantity of the Colocation Servers in accordance with the applicable Service Order, for which Host shall provide the
Colocation Capacity, the details of which shall be initially set forth in the applicable Service Order.

Colocation Servers
means the ASIC servers and ancillary hardware equipment owned by Client or its designated third party(ies) and colocated at the Data Center
Facility pursuant to this Agreement and an applicable Service Order.

Control means,
with respect to any Person, the power or authority, whether exercised or not, to direct the business, management and policies of such
Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, provided that, in the case
of a Person that is an entity, such power or authority shall conclusively be presumed to exist upon possession of beneficial ownership
or power to direct the vote of more than fifty percent (50%) of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting of the holders of the shares
or other equity interests or registered capital of such Person or power to control the composition of a majority of the board of directors
or similar governing body of such Person. The terms Controlled and Controlling have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.

2 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

Cost of Revenue
means the total cost of All In Power Cost and Operations Service Fee times the power consumed within a Billing Period.

CSP means Hosts
curtailment service provider.

Curtailment Program
means Hosts energy demand response program whereby Host can reduce its power use during certain times and be compensated for doing
so by Hosts CSP, generating revenue.

Curtailment Event Period
means a period of time occurring within the Billing Period in which the Host is generating revenue from its CSP through the Hosts
energy demand response program/ There can be several Curtailment Event Periods that can occur within a Billing Period.

Curtailment Program Revenue
means revenue earned by participating in the Hosts Curtailment Program.

Data Center Facility
means the data center facility operated by Host, details of which shall be submitted to Client in the form set forth in EXHIBIT A of APPENDIX
I hereto, where Host provides the Services to Client pursuant to the applicable Service Order(s).

Day shall mean,
unless otherwise specified, a calendar day inclusive of weekends, holidays, Business Days and non-Business Days.

Delayed
Compensation means the corresponding amount payable by either Party as compensation for its delayed performance in accordance
with Articles 3.6(b), 3.6(c) and 3.6(d).

End-Period Meter Reading
means the meter reading of the Power Consumption Meter taken at 23:59 (UTC) on the last day of the applicable Billing Period.

Effective Date
means the date of this Agreement.

Forecasted Revenue per Rack
means the revenue based on a profitability calculator, such as NiceHash, to be agreed upon by Client and Host.

Force Majeure
means in respect of either Party, any event or occurrence whatsoever beyond the reasonable control of that Party, which delays, prevents
or hinders that Party from performing any obligation imposed upon that Party under this Agreement, except payment, insurance, and indemnity
obligations of Client under this Agreement, including to the extent such event or occurrence shall delay, prevent or hinder such Party
from performing such obligation, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist activities, acts of sabotage, blockade, fire, lightning, acts
of god, national strikes, riots, insurrections, civil commotions, quarantine restrictions, epidemics and pandemics, earthquakes, landslides,
avalanches, floods, telecommunications or utilities outages, hurricanes, explosions, and legal, regulatory and administrative or similar
action or delays to take actions of any governmental authority.

3 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

Gross Revenue
means all BTC revenue received to Mining Pool within Foundry, generated from operating Colocation Servers.

Gross Profit
means Gross Revenue less Cost of Revenue.

Host Equipment
means all equipment at the Data Center Facility that is owned by the Host including but not limited to modular data centers, transformers,
breakers, switches, pads, fans, heat deflectors, CCTV, fences and other security related items, racking, cabling, servers, tools, vehicles
and other property and equipment, but does not include the Colocation Servers or the Inventory Assets.

Index Rate means
the Power Reimbursement fee is calculated based on the All In Power Rate that Host is invoiced by their power provider as set out in the
Service Order, and as further set forth in the Service Order.

Information Memorandum
means the document captioned as such and attached to the Service Order as Exhibit A.

Initial Date
means the date on which the Colocation Servers under the Service Order, or the first batch of Colocation Servers if there are more than
one batch under the Service Order, are powered-on for normal Colocation and operation.

Inventory Assets
means any asset stored or kept by Client at the Data Center Facility other than the Colocation Servers, but which is reasonably necessary
to operate or maintain the Colocation Servers. Inventory Assets which may include, without limitation, servers or hardware equipment that
are damaged, defective, malfunctioning or not operating, servers or hardware equipment that are returned for maintenance and repair, servers
or hardware equipment that are backup to the Colocation Servers, the spare parts and components for the maintenance and repair of the
Colocation Servers, and the packaging materials for the Colocation Servers.

kWh means kilowatt
hours of power.

LMP means Locational
Marginal Pricing.

Lost Gross Revenue per Rack
means revenue that would have been earned by a miner within a single rack space that was lost due to the rack space being vacant.
Lost Gross Revenue per Miner is calculated based on a profitability calculator, such as NiceHash, to be agreed upon by Client and Host.

4 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

Low Power Mode
means a special operation mode unique to the specific Colocation Server in which such Colocation Server consumes less electrical power
than its Rated Power.

Minimum Strike Price
means the lowest strike price that Client can instruct Host to implement under Article 5, and as further set out in the Service Order.

MDC Infrastructure
means the equipment utilized by the Host to operate the Colocation Servers, including without limitation the exhaust fans, switches, lights,
and CCTV.

Miner Redirection
means the authority Host has to divert all BTC Revenue from Mining Pool to Hosts Wallet, in order to resolve Client unpaid balances.

Minimum Power Commitment
means the commitment of power consumption of Host pursuant to the applicable Power Purchase Agreement, the failure to utilize electrical
power under which, or the failure to make payment of which regardless of the actual utilization, will constitute a breach of contract
under such Power Purchase Agreement. The specific amount of the Minimum Power Commitment shall be set forth in the applicable Information
Memorandum of Data Center Facility.

Mining Pool means
the location for which all BTC Revenue generated from operating Colocation Servers are directed for the purpose of this Agreement, except
when Miner Redirection is implemented.

Monitoring Software
means the software designated by the Parties to monitor the operation of the Colocation Servers, which shall be mutually agreed between
the Parties in the applicable Service Order.

Monthly Theoretical Fee
means Sum of Rated Power of Each Colocation Server Powered-On (MW) 24 hours 31 days Operations Service Fee ($/MWh
as defined in applicable Service Order).

Net Benefit Price
means the minimum power price permitted as a strike price as prescribed by PJM on a monthly basis. Host will provide the Net Benefit Price
to the Client on the last day or each month for the following month.

Net Profit
or Net Profit to Client means the Gross Profit to Client less Operations Service Fee as agreed upon by the Host and
associated sales and use taxes, as well as repair out of warranty, excluding shipping costs, insurance costs and taxes that are owed by
the Client within the Service Order. Net Profit and Net Profit to Client will also be used for the purpose of determining Tier I and Tier
II.

5 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

Online Status
means the status of a Colocation Server that is powered-on with constant supply of electrical power, has stable connection with network
and is accessible via the Monitoring Software where the status tag Online is indicated for such Colocation Server.

Online Status
Ratio means a fraction where the numerator is the sum of the actual length of time measured in hours of each Co-location Server
in Online Status during the applicable Billing Period, and the denominator is the product of the Co-location Quantity of Co-location Servers
and the theoretical length of time measured in hours of each Co-location Server in Online Status during the applicable Billing Period
(Theoretical Online Hours). Theoretical Online Hours will exclude scheduled maintenance mutually agreed by the Parties
in writing or which the Host reasonably believes is required to maintain the performance and security of the Data Center Facility or part
thereof, any period during which Host is required to curtail power use by government or any competent authority, downtime caused by Force
Majeure Events, downtime caused by Client, downtime due to Clients request to voluntary power off the Co-location Servers, downtime
caused by defects in Clients Co-location Servers, and downtime caused by inappropriate act or omission in relation to the operation
of the Co-location Servers by Client Personnel. The Online Status Ratio shall finally be determined by the data as illustrated on the
Monitoring Software, except that if there is a technical failure (including, but not limited to, technical failure of the Monitoring Software
and/or the Co-location Servers, or offline of the Next Unit of Computing, etc.) that prevents from reading certain data, the aforementioned
numerator and denominator shall be adjusted accordingly to subtract such time during which the relevant data cannot be read due to such
technical failure, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. For the avoidance of doubt, calculation of Online Status Ratio shall not be
adjusted for any technical failures under Article 6.13.

Operations
Service Fee means a base MW / hr rate charged to Client to cover basic Colocation hosting services as set forth in the Service
Order.

Permitted
Disputed Items has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 3.6(b)(iii).

Person means
any individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, proprietorship, association, limited liability company, firm, trust, estate
or other enterprise or entity (whether or not having separate legal personality).

PJM
is an acronym for Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland Interconnection, an independent system operator (ISO) and regional transmission organization
(RTO) that manages the electric grid which services the Data Center Facility.

Power Consumption
means the amount of electrical power consumed in connection with the operation of the Colocation Servers during the applicable Billing
Period, which shall be determined by subtracting the End-Period Meter Reading of the Billing Period immediately preceding the relevant
Billing Period from the End-Period Meter Reading of the relevant Billing Period, the unit of which shall be kWh.

6 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

Power Consumption Meter
means the monitoring device installed by Host at the Data Center Facility for monitoring the electrical power consumed by Client in the
operation of its Colocation Servers and MDC Infrastructure, located as set forth in the Information Memorandum.

Power Prepayment means
the estimated Power Reimbursement for the 2 forward months. The Power Prepayment will be calculated based on forward power curve price
as provided by the PJM and will include all adders and taxes equaling the All In Power Cost.

Power Purchase Agreement
means the power purchase agreement, or other similar agreement for procurement of electrical power for the Data Center Facility, entered
into between Host, or its Affiliate, and the relevant power supplier of the Data Center Facility.

Power Reimbursement
means the all-inclusive power purchase fee to be paid by Client for power used in connection with the Colocation Servers and associated
MDC Infrastructure, which has been invoiced to Host under the Power Purchase Agreement, and then passed through to Client under this Agreement,
charged as a percentage of total power usage at the Data Center Facility.

Profit Share
and means an agreed percentage of Gross Profit and/or any relevant Gross Revenue or Cost of Revenue items that are being proportionally
split between Host and Client as defined in the Service Order and Term Sheet.

Primary Admin means
the Party which has primary access to the Mining Pool Subaccount on Foundry (i.e. the main account holder)

Quarter means
each of the three-month periods ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31.

Ramp Down Period
means an agreed period for which Colocation Servers are removed from rack, packed and made ready for shipment.

Ramp Up Period
means an agreed period for which the Colocation Servers are placed on rack, connected to power and data.

Rated Power means
the amount of the rated electrical power stated on the factory label of the applicable Colocation Server.

Reconciliation
Statement means the statement issued by Host to Client every Billing Period for reconciliation between the Parties, which shall
set out details including but not limited to Power Consumption, the Online Status Ratio, Power Reimbursement
fees, Operations Service Fees chargeable, any occurrence of interruption or suspension of any Service during such Billing Period, the
form of which is set out in APPENDIX II hereto. Host may satisfy the requirements of the Reconciliation Statement in more than one document.

7 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

Relevant Jurisdiction
means the State of Delaware of the United States of America.

Service means
the Colocation service(s) provided by Host to Client pursuant to this Agreement subject to the actual service(s) agreed between the Parties
in the applicable Service Order. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree and acknowledge that the Service does not include any maintenance
of Colocation Servers.

Service Order(s)
means the Service Order(s) executed by the Parties in the form set out in APPENDIX I hereto, as amended from time to time in accordance
with this Agreement.

Shipment Date or
Shipment Date Schedule means the date or dates on which the Colocation Servers under the Service Order, or the first
batch of Colocation Servers if there are more than one batch under the Service Order, have been delivered to a common carrier for shipment
by the Client.

Strike Price Calculator
means the calculating tool used by Host to determine the adopted Strike Price which determined the highest Gross Profit from mining BTC
or CSP Earnings. Host and Client may change this calculating tool to written mutual agreement.

Subaccount for
a mining pool is a subsidiary account created under a main account that allows Host and Client to manage and organize their cryptocurrency
mining activities within a Mining Pool platform.

Tier I or Tier 1 means .

Tier II or Tier 2 means .

Wallet means a digital tool to store, manage, and interact with cryptocurrencies.

1.2. In this Agreement, unless otherwise specified:

(i) words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa where the context so requires;

(ii) the headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be taken into consideration in the
interpretation or construction of this Agreement;

(iii) references to Articles and Appendix(es) are references to the articles and appendix(es) of this Agreement;

(iv) references to days, dates and times are to the days, dates and times of the Relevant Jurisdiction, unless
otherwise indicated;

8 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

(v) any reference to a code, law, statute, statutory provision, statutory instrument, order, regulation or
other instrument of similar effect shall include any re-enactment or amendment thereof for the time being in force;

(vi) the attached Exhibits, Appendices, Schedules, and Addenda referenced or attached hereto shall form part
of this Agreement and shall have effect as if set out in full in the body of this Agreement, and any reference to this Agreement includes
such attachments;

(vii) understanding and interpretation of this Agreement shall be based on the purpose of this Agreement and
the original meaning of the context and prevailing understanding and practice in the industry, and provisions of this Agreement and relevant
Appendix(es) shall be understood and interpreted as a whole; and

(viii) $, US$, US dollar, US dollars,
dollar and dollars denote lawful currency of the United States of America.

2. SCOPE OF SERVICES

Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, Host shall provide to Client, and Client shall receive from Host, the Services agreed in each of the applicable Service
Orders.

3. PROFIT SHARE, OPERATIONS SERVICE FEE AND PAYMENTS

3.1. Profit Share Calculation is total BTC Revenue generated from operating Colocation Servers less Cost of
Revenue. Profit Share to Client includes actual Power Consumption charges incurred and used by Client to operate its Colocation Servers.
Host is not a power provider company but contracts with the power provider company to facilitate the supply of power, in part, to Clients
Colocation Servers to allow Client to operate its Colocation Servers. The actual costs of power, including applicable sales and use taxes
and fees charged by the Power Provider, for power consumed by Client under this Agreement are passed on directly from the Power Provider
to Client pursuant to Article 3.

As a requirement for base operational
services maintained by Host, Hosts Operations Service Fees are a function of Clients Power Consumption as measured by the
Power Consumption Meter. The Operations Service Fee charged is in addition to and separate from the actual provision and billing of Power
Consumption to Client. The Operations Service Fee including applicable sales and use taxes and fees will be proportionally split based
on Profit Share.

3.2. Profit Share percentages for each Billing Period shall be calculated as defined in each of the applicable
Service Orders.

3.3. Miner Management Systems (MMS) Access. If Client utilizes MMS in addition to the MMS being
provided by the Host, Host will administer Clients MMS on Hosts infrastructure.

9 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

3.4. 

3.5. Other Fees. Other fees set forth in the applicable Service Order shall be paid in accordance with such
Service Order. Fees charged on a pay-per-use basis and not set out in the Service Order may only be incurred after prior written approval
of Client.

3.6. If such services are provided, they will be indicated in the applicable Service Order and invoiced and
itemized separately. Client shall be responsible for any and all sales or use taxes which may be imposed on such services, based on the
Clients percentage split of Gross Profit if applicable.

3.7. Delay in Performance.

(a) Delayed Compensation. 

(b) Delay in Delivery of Colocation Servers. Client will deliver the Colocation Servers, including
the respective batch of Colocation Servers, to Host, FOB destination, Hosts Data Center Facility. Except as otherwise agreed by
both Parties, in the event that Client fails to ship the respective batch of Colocation Servers before or within ten (10) calendar days
of each batch shipment date in the Shipment Date Schedule as set forth in paragraph 2.2 of the applicable Service Order,

(i) Host shall be entitled to payment from the Client for the corresponding Delayed Compensation in accordance
with the corresponding number of hours and number of Colocation Servers delayed and any other compensation, expenses, fees, charges, or
other sums which may be due Host by Client; and

(ii) if Client fails to remedy such delay within thirty (30) calendar days, Host shall be entitled to terminate
this Agreement by notice with immediate effect.

(iii) Host will invoice the Client directly to recover the Delayed Compensation discussed here in Article 3.6.
Client shall unconditionally remit to Host all Delayed Compensation within seven (7) Business Days upon the earlier of (i) the delivery
of Colocation Servers, or (ii) from the termination of this Agreement, unless otherwise stipulated in the Agreement.

10 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

All Colocation Servers
shall be properly prepared for safe and lawful shipment by Client, shall be shipped FOB to the Host Data Center Facility via the common
carrier mutually agreed upon by the Parties, and shall be accompanied by appropriate transportation and other agreed upon documentation.
Client shall make all arrangements for shipping per the agreed upon carrier.

Client will be responsible
for Delayed Compensation due to Delay in shipment of the Colocation Servers, unless the Client can document that the delay occurs not
through the fault of Client or occurs due to factors outside of the Clients control, being delays caused by the common carrier
or Force Majeure.

Client must have
a reasonable basis demonstrating that the Colocation Servers have been handed over to the shipping carrier and that there are factors
outside of their control affecting delays. Failure to maintain records or systems to show proof of the above can still result in the Delayed
Compensation.

Risk of loss or damage
to the Colocation Servers shall remain solely with Client until delivered FOB to the Data Center Facility. Client shall be responsible
for all costs and expenses associated with shipping the Client Assets, including but not limited to freight, insurance, taxes, customs,
and duties. In the event that any Colocation Servers are lost, damaged, or delayed during shipping, Client shall promptly replace the
affected Client Assets at its own expense.

(c) Delay in Power-On of Colocation Servers.

(i) Except as otherwise agreed by both Parties, Host shall, to the satisfaction of Client, connect (1) the
Data Center Facility to electrical power, and (2) enable the Data Center Facility to reach its standard operational conditions for the
respective batch of Colocation Servers within twenty (20) calendar days of delivery of the relevant batch to Host (Installation
Period). The Installation Period will be extended day-for-day when weather conditions at the Data Center Facility do not allow
for installation to occur.

(ii) In the event that either of the conditions set forth in Article 3.6(c)(i)
fails to be satisfied on time, Host shall be liable to pay to Client the corresponding Delayed Compensation in accordance with the corresponding
number of hours and number of Colocation Servers delayed.

11 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

(iii) In the event that either of the conditions set forth in Article 3.6(c)(i)
fails to be satisfied for more than thirty (30) calendar days, Client shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement by notice with immediate
effect. Host shall unconditionally remit to Client all Delayed Compensation within seven (7) Business Days upon the eartlier of (i) satisfaction
of the conditions set forth in Article 3.6(c)(i), or (ii) from the termination of this Agreement, unless otherwise stipulated in the Agreement.

3.8. Power Reimbursement. Prepayments of Power Reimbursement fees shall be made by Client to Host throughout
the Term of the Agreement as follows:

(a) Prepayment. Client shall pay a prepayment to Host (the Prepayment) fifteen
(15) Business Days prior to the estimated power-on date for each batch of Colocation Servers as calculated and set forth in the applicable
Service Order. Host shall maintain the Prepayment at the level required in the Service Order during the Term of the Agreement at all times
and shall immediately make payments to Host to increase the Prepayment to the required amount if the amount of the Prepayment falls below
the required amount.

(b) Return of Prepayment. Host may use a Prepayment to only prepay or
pay power costs incurred by the Client as required under the Power Purchase Agreement, or to offset the finally determined Power Reimbursement
of the corresponding batch of Colocation Servers for the first Billing Period and the subsequent Billing Periods (if there is any Balance)
in accordance with Article 3.7. If there is any unused Prepayment at the expiration or termination
of this Agreement, Host shall unconditionally return such unused Prepayment in full to Client within seven (7) Business Days from the
termination or expiration of this Agreement, or once Host has received a payment, set-off, credit or other value from its power supplier
(whichever is later), regardless of whether any disputes have occurred during the Term of this Agreement unless outstanding invoices for
Power Reimbursement are unsettled.

3.9. Mining Pool, Invoice, Payment and Settlement Mechanism.

(a) Mining Pool. Client will agree to use a designated Mining Pool within Foundry and assign Host and
Client to a Subaccount, with the Client being the Primary Admin and Owner and Host user(s) assigned to the Subaccount also as Owner. Client
will provide Host with Owner access to the Subaccount(s) to enable Host to monitor performance of the Colocation Servers, Profit Share
percentages, and set up auto-withdrawals of BTC Revenue as agreed upon in the Service Order. Client will be the Primary Admin on the Account,
but Client and Host will both be assigned Owner roles to the Subaccount and abide by the Service Order or any subsequent amendments to
the Service Order.

12 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

(b) Invoice. Host shall issue the invoice of Cost of Revenue, Operations Service Fee, Power Prepayment,
credit for Curtailment Program Revenue and any other fees or adjustments for the previous Billing Period to Client within five (5) Business
Days from the end of such Billing Period, with (i) the Reconciliation Statement for such Billing Period; and (ii) the supporting documents
for the Power Consumption for the Billing Period (including, but not limited to, photos of the Power Consumption Meter showing the Power
Consumption at the end of such Billing Period, and the rate of power for the period. During the Index Rate Periods a breakdown of hourly
power costs incurred will be provided as support by Host.

(c) Revision Against Objection and Payment. Client shall be entitled to raise to Host any objection
to an invoice (including its attachments) issued by Host in accordance with this Article by written notice to Host within seven (7) days
upon receipt of such invoice. Host shall provide Client with reasonable information and assistance to Client for Client to understand
how the invoice amounts were calculated. If the Client continues to object to any part of the invoice after 14 days, then senior executives
from each party shall meet and negotiate in good faith to resolve the issue. If after 14 days the senior executives are unable to resolve
the issue, then such an objection shall be treated as a dispute under article 18.5. Any undisputed amounts, or pass through costs (including
without limitation, Power Reimbursement), must be paid in full despite any objection or disputes. Client cannot object to an invoice more
than seven (7) days after receipt of the relevant invoice.

(d) Settlement Mechanism. Invoices are due ten (10) days from the date of issue. Host shall apply any
remaining Prepayments already paid to Services Provider to each invoice and shall in each invoice charge Prepayments for the following
two Billing Periods (if applicable), as well as charging the Power Reimbursement and any other Fees. If the invoice shows an amount owing
to Client (i.e. a credit), Host may, before remitting any credit to Client, first deduct from the credit any amounts currently due and
payable to Host (including unpaid invoices). If there is a credit outstanding to Client after these deductions are made, then Host will
remit a credit to Client within fifteen (15) days of the date of issue of the invoice.

(e) Payment terms. All sums due and payable by Client which are not timely paid in accordance with
Paragraph 3, shall be subject to interest at 1.5% per month or the maximum amount permitted by law (whichever is lower), computed from
the original due date until paid. In the event that an attorney be employed or expenses be incurred to compel payment for any sums due
the Host under this Agreement or to enforce any rights or remedies of Host in accordance therewith, Client shall pay all such attorneys
fees, costs, and expenses incurred by Host including, without limitation, attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in appellate
proceedings or in any action or participation in, or in connection with, any case or proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code
or any successor thereto.

13 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

3.10. Confirmation of Colocation Servers Security. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Host shall issue a
Confirmation of Colocation Servers Security (in the form as attached in APPENDIX III hereto) of providing Colocation Servers
latest information and the current business operation of Host within not more than five (5) Business Days before the due date of each
of Clients payments hereunder, otherwise Client is entitled to postpone any payments until such confirmation is provided.

3.11. Payment Method of Operations Service Fee. All payment of Operations Service Fees pursuant to this
Agreement, including any remittance or refund of Operations Service Fees, shall be made in accordance with paragraph 3.1 of the applicable
Service Order.

3.12. Suspension. Host may suspend the provision of Services under this Agreement if any amount due and
payable under this Agreement has not been paid when due and payable; provided that, prior to any such suspension Host will provide Client
with written notice of suspension and an opportunity to cure at least five days prior to any such suspension. Host must within three (3)
Business Days reinstate the Services once all outstanding fees have been paid in cleared funds. If a suspension lasts longer than 30 days,
the Host may terminate this Agreement.

3.13. Increased Cost. If there are any increases, changes in, or introduction or changes to the administration
of, any fees taxes, levies, tariffs, utility cost increase, governmental fees or charges with respect to the provision of Services or
the operation of the Data Center Facility, Host shall have the right to pass through any such amounts to Client proportionally based on
the Clients Profit Share percentage where applicable.

3.14. Set-off. Each Party may set-off and deduct any amounts payable under this Agreement to the other
Party against any amounts owing by the other Party to the first Party pursuant to this Agreement, including any credits owed by one Party
to the other.

3.15. . 

14 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

4.1. Each of the Parties hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the other Party:

(a) It has the full power and authority to own its assets and carry on its businesses.

(b) The obligations expressed to be assumed by it under this Agreement are legal, valid, binding and enforceable
obligations.

(c) It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorize its
entry into, performance and delivery of, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement do not and
will not conflict with: (i) any Applicable Law; (ii) its constitutional documents; or (iii) any agreement or instrument binding upon it
or any of its assets.

(e) All authorizations required or desirable: (i) to enable it to lawfully enter into, exercise its rights
under and comply with its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable;
and (iii) to make this Agreement admissible in evidence in its jurisdiction of organization, have been, or will have been by the time,
obtained or effected and are, or will by the appropriate time be, in full force and effect.

(f) It is not aware of any circumstances which are likely to lead to: (i) any authorization obtained or effected
not remaining in full force and effect; (ii) any authorization not being obtained, renewed or effected when required or desirable; or
(iii) any authorization being subject to a condition or requirement which it does not reasonably expect to satisfy or the compliance with
which has or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect.

15 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

4.2. Host hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Client:

(a) The Services shall meet the specifications as stipulated herein, including but not limited to provisions
of Article 6.

(b) Host represents and warrants that the entry into and performance by it off, and the transactions contemplated
by, this Agreement does not conflict with the lease agreement between itself and the relevant landlord in connection with the Data Center
Facility. The Host further represents and warrants that this Agreement is permitted under the use of the related premises. Client shall
not in any event be liable for any obligations to the landlord of the Data Center Facility (the Landlord), including
but not limited to rental or any other fees payable by the Host to the Landlord.

(c) Other than as expressly stated otherwise in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement transfers any rights,
title and interest in the Colocation Servers shall remain absolutely with Client or the owner of the Colocation Servers, and the Colocation
Servers shall be identifiable and separate from the Hosts own assets. Client must affix unique identifiers to all assets prior
to delivery. For the avoidance of doubt, any claim over the Host in an event of default relating to the Host shall exclude the Colocation
Servers.

4.3. Client hereby makes the following representations and warranties to Host:

(a) Client must use the Colocation Servers at the Data Center Facility solely for cryptocurrency mining operations.

(b) Client must secure and comply with all licenses as are required to operate any software and firmware installed
by or accessed on the Colocation Servers.

5. VOLUNTARY POWER-OFF AND LOW POWER MODE

5.1. Client shall be entitled to voluntarily instruct Host to power off any or all of the Colocation Servers
in Clients sole discretion or to instruct the Host to have the Colocation Servers operate in Low Power Mode to reduce the Colocation
Servers power consumption. In order for the Host to execute this, Client will provide a minimum of 48 hours notice of a
planned material change in power load.

5.2. Any Power-off Server may remain on rack at the Data Center Facility for a period of fourteen (14) calendar
days (exclusive of the first day on which such Power-off Server is powered off, the Voluntary Power-off Period),
during which period Client shall be entitled to re-power on such Colocation Server in its sole discretion with 2 hours notice to
Host. At the expiration of the Voluntary Power-off Period, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to mitigate losses to the utmost
extent. If the Voluntary Power-off Period exceeds 30 consecutive days, Host may terminate this Agreement.

16 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

5.3. Clients right to operate in Low Power Mode is subject to the limits set out in the Service Order.

5.4. When Client voluntarily powers-off, and Host receives payments from its CSP for participating in the Curtailment
Programs:

a) If provided for in an applicable Service Order, Client may receive a specific percentage of the revenue
Host receives from the CSP net of all fees, commissions, and other charges for the reduction of power utilized by the Colocation Servers
and the MDC Infrastructure at the time of curtailment (Client Curtailment Revenue).

b) Client acknowledges and agrees that the Host is required to curtail for up to 250 hours annually for the
purpose of transmission and distribution charge cost avoidance, occurring at varying amounts per month as determined by the CSP, and Client
acknowledges and agrees that neither Host nor Client will receive revenue for such curtailment periods.

c) Revenue earned from the CSP from Client electing to curtail will be applied as a credit to the monthly
invoice in the month that Host receives the Curtailment Program Revenue, commonly this occurs 60 days from the curtailment event. Curtailment
Program Revenue will be split via Profit Share percentages between the Host and Client as agreed upon in the Service Order.

d) If Client Curtailment Program Revenue exceeds the total amount of the invoice for any individual month,
then that excess will be split according to the Profit Share percentages between the Parties, and Clients share of that excess
amount shall be carried over as a credit to subsequent month(s).

5.5. Host need not comply with any voluntary power-off or curtailment instructions (including low power mode)
where (i) Host is specifically prohibited from doing so under all Applicable Laws, including the customer baseline load requirements as
set out in section 3.3A.2 of the PJM Manual; (ii) such instruction(s) is ambiguous, inconsistent, contradictory, impossible, or impractical
to follow, (iii) such instruction would create material risks to safety of persons at, or physical preservation of, the Data Center Facility
or other assets such as transformers, switchgear, fuses, or breakers, or other assets or property at the Data Center Facility, or (iv)
such instruction would impose a material extra cost on Host. In such cases, Host shall provide written notice to Client specifying the
reason(s) it has not complied with such instruction and the parties shall promptly and in good faith negotiate amendment(s) to the instruction.
Once agreed, Host will promptly implement the instruction(s).

5.6. Client shall not, as part of providing Host an instruction under this Article 5, provide a strike price
equal to or less than the Minimum Strike Price, unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing.

17 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

6. OPERATION ENVIRONMENT OF DATA CENTER FACILITY

6.1. Conditions of the Data Center Facility. No later than the Initial Date and at all times up to and
until the termination of this Agreement, Host shall provide Client with sufficient server rooms or containers, server positions, racks,
power load and facilities, broadband network and network facilities, heat dissipation facilities, sand, rain and snow-proofing facilities,
security monitoring and other equipment reasonably required for the normal operation of the Colocation Servers of the reasonable commercial
standard, satisfying at least the following requirements:

(a) The power load provided by Host shall satisfy the requirements of this Agreement, the Service Orders and
standard operational conditions. In the event that the power load is insufficient for any reason (including but not limited to damage
to power supply equipment, insufficient supply from the power supplier, or policy changes at the location of the Data Center Facility)
for a period of 14 days or more, Client may provide written notice to Host to remedy the issue. If Host fails to remedy the issue within
14 days, Client shall be entitled to proportionately reduce the Colocation Quantity of the Colocation Servers at its sole discretion,
and Host shall (i) reasonably cooperate with Client to move the de-racked Colocation Servers due to insufficient power load designated
by Client out of the server room. If Client reduces the Colocation Quantity under this Article, Client may only then increase the Colocation
Quantity with the written consent of Host; and

(b) There shall be sufficient forklifts, lift trucks and other related machinery and equipment to provide
timely racking and de-racking services for the Colocation Servers.

(c) THE ABOVE NOT WITHSTANDING, HOST MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES RELATED TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
SERVICES OR THE OPERATING TEMPERATURE OF THE DATA CENTER FACILITY. THE SERVICES AND THE DATA CENTER FACILITY PROVIDED BY HOST ARE PROVIDED
AS IS. HOST DOES NOT PROVIDE MECHANICAL COOLING OR BACKUP POWER AND THE DATA CENTER FACILITY IS SUBJECT TO SWINGS IN LOCAL
WEATHER, FLOODING, CLIMATE, TEMPERATURE, WIND, HUMIDITY, ETC. INTERNET ACCESS IS NOT REDUNDANT OR PROTECTED AND IS NOT GUARANTEED AT ALL
TIMES.

6.2. Hazardous Conditions. If, in the reasonable discretion of Host, its employees, or its agents, any
hazardous conditions arise on, from, or affecting the Data Center Facility, Host is hereby authorized to suspend service under this Agreement
for the affected site without subjecting Host to any liability. In the event of an emergency, Host may rearrange, remove, or relocate
Colocation Servers, Client Equipment, and Host Equipment without any liability to Host. For the avoidance of doubt, Host shall not be
liable or responsible for any obligations under this Agreement during such period of suspended service.

18 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

6.3. Intermittent Outages. Client acknowledges that Host may curtail the Colocation Servers, Client
Equipment, and Host Equipment upon the occurrence and continuation of a Force Majeure event, during outages for maintenance purposes,
in the event Host identifies a hazardous condition, or if Host determines that it is in the best interest of, and more economical for,
all Parties to the Agreement to sell power to the grid. Host agrees to provide written notice to Client of any of the foregoing events,
as specified in this Agreement.

6.4. Outage Notifications. Host shall provide written notice of any suspension of Service to Client
within a reasonable time, but shall endeavor to provide such notice within 24 hours of such suspension.

6.5. Exclusive Server Room. Host shall provide exclusive containers or server room(s) for the operation
of the Colocation Servers, which shall be physically separated from containers or server rooms at the Data Center Facility for use by
other customers of Host. No server and/or other hardware equipment other than the Colocation Servers may be allowed in such exclusive
containers or server room(s) unless with prior written approval of Client. Host shall take necessary measures satisfactory to Client to
separate the Colocation Servers from other servers and/or hardware equipment, including but not limited to labeling the Colocation Servers.
Besides, Host shall provide room, network and power supply for the Monitoring Software, separate from the Colocation Servers.

6.6. Standard Colocation Environment. Host shall maintain the standard Colocation environment for the
Colocation Servers in accordance with the conditions set forth in the applicable Service Order and the Information Memorandum.

6.7. Safety and Security. Server Provider shall take standard industry efforts to ensure safety and
security of the Data Center Facility and the Colocation Servers against any safety accidents such as damage, loss or fire outbreak, etc.
or any faults caused by dust ingress, water ingress or snow ingress, etc., including maintaining Host Equipment to a reasonable standard.

6.8. Compliance with Applicable Law. Host shall ensure that the operation of the Data Center Facility,
the individuals of Host and provision of Services is at all times in compliance with Applicable Laws and that any and all applicable approvals,
certificates, orders, authorizations, permits, qualifications and consents required for the operation of the Data Center Facility and
provision of Services have been obtained no later than the Initial Date and are not revoked, cancelled or expired (unless properly renewed
on or prior to such expiration) up to and until the termination of this Agreement. The Parties recognize that it is Hosts sole
and exclusive responsibility to maintain a safe and healthy work environment at the Data Center Facility that is free from recognized
hazards and fully complies with the Applicable Laws, including without limitation, the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA,
if applicable), as well as any similar state or local laws. Accordingly, Host promises and hereby covenants to maintain a safe and healthy
work environment at the work places including but not limited to the Data Center Facility and the necessary onsite production facilities
including office rooms, maintenance rooms, canteen, and toilets, that is free from recognized hazards and fully compliant with OSHA (if
applicable), and any similar state or local laws, to ensure the safety of Client Personal (as defined below) during their work. Besides,
Host shall organize necessary safety training and safety drills for Client Personal at least as regularly as its own personnel.

19 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

6.9. Access by Client Personnel. Client may appoint one individual (Client Personnel)
that are pre-approved and registered with the Host to carry out inspections of the Colocation Servers onsite at the Data Center Facility
during regular business hours. Host may revoke its approval for any Client Personnel who fails to comply with the Hosts reasonable
directions, policies or procedures, has violated Applicable Laws, or unreasonably interferes with Hosts business or operations
at the Data Center Facility, or works in an unsafe manner.

6.10. Responsibility for Client Personnel. Client Personnel will remain the sole responsibility of Client
and will not be deemed to be employees or contractors of Host. Client shall remain responsible for any acts or omissions of Client Personnel
while they are at the Data Center Facility. Client will be responsible to ensure that all required employment benefits are provided to
employees, including but not limited to, retirement plans, health insurance, vacation time-off, sick pay, personal leave, pay, and that
all necessary insurances are maintained.

6.11. Covenant Against Liens. Client has no authority or power to cause or permit any lien or encumbrance
of any kind whatsoever, whether created by act of Client, operation of law or otherwise, to attach to or be placed upon Host Equipment,
the Data Center Facility and/or any other real property owned or controlled by Host (collectively the Hosts Property),
and any and all liens and encumbrances created by Client shall attach to Clients interests only. Host shall have the right at all
times to post and keep posted on the Hosts Property any notice which it deems necessary for protection from such liens. Client
shall not cause or permit any lien of mechanics or materialmen or others to be placed against the Hosts Property and/or the Facility
with respect to work or Services claimed to have been performed for or materials claimed to have been furnished to Client or the Hosts
Property, provided, however, in case of any such lien attaching or notice of any lien, Client shall cause it to be immediately released
and removed of record (by payment, statutory bond or other lawful means). If any such lien is not released and removed (by payment, statutory
bond or other lawful means) within ten (10) days after written notice of such lien is delivered to Client, then Host may, at its option,
take all reasonable actions necessary to release and remove such lien, without any duty to investigate the validity thereof, and all sums,
costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs, incurred by Host in connection with such lien shall be immediately
be due and payable by Client.

6.12. Host Directions. Client must ensure that and will instruct Client Personnel to follow any reasonable
directions of Host, including but not limited to, all of Hosts safety, workplace, policies, and laws. Client must ensure that and
will instruct Client Personnel to not access, use or interfere with the Data Center Facility, Host Equipment or Hosts Property
unless directed to by Host.

20 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

6.13. Online Status Ratio.

Unless otherwise specified in an applicable
Service Order:

6.14. Installation and Accuracy of Power Consumption Meter. Host shall install Power Consumption Meter(s)
at the Data Center Facility to monitor the electrical power consumed in the operation of the Colocation Servers and MDC Infrastructure,
and shall cooperate with Client to check and calibrate the accuracy of the Power Consumption Meter(s) regularly or occasionally, but no
more than once during any 12 month period, in accordance with Clients request and instructions, to ensure the constant accuracy
of the Power Consumption Meter(s). Power Consumption Meter shall be located as set out in the Information Memorandum.

6.15. Inventory Audit. Client shall be entitled to conduct inventory audits of the Colocation Servers
at its own cost, and Host shall provide assistance and convenience accordingly, however Host is not required to incur any costs and may
seek reimbursement from Client for any costs incurred during such an inventory audit. If the result of the inventory audit does not match
the information as stipulated in the applicable Service Order, Host shall reasonably assist Client to discover the reasons. Client shall
take all reasonable steps to ensure that an inventory audit does not adversely affect the Hosts business or operations.

21 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

6.16. Maintenance. If provided for in an applicable Service Order, Host may provide routine technical
support services, such as diagnosis, maintenance and repair of the Colocation Servers (such as replacement of fans and power cord replacement),
subject to the Parties agreeing the relevant fees and charges. Client shall be responsible for their portion of the costs of replacement
parts to be installed in or used with the Colocation Servers in connection with any routine maintenance or repairs required to service
the Colocation Servers. Whether or not itemized in an applicable invoice, Client will be responsible for their portion of the sales, use,
and other Taxes which may be imposed by a relevant taxing authority

7. INSURANCE

7.1. In the event of any damage or loss of the Colocation Servers and upon request of Client, Host shall provide
Client and/or the owner of the Colocation Servers (as applicable) with documents and information in support of the insurance claim made
to the insurance company, as requested by Client. Client shall reimburse Hosts reasonable costs and expenses actually expended
on third parties for the preparation or delivery of such documents and information, if such costs and expenses are material, and Host
shall notify Client of those costs and expenses prior to incurring them.

7.2. Client shall obtain and maintain all relevant insurance policy or coverage that a prudent owner of the
Colocation Servers would obtain. Host is not required to maintain an insurance policy or coverage for the Colocation Servers or the Inventory
Assets.

8. TITLE AND OWNERSHIP

8.1. Ownership of Colocation Servers. Host acknowledges and agrees that the Colocation Servers and Inventory
Assets are assets of Client or any third party designated by Client (as applicable) (collectively, the Owner of Colocation Servers)
and the Owner of Colocation Servers shall solely have the proprietary interest in the Colocation Servers unless such interest is transferred
to Host under Section 12.4(b)(ii). The Owner of the Colocation Servers shall not be affected by any factors, including but not limited
to Hosts operating conditions, financial conditions or any disputes or lawsuits against its shareholders or any third parties.
In no event shall Hosts creditors, shareholders or other third parties be entitled to file disputes regarding the ownership of
the Owner of Colocation Servers. Without prejudice to the foregoing, in the event that any such dispute occurs, Host shall provide the
Owner of Colocation Servers with all reasonable assistance in proving the Owner of Colocation Servers proprietary interest in the
Colocation Servers.

22 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

8.2. Ownership Host Equipment. Client acknowledges and agrees that all Host Equipment are assets of
Host or any third party designated by Host (as applicable) and Host or such third parties shall solely have the proprietary interest in
the Host Equipment.

9. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

9.1. Each Party (the Indemnifier) shall indemnify, defend and hold the other Party (the Indemnitee)
along with the Indemnitees Affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, from and against any third-party action, claim,
suit, proceeding, demand, investigation, or charge alleging any costs, losses, liabilities, damages, fines, judgments, fees, or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs) to the extent directly caused by:

i. any failure by Indemnifier to comply with Applicable Law in connection with this Agreement;

ii. any liability or damage incurred by reason of any negligent act or omission of such Party or its officers,
directors, agents, and employees.

9.2. Subject to other provisions of this Article 9, each Indemnifier hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and
hold harmless the Indemnitee and its respective Affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees from and against any and all losses,
liabilities, damages, liens, claims, obligations, judgments, penalties, deficiencies, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys
fees and court costs) (Loss) to the extent resulting from or arising out of any negligence or breach or omission of performance
by Indemnifier of any of the representations, covenants or other terms in this Agreement.

9.3. Any Party claiming to be an Indemnitee shall promptly notify the Indemnifier in writing of the potential
Loss, and the breach, act or omission which lead to the Loss, and shall use reasonable efforts, including cooperating with the Indemnifier,
to mitigate the Loss. The Indemnifier shall not be liable for Losses to the extent they can be attributed to the acts or omissions of
the Party claiming to be the Indemnitee.

In addition, and subject to other provisions
of this Article 9, if any Colocation Server is damaged or lost due to reasons solely attributable to Host, Host hereby agrees to indemnify,
defend and hold harmless Client and its respective Affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees from and against any damage or
loss of a Colocation Server, based on the fair market value of such Colocation Server.

9.4. OTHER THAN THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, HOST DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT IN TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.

23 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

9.5. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS
OF USE, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, WHETHER BY STATUTE, IN TORT OR CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. HOST WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO CLIENT FOR ANY LOSSES INCURRED BY CLIENT TO THE EXTENT CAUSED
BY THE USE OF CLIENTS PREFERRED MONITORING SOFTWARE.

9.6. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HOSTS LIABILITY (WHETHER BY
STATUTE, IN TORT OR CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE) TO THE CLIENT, OTHER THAN THE LIABILITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF DELAYED COMPENSATION OR FEES, EXCEED
THE FEES PAID TO HOST DURING THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT THAT RESULTED IN THE LIABILITY (NOT INCLUDING ANY REIMBURSEMENTS
FOR POWER).

9.7. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIM THAT THESE EXCLUSIONS DEPRIVE THEM OF AN ADEQUATE REMEDY OR CAUSE THIS
AGREEMENT TO FAIL ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

10. FORCE MAJEURE

10.1. A Party shall not be considered to be in default or breach of this Agreement and shall be excused from
performance or liability for Loss to the other Party, except for the payment, insurance, and indemnity obligations of Client to Host,
if and to the extent that the performance of any obligation of such Party under this Agreement (other than an obligation to make payment)
is prevented, frustrated, hindered or delayed as a consequence of an event of Force Majeure, provided that:

(a) such Party claiming to benefit under this Article 10.1 (the Affected Party) shall promptly
and in any event no later than 3 days from the occurrence of such event of Force Majeure, give the other Party (the Non-Affected
Party) a written notice (which may be via email) setting out details of such event of Force Majeure; and

(b) the Affected Party shall take all commercially reasonable measures to mitigate the impact of such event
of Force Majeure and shall resume normal performance of this Agreement promptly after the removal of such event of Force Majeure, unless
it is impracticable or unnecessary to resume the performance of this Agreement.

10.2. If the normal performance of this Agreement cannot be resumed within thirty (30) calendar days from the
occurrence of such event of Force Majeure, either Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect without any
liability for breach of contract.

24 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

11. DEFAULT 

11.1. The following events shall be Events of Default:

11.1.1. Failure to timely deliver Client Equipment to Host Facilities as indicated on the relevant Service Order;

11.1.2. Failure by Client to pay any undisputed amount due hereunder when due; 

11.1.3. Failure of Client or Host, as applicable, to perform any other material obligation pursuant to this Agreement
and such failure continues uncured for thirty (30) Days after receipt by the defaulting Party of written notice of such failure; provided,
that so long as a defaulting Party has initiated and is diligently attempting to effect a cure (provided such obligation is curable),
the defaulting Partys cure period shall extend for an additional thirty (30) days; 

11.1.4. Any representation or warranty made by Host or the Client, as applicable, under this Agreement shall have
been false or inaccurate in any material respect when made or becomes false or inaccurate in any material respect, and such falsity or
inaccuracy continues uncured for thirty (30) Days after receipt by the defaulting Party of written notice of such falsity or inaccuracy;
provided that so long as a defaulting Party has initiated and is diligently attempting to effect a cure (provided such representation
or warranty is curable), the defaulting Partys cure period shall extend for an additional thirty (30) days. 

11.2. If Client has failed to pay any amounts due and payable to Host, then Host may reconfigure, point and/or
redirect some or all of the Client Equipment and use Client Equipment to generate cash and shall apply the proceeds (including mining
revenue, less all costs (including power, adders and tariffs), taxes and fees, and any losses incurred during exchange and exchange fees)
to the amounts owed to Host until such time as the outstanding debt of Client is paid in full. If Host reconfigures, points and/or redirects
some or all of Client Equipment, Host will report to Client on a weekly basis the proceeds it gains. 

11.3. In the case of an Event of Default which is not timely cured as set forth in this Agreement, the non-defaulting
Party may terminate this Agreement without prejudice to any claim to damages. 

25 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

12. TERM AND TERMINATION

12.1. Term. This Agreement shall have a term effective from the Effective Date hereof and expiring on
the third (3rd) anniversary of the Initial Date (the Initial Term and together with the Holdover Period the Term).
Client may request to extend the Term beyond the Initial Term by providing Host with 75 days notice prior to the end of the Initial
Term (Holdover Period). Host may elect to approve or reject the request to extend the Term to the Holdover Period
for any reason and must provide their approval or rejection of such a request within 15 days. The Holdover Period, if approved by Host,
will be one month with automatic monthly renewals. Client or Host may terminate the Holdover Period with no less than 60 days notice
to the other Party. The terms herein applicable to the Initial Term will apply to the Holdover Period.

12.2. Host reserves the right to change the Operations Service Fees upon renewal. Host will notify Client of
the proposed new Operations Service Fees no later than 75 days before the end of the Initial Period or relevant Holdover Period.

12.3. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to the expiration of the Term:

(a) Upon mutual agreement in writing of the Parties;

(b) Host may terminate this Agreement immediately and without further notice if Client fails to pay any sum
invoiced by Host when such payment is due and such failure remains uncured for a period of ten (10) calendar days;

(c) 

(1) 

(2) 

(d) Upon a Party giving a written notice to the other Party to terminate pursuant to the Force Majeure provisions
of Article 10.2;

(e) Upon either Party giving written notice to the other Party (defaulting Party) of a material Event of Default
as set forth in Article 11, Event of Default continues uncured for thirty (30) calendar days after receipt by the defaulting Party of
written notice of such failure; provided, that so long as a defaulting Party has initiated and is diligently attempting to effect a cure
(provided such obligation is curable), the defaulting Partys cure period shall extend for an additional thirty (30) calendar days(in
the aggregate the Remediation Period); however, if such Event of Default cannot be cured or is not cured during the Remediation
Period, the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement;

(f) Should a Party undergo a change of Control, either Party has the right to terminate this Agreement by
giving the other Party 30-days written notice of termination.

26 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

12.4. Effects of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement:

(a) Host. Provided Client is not in Default of any of its obligations under this Agreement, Host shall:

(i) pay any and all amounts owing to Client including any Delayed Compensation
under Article 3 or Monthly Theoretical Fee under Article 12;

(ii) subject to Articles 6.6 and 6.7, provide access to Client Personnel to the Data Center Facility and any
reasonable assistance required by such Client Personnel to remove the Colocation Servers and Inventory Assets;

(iii) if due to the Host decision to terminate, pay miner shipping and taxes to a domestic location designated
by the Client

(iv) issue final invoices; and

(v) return all Confidential Information of Client to Client and delete all electronic copies thereof from
its systems.

(b) Client. Client shall:

(i) pay all finally determined invoice amounts outstanding;

(ii) promptly remove all the Colocation Servers and Inventory Assets from the Data Center Facilities at its
own risk and cost unless it is a result of the Hosts fault or default. Upon de-racking and packaging, Host may charge storage costs
for any Colocation Servers which have not been removed by Client within 10 Business Days of Host giving Client written notice that Host
has commenced the de-racking of the Colocation Servers. Any Colocation Servers or Inventory Assets not removed within thirty (30) days
of the termination date of a relevant service order or this Agreement will be deemed abandoned (Abandoned Assets),
and title to the Abandoned Assets will then automatically transfer to Host. If Host elects to dispose of Abandoned Assets, it may do so
at Clients cost, and Client shall pay the cost upon receipt of a relevant invoice from Host; and

(iii) return all Confidential Information of Host to Host and delete all electronic copies thereof from its
systems.

27 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

12.5. Survival.

(a) Neither the expiration nor the termination of this Agreement will release either of the Parties from any
obligation or liability that accrued prior to such expiration or termination.

(b) The provisions of this Agreement requiring performance or fulfillment after
the expiration or termination of this Agreement will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement including, but not limited
to, Article 8 through Article 18 and such other provisions as are necessary for the interpretation
therefor and any other provisions hereof, the nature and intent of which is to survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

13. CONFIDENTIALITY

13.1. From the Effective Date of this Agreement and for two (2) years following the expiration of the Term or
the earlier termination pursuant to Article 12, each Party hereby agrees that it will, and will cause its Affiliates and its and their
respective directors, officers, employees, professional advisors, agents and other Persons acting on their behalf (including the Client
Personnel) (collectively, Representatives) to hold, in strict confidence the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
all exhibits and schedules attached hereto and the Service Order(s), including their existence, and all non-public records, books, contracts,
instruments, computer data and other data and information, whether in written, verbal, graphic, electronic or any other form, provided
by any other Party and its Representatives (except to the extent that such information has been (a) already in such Partys possession
prior to the disclosure or obtained by such Party from a source other than any other Party or its Representatives, provided that, to such
Partys knowledge, such source is not prohibited from disclosing such information to such Party or its Representatives by a contractual,
legal or fiduciary obligation to any other Party or its Representatives, (b) in the public domain through no breach of the confidentiality
obligations under this Agreement by such Party, or (c) independently developed by such Party or on its behalf without reference to any
such non-public information) (the Confidential Information).

13.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party may disclose the Confidential Information (i) to its Affiliates
and its and their respective Representatives so long as such persons are subject to appropriate nondisclosure obligations, (ii) as required
by Applicable Law or requests or requirements from any controlling governmental authority or other applicable judicial or governmental
order, or (iii) in connection with any enforcement of, or dispute with respect to or arising out of, this Agreement, or (iv) with the
prior written consent of the other Party.

13.3. The content of this Agreement and any information disclosed hereunder by the other Party in the course
of negotiating or performing this Agreement is Confidential Information under this Agreement and shall only be used in accordance with
this Agreement.

28 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

14. Securities Law Compliance. 

14.1. Each Party hereby acknowledges that it understands that: (a) Confidential Information exchanged by the
Parties and their respective Affiliates to this Agreement may contain or constitute material non-public information concerning the other
Party and its Affiliates; and (b) trading in Mawsons securities while in possession of material nonpublic information or communicating
that information to any other person who trades in such securities could subject that Party to liability under the U.S. federal and state
securities laws, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated
thereunder. Each Party agrees that it and its Affiliates will not trade in Mawsons securities while in possession of material nonpublic
information or at all until such Party and such Affiliates can do so in compliance with all applicable laws and without breach of this
Agreement.

15. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF

15.1. The Parties acknowledge that a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement shall cause serious and irreparable
harm to the non-breaching Party for which monetary damages alone would not be a sufficient remedy. Accordingly, the Parties agree that
in the event of a breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance
in addition to any other remedy available to such Party in equity or at law without the necessity of obtaining any form of bond or undertaking
whatsoever, and the breaching Party hereby waives any claim or defense that damages may be adequate or ascertainable or otherwise preclude
injunctive relief.

16. NOTICES

16.1. All notices, requirements, requests, claims, and other communications in relation to this Agreement shall
be in writing, and shall be given or made by delivery in person, by an internationally recognized overnight courier service, by registered
or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or electronic mail to the respective Parties at the addresses specified
below or at such other address for a Party as may be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Article. Any such notice or other
communication shall be deemed to have been given and received on the day on which it was delivered or transmitted (or, if such day is
not a Business Day, on the next following Business Day).

29 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

16.2. The following are the initial contact information of each Party:

If to Host:

Address: 950 Railroad Ave, Midland, PA 15059

Attn: 

Email: _____________________________________________,

copies to: notices@mawsoninc.com,

and to: legal@mawsoninc.com

If to Client: 

Address: 

Attn: 

Email: 

The Parties may rely on this contact
information for all notices. However, a Party may change its contact information by submitting any changes in writing to the other Party,
but such contact information shall remain valid unless and until such changes are made and received by the other Party.

17. ANTI-COMMERCIAL BRIBERY, ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING

17.1. Client shall not, and shall procure its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents and other
representatives (collectively with Client, the Client Associates) not to, directly or indirectly engage in any activity
of commercial bribery, i.e. providing any unjustified interests in any form including but not limited to cash, cheque, credit card gifts,
negotiable securities (including bonds and stocks), physical objects (including all kinds of high-end household goods, luxury consumer
goods, handicrafts and collections, as well as housing, vehicles and other commodities), entertainment coupon, membership card, currency
or rebate in the form of goods, kickback, non-property interests such as schooling, honor, special treatment, and employment for relatives
and friends, traveling, entertaining and personal service etc. in order to obtain any immediate or future business opportunity with Host
or otherwise, whether under this Agreement or any other business or governmental relationship.

17.2. If any of Client Associates commits any act or omission in contravention of Article 17, Host shall be
entitled to terminate this Agreement and any other existing business cooperation with Client and claim for damages against Client.

17.3. Promptly following any request therefor, Client shall provide information and documentation reasonably
requested by Host for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements and anti-money-laundering rules
and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001.

30 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

18. GENERAL

18.1. Entire Agreement and Amendment. This Agreement, together with all Services Orders, appendixes,
schedules, annexes and exhibits, constitute the full and entire understating and agreement between the Parties, and supersede all other
agreements between or among any of the Parties with respect to the subject matters hereof and thereof. This Agreement may only be amended
with the written consent of both Parties or otherwise as mutually agreed by both Parties.

18.2. Assignment.

(a) Host may freely assign or transfer any of its rights, benefits or obligations under this Agreement in
whole or in part to its Affiliates without Clients consent.

(b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

18.3. Non-Solicitation. Each Party agrees that from the date of this Agreement until the first (1st)
year anniversary of the expiration of the Term or the earlier termination pursuant to Article 12.3, unless mutually agreed by both Parties,
neither Party shall (1) directly or indirectly, solicit, recruit, encourage or induce employees or consultants of the other Party to (i)
terminate such persons employment or consulting relationship or (ii) become employed or engaged as an employee, officer, director,
member, manager, partner or any other type of the soliciting Party or any other third party; or (2) use any Confidential Information,
directly or indirectly, to solicit customers or suppliers of the other Party or otherwise divert or attempt to divert business away from
the other Party, nor will the employee encourage or assist others to do the same.

18.4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be solely governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.

18.5. Dispute Resolution. Without prejudice to any other remedies available to the Parties, in the event
that a Party disputes a matter arising in connection with this Agreement that Party shall notify the other Parties as soon as reasonably
practicable with details of the dispute and all of the Parties shall meet within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of such notice in order
to try and resolve the dispute in good faith. All disputes arising under this Agreement which cannot be resolved amicably by the parties
shall be submitted to arbitration in the Relevant Jurisdiction before a single arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association (AAA).
The arbitrator shall be selected by application of the rules of the AAA, or by mutual agreement of the parties. Nothing contained herein
shall prevent the Party from seeking or obtaining an injunction in a court of the Relevant Jurisdiction. The decision of the arbitrator
shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses in connection with the arbitration, and the parties shall equally share the
arbitrators fees and the administrative fees of the arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may seek preliminary injunctive
relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent immediate and irreparable harm, pending the resolution of the arbitration.
The prevailing Party shall be entitled to recovery of its legal fees and costs incurred. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY.

31 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

18.6. Severability. In case any provision of the Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. If, however,
any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under any Applicable Law in any jurisdiction, it shall, as
to such jurisdiction, be deemed modified to conform to the minimum requirements of such Applicable Law, or, if for any reason it is not
deemed so modified, it shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable only to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or limitation on enforceability
without affecting the remaining provisions of this Agreement, or the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other
jurisdiction.

18.7. Counterparts This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument but shall not
take effect until each Party has executed at least one counterpart. Facsimile, e-mailed copies of signatures,
and electronic signatures shall be deemed to be originals for purposes of the effectiveness of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have
executed this Agreement effective on the date first written above once all Parties have properly affixed their signatures hereto.

Signed for and on behalf of Host: Mawson Hosting LLC

Signature: S/ 

Name: 

Title:

Signed for and on behalf of Client: 

Signature:

Name:

Title:

32 | P a g e

Master Colocation Agreement

33 | P a g e
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023566301ex99-1_mawson.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED MARCH 26, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. Executes New Customer Agreement
with Canaan Inc., Growing and Expanding Digital Colocation Business with Latest-Gen ASICs

MIDLAND, PA., March 26, 2025 Mawson
Infrastructure Group Inc. (NASDAQ: MIGI) (Mawson or the Company), a publicly-traded technology company focused
on digital infrastructure platforms for artificial intelligence (AI), high-performance computing (HPC), and digital assets markets, today
announced that it has signed a significant new digital colocation customer agreement with Canaan Inc., a NASDAQ-listed publicly traded
company (NASDAQ: CAN), further growing and expanding its digital colocation business with latest-generation application-specific integrated
circuit machines (ASICs).

The new customer colocation agreement executed between Mawsons
President and CEO Rahul Mewawalla and Canaans Chairman and CEO Nangeng Zhang on March 21, 2025 is for Mawson to provide Canaan
with digital colocation services for about 17,453 latest-generation ASICs at Mawsons facilities. The initial agreement term is
for 3 years and the parties can extend upon mutual agreement. The contract also provides for future potential capacity expansion.

Rahul Mewawalla, Mawson CEO and President, stated, We recently
announced that we grew our digital colocation business revenue 136% year-on-year. We are now pleased to sign and welcome Canaan as our
newest enterprise-grade customer. I am delighted to announce this new long-term digital colocation customer agreement, further driving
growth of our digital colocation services business. This aligns well with our strategy of optimizing our digital infrastructure and compute
management capabilities working with latest-generation machines. By combining Mawsons digital infrastructure innovation and
Canaans latest hardware innovation, were creating a strategic relationship that we expect will benefit both companies and the overall
ecosystem.

Nangeng Zhang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Canaan, commented,
This agreement between Canaan and Mawson combines Mawsons digital infrastructure and operational excellence with Canaans
next-generation mining hardware to create an innovative, scalable foundation that provides the flexibility for additional opportunities.
Together, were building a partnership that we believe will drive value and create opportunities for sustainable growth for both companies.

The executed customer agreement, entered into by wholly owned subsidiaries
of Canaan Inc. and Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc., is for approximately 64 MW of compute capacity at Mawsons facilities. This
further strengthens Mawsons position as a leading industry provider of digital infrastructure and digital colocation services in
the attractive PJM market, one of North Americas largest competitive and deregulated wholesale energy markets.

Upon completion of this deployment, Mawson expects to operate and manage
approximately 5.51 exahash per second (EH/s) in combined total current operating hashrate across its facilities.

Mawson also has an additional site in Ohio under development which
is expected to add an initial 24 MW to the Companys currently operating 129 MW across its facilities, growing the Companys
total operating capacity to 153 MW upon completion, potentially further expanding the total hashrate.

About Mawson Infrastructure Inc.

Mawson Infrastructure Group (NASDAQ: MIGI) is a technology company
that offers digital infrastructure platforms for artificial intelligence (AI), high-performance computing (HPC) and digital assets. The
Companys digital infrastructure platforms can be used to operate computing resources for a number of applications, and are offered
across artificial intelligence (AI), high-performance computing (HPC), digital assets, and other computing applications. Our innovation,
technology, and operational expertise enables us to operate and optimize digital infrastructure to accelerate the digital economy. The
Company has a strategy to prioritize the usage of carbon-free energy sources, including nuclear energy, to power its digital infrastructure
platforms and computational machines.

Companys media interviews and videos are available at www.mawsoninc.com/video-interviews
. Articles and recent news related to the Company are available at www.mawsoninc.com/articles.

For more information, visit: https://www.mawsoninc.com

About Canaan Inc.

Canaan Inc. (NASDAQ: CAN) is a technology company established
in 2013 focusing on ASIC high-performance computing chip design, chip research and development, computing equipment production,
and software services. Canaan has extensive experience in chip design and streamlined production in the ASIC field. Canaan completed
its initial public offering on the Nasdaq Global Market in 2019.

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Mawson cautions that statements in this press release that are not
a description of historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words referencing future events or circumstances such as expect,
intend, plan, anticipate, believe, and will, among others. Because
such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon Mawsons current expectations and involve assumptions that may never
materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such
forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, the possibility of Mawsons
need and ability to raise additional capital, the development and acceptance of digital asset networks and digital assets and their protocols
and software, the reduction in incentives to mine digital assets over time, the costs associated with digital asset mining, the volatility
in the value and prices of digital assets and cryptocurrencies, further or new regulation of digital assets, cryptocurrencies and AI,
the evolution of AI and HPC market and changing technologies, the slower than expected growth in demand for AI, HPC and other accelerated
computing technologies than expected, the ability to timely implement and execute on AI and HPC digital infrastructure, and the ability
to timely complete the digital infrastructure build-out in order to achieve its revenue expectations for the periods mentioned. More detailed
information about the risks and uncertainties affecting Mawson is contained under the heading Risk Factors included in Mawsons
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, and Mawsons Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
May 15, 2024, August 19, 2024, November 14, 2024, and in other filings Mawson has made and may make with the SEC in the future. One should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. Because such statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Mawson undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which
they were made, except as may be required by law.

For more information, visit us at https://www.mawsoninc.com

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mawsoninc/

Twitter: Mawson (@Mawsoninc) / X (twitter.com)

Facebook: Mawson Inc | Pittsburgh PA | Facebook

YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/MawsonInc

Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/mawsoninc

Investor Contact:

Investor Relations Team

IR@mawsoninc.com

Partnerships Contact:

Partnerships Team

Partnerships@mawsoninc.com

Media and Press Contact:

Media Relations Team

mediarelations@mawsoninc.com

Share this press release

Twitter

LinkedIn
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>migi-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>migi-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>migi-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity File Number 001-40849

Entity Registrant Name Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001218683

Entity Tax Identification Number 88-0445167

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 950 Railroad Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town Midland

Entity Address, State or Province PA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 15059

City Area Code 412

Local Phone Number 515-0896

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol MIGI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://mawsoninc.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0235663-8k_mawson.htm 
migi-20250321.xsd 
migi-20250321_lab.xml 
migi-20250321_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001013762-25-002419-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0235663-8k_mawson_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001218683 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001218683 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. 
DE 
001-40849 
88-0445167 
950 Railroad Avenue 
Midland 
PA 
15059 
412 
515-0896 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
MIGI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>