<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-008409.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-008409.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117160522
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-008409
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADOBE INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000796343
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				770019522
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1129

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15175
		FILM NUMBER:		25538685

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110-2704
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085366000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110-2704

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADOBE SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940208
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d856773d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000079634300007963432025-01-142025-01-14

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 14, 2025

ADOBE INC.

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-15175 77-0019522

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

345 Park Avenue

San Jose, California95110-2704

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (408)536-6000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of Each Exchange

on Which Registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share ADBE NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On January 14, 2025, Adobe Inc. (Adobe) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., SG Americas Securities, LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters. The Underwriting Agreement provides for the issuance and sale by Adobe of (i) $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), (ii) $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.950% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and (iii) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.300% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes, and, collectively with the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the Notes). The Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by Adobe, and customary closing conditions, indemnification rights and termination provisions. 

The above description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

On January 17, 2025, Adobe completed the offering of the Notes. The Notes were issued and sold in a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 (the Registration Statement), which became automatically effective upon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2025 (File No. 333-284258), and a related final prospectus supplement dated January 14, 2025. The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025 (the Indenture), between Adobe and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, together with the officers certificate, dated January 17, 2025 (the Officers Certificate), pursuant to the Indenture establishing the terms of each series of Notes. 

The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes were approximately $1.99 billion after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses. Adobe intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of debt, stock repurchases, capital expenditures and acquisitions. 

Interest on the Notes will accrue from January 17, 2025, their date of issuance, at a rate of 4.750% per year for the 2028 Notes, 4.950% per year for the 2030 Notes and 5.300% per year for the 2035 Notes. Interest on the Notes will be payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on January 17 and July 17 of each year, beginning on July 17, 2025. 

The 2028 Notes will mature on January 17, 2028, the 2030 Notes will mature on January 17, 2030, and the 2035 Notes will mature on January 17, 2035. 

Prior to (i) with respect to the 2028 Notes, December 17, 2027 (one month prior to the maturity date of such notes) (the 2028 Par Call Date), (ii) with respect to the 2030 Notes, December 17, 2029 (one month prior to the maturity date of such notes) (the 2030 Par Call Date) and (iii) with respect to the 2035 Notes, October 17, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of such notes) (the 2035 Par Call Date and, collectively with the 2028 Par Call Date and the 2030 Par Call Date, each a Par Call Date), such series of notes may be redeemed at Adobes option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of the following amounts: (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes of such series to be redeemed and (2) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the notes of such series being redeemed discounted to the redemption date (assuming, in the case of the 2028 Notes, the 2030 Notes and the 2035 Notes, that such notes matured on December 17, 2027, December 17, 2029 and October 17, 2034, respectively) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Officers Certificate), plus 5 basis points in the case of the 2028 Notes, plus 10 basis points in the case of the 2030 Notes and plus 10 basis points in the case of the 2035 Notes, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date. 

In addition, on or after the applicable Par Call Date, such series of notes may be redeemed at Adobes option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being redeemed to, but not including, the date of redemption. 

The above description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture and the Officers Certificate, including the forms of the Notes, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 4.1 through 4.5 and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025, by and among Adobe Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., SG Americas Securities, LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters. 

4.1 Indenture, dated January 17, 2025, between Adobe Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee.

4.2 Officers Certificate of Adobe Inc. dated January 17, 2025. 

4.3 Form of Global Note representing the 2028 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.2). 

4.4 Form of Global Note representing the 2030 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.2). 

4.5 Form of Global Note representing the 2035 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.2). 

5.1 Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP. 

23.1 Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: January 17, 2025 

ADOBE INC.

By: 

/s/ Daniel Durn

Daniel Durn

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice

President, Finance, Technology, Security and

Operations
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d856773dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

Underwriting Agreement 

January 14, 2025 

J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC 

BofA Securities, Inc. 

SG Americas
Securities, LLC 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC 

As Representatives of the several Underwriters 

listed in Schedule 1 hereto 

c/o J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC 

383 Madison Avenue 

New York, New York 10179

c/o BofA Securities, Inc. 

One Bryant Park 

New York, New York 10036 

c/o SG Americas Securities, LLC 

245 Park Avenue 

New York, New York 10167 

c/o U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

214 N. Tryon Street, 26th
Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

and 

c/o Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

550 South Tryon Street, 5th
Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

Adobe Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several Underwriters
listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are acting as representatives (collectively, the Representatives), $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the
2028 Notes), $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.950% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.300% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes and,
together with the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the Securities), having the terms set forth in Schedule 3 hereto. The Securities will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 17, 2025, by and between the
Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 

1 

The Company agrees to issue and sell the Securities to the several Underwriters as provided
in this Underwriting Agreement (this Agreement), and each Underwriter, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not
jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective principal amount of Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule 1 hereto at a price equal to (i) 99.747% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes, (ii) 99.547% of the
principal amount of the 2030 Notes and (iii) 99.324% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes, in each case, plus accrued interest, if any, from January 17, 2025 to, but excluding, the Closing Date (as defined below). The Company will not be
obligated to deliver any of the Securities except upon payment for all the Securities to be purchased as provided herein. 

The Company
understands that the Underwriters intend to make a public offering of the Securities as soon after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the Representatives is advisable, and initially to offer the Securities on the terms set
forth in the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. Schedule 2 hereto sets forth the Time of Sale Information. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell Securities to or through any affiliate of an
Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Securities purchased by it to or through any Underwriter. 

Payment for and
delivery of the Securities shall be made at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 200N, Los Angeles, California 90067 at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on January 17, 2025, or at such
other time or place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the Representatives and the Company may agree upon in writing (such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called the
Closing Date). 

Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the
account(s) specified by the Company to the Representatives against delivery to the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing the Securities (collectively, the
Global Notes), with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Securities duly paid by the Company. The Global Notes will be made available for inspection by the Representatives not later than 1:00 P.M., New
York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date. 

The Company and the Underwriters acknowledge and agree that the only
information relating to any Underwriter that has been furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information consists of the following: the information and statements in the table between the first and second paragraphs, the concession and reallowance figures appearing in the fifth paragraph,
the third sentence of the eighth paragraph and the information relating to price stabilization and short positions under the caption UnderwritingPrice Stabilization and Short Positions, in each case under the caption
Underwriting in the Prospectus. 

All provisions contained in the document entitled Adobe Inc. Debt Securities Underwriting
Agreement Standard Provisions (Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions) are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety and shall be deemed to be a part of this Agreement to the same extent as if such provisions had been
set forth in full herein, except that if any term defined in such Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions is otherwise defined herein, the definition set forth herein shall control. 

2 

The words execution, signed, signature,
delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement or any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form,
each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct
the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means. 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate
your acceptance of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. 

[Signature pages follow] 

3 

Very truly yours,

ADOBE INC.

By: 

/s/ Daniel Durn

Name: Daniel Durn

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

For themselves and on behalf of the several

Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto.

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC

By: 

/s/ Stephen L. Sheiner

Name: Stephen L. Sheiner

Title: Executive Director

BOFA SECURITIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Sandeep Chawla

Name: Sandeep Chawla

Title: Managing Director

SG AMERICAS SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Michael Shapiro

Name: Michael Shapiro

Title: Head of Debt Capital Markets

U.S. BANCORP INVESTMENTS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Kyle Stegemeyer

Name: Kyle Stegemeyer

Title: Managing Director

WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC

By: 

/s/ Carolyn Hurley

Name: Carolyn Hurley

Title: Managing Director

Schedule 1 

Securities 

Underwriter Principal

Amount of

2028 Notes

to be

Purchased Principal

Amount of

2030 Notes

to be

Purchased Principal

Amount of

2035 Notes

to be

Purchased 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 144,000,000 $ 126,000,000 $ 90,000,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. 144,000,000 126,000,000 90,000,000 

SG Americas Securities, LLC 120,000,000 105,000,000 75,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 120,000,000 105,000,000 75,000,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 120,000,000 105,000,000 75,000,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 45,334,000 39,668,000 28,334,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 45,334,000 39,668,000 28,334,000 

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 45,334,000 39,668,000 28,334,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. 5,332,000 4,666,000 3,332,000 

R. Seelaus & Co., LLC 5,333,000 4,665,000 3,333,000 

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC 5,333,000 4,665,000 3,333,000 

Total $ 800,000,000 $ 700,000,000 $ 500,000,000 

Schedule 2 

Time of Sale Information 

Preliminary Prospectus dated
January 14, 2025 

The term sheet attached to this Underwriting Agreement as Schedule 3. 

S-2-1

Schedule 3 

Filed Pursuant to Rule 433 

Registration No. 333-284258

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus dated January 14, 2025 

Relating to Preliminary Prospectus Supplement dated January 14, 2025 

ADOBE INC. 

Pricing
Term Sheet 

This term sheet (this Pricing Term Sheet) relates only to the securities described below and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the preliminary prospectus supplement, dated January 14, 2025, of Adobe Inc., including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and the accompanying prospectus dated January 13, 2025 (the Preliminary
Prospectus Supplement). The information in this Pricing Term Sheet supplements the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement and supersedes the information in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement only to the extent it is inconsistent with the
information contained in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement. Financial information presented in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement or incorporated by reference therein is deemed to have changed to the extent affected by the changes described
herein. This Pricing Term Sheet should be read together with the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement before making a decision in connection with an investment in the securities. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to
them in the Preliminary Prospectus Supplement.

4.750% Notes due 2028 

4.950% Notes due 2030 

5.300% Notes
due 2035 

Issuer: Adobe Inc. (Adobe)

Principal Amounts: 

$800,000,000 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes)

$700,000,000 4.950% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes)

$500,000,000 5.300% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes)

Maturity: 

January 17, 2028 for the 2028 Notes

January 17, 2030 for the 2030 Notes

January 17, 2035 for the 2035 Notes

Coupon: 

4.750% for the 2028 Notes

4.950% for the 2030 Notes

5.300% for the 2035 Notes

S-3-1

Price to Public: 

99.947% of principal amount for the 2028 Notes

99.847% of principal amount for the 2030 Notes

99.724% of principal amount for the 2035 Notes

Interest Payment Dates: January 17 and July 17, commencing July 17, 2025

Day Count Convention: 30/360

Proceeds (before expenses) to Adobe: $1,991,425,000

Benchmark Treasury: 

4.250% due January 15, 2028 for the 2028 Notes

4.375% due December 31, 2029 for the 2030 Notes

4.250% due November 15, 2034 for the 2035 Notes

Spread to Benchmark Treasury: 

+30 basis points for the 2028 Notes

+40 basis points for the 2030 Notes

+55 basis points for the 2035 Notes

Yield to Maturity: 

4.769% for the 2028 Notes

4.985% for the 2030 Notes

5.336% for the 2035 Notes

Benchmark Treasury Price and Yield: 

99-12+; 4.469% for the 2028 Notes

99-02+; 4.585% for the 2030 Notes

95-26+; 4.786% for the 2035 Notes

Optional Redemption: 

For the 2028 Notes, make-whole call at T+5 basis points. On or after the date that is 1 month prior to the maturity date, Adobe may redeem
the 2028 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

For the 2030 Notes, make-whole call at T+10 basis points. On or after the date that is 1 month prior to the maturity date, Adobe may redeem the 2030 Notes at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

For the 2035 Notes, make-whole call at T+10 basis points. On or after the date that is 3 months prior to the maturity date, Adobe may redeem the 2035 Notes at
a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

S-3-2

Trade Date: January 14, 2025

Settlement Date: 

January 17, 2025 (T+3)

Pursuant to Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one
business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes prior to the business day before the delivery date may be required to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time
of trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult their own advisors.

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

CUSIP/ISIN: 

00724PAH2 / US00724PAH29 for the 2028 Notes

00724PAJ8 / US00724PAJ84 for the 2030 Notes

00724PAK5 / US00724PAK57 for the 2035 Notes

Ratings:* [Intentionally omitted]

Active Joint Book-Running Managers: 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

BofA Securities,
Inc.

SG Americas Securities, LLC

U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC

Passive Joint Book-Running Managers: 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

TD Securities
(USA) LLC

Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.

Co-Managers: 

Academy Securities, Inc.

R. Seelaus &
Co., LLC

Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC

* 

A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision
or withdrawal at any time. 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) and a prospectus supplement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, the prospectus supplement and other documents the
issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer
participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus and prospectus supplement if you request it by calling J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at
212-834-4533, BofA Securities, Inc. at (800) 294-1322, SG Americas Securities, LLC at (855)
881-2108, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. at 877-558-2607 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at 800-645-3751.

S-3-3 

Any disclaimer or other notice that may appear below is not applicable to this communication and should
be disregarded. Such disclaimer or notice was automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent by Bloomberg or another email system. 

S-3-4 

ADOBE INC. 

Debt Securities 

Underwriting
Agreement Standard Provisions 

From time to time, Adobe Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), may enter into
one or more underwriting agreements in the form of Annex A hereto that incorporate by reference these Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions (collectively with these Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions, an Underwriting
Agreement) that provide for the sale of the securities designated in such Underwriting Agreement (the Securities) to the several Underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), for whom the Underwriters
named therein shall act as representatives (the Representatives). The Underwriting Agreement, including these Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions, is sometimes referred to herein as this Agreement. The
Securities will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 17, 2025 (the Indenture) by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee). 

1. Registration Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284258), including a prospectus (the Basic Prospectus), relating to the debt securities, including the Securities, to be issued from
time to time by the Company. The Company has also filed, or proposes to file, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act a prospectus supplement specifically relating to the Securities (the Prospectus
Supplement). The registration statement, as amended at the time it becomes effective, including the information, if any, deemed pursuant to Rule 430A, 430B or 430C under the Securities Act to be part of the registration statement at the
time of its effectiveness, is referred to herein as the Registration Statement; and as used herein, the term Prospectus means the Basic Prospectus as supplemented by the prospectus supplement specifically
relating to the Securities in the form first used (or made available upon request of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) in connection with confirmation of sales of the Securities and the term Preliminary
Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus supplement specifically relating to the Securities together with the Basic Prospectus. References herein to the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, any Preliminary Prospectus, Time of
Sale Information (as defined below) or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein. The terms supplement, amendment and amend as used
herein with respect to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act) which are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Effective Time means the later of
(i) the effective date of the Registration Statement with respect to the offering of Securities or (ii) if the Registration Statement has been amended, the effective date of the most recent post-effective amendment, in each case as
determined for the Company pursuant to Section 11 of the Securities Act and Item 512 of Regulation S-K, as applicable. At or prior to the time when sales of the Securities are first made (the
Time of Sale), the Company will prepare certain information (collectively, and together with the Preliminary Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information) which information will be identified in Schedule 2 to
the Underwriting Agreement for such offering of Securities. 

1 

2. Purchase of the Securities by the Underwriters. 

A. The Company agrees to issue and sell the Securities to the several Underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement, and each Underwriter,
on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective principal amount of Securities set forth
opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement at the purchase price set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. 

B. Payment for and delivery of the Securities will be made at the time and place set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. The time and date of
such payment and delivery is referred to herein as the Closing Date. 

C. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the
Underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement are acting solely in the capacity of an arms-length contractual counterparty to the Company with respect to any offering of Securities contemplated hereby
and thereby (including in connection with determining the terms of the offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Company or any other person. Additionally, neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter
is advising the Company or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Company shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own
independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither the Representatives nor any other Underwriter owes the Company any other obligation, or has any responsibility or liability to the Company with respect thereto
other than those set forth in this Agreement. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants
to each Underwriter that: 

A. Registration Statement and Prospectus. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf
registration statement as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act that has been filed with the Commission not earlier than three years prior to the date hereof; and no notice of objection of the Commission to the use of such
registration statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act has been received by the Company. No order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued by the
Commission and no proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act against the Company or related to the offering has been initiated or threatened by the Commission; as of the Effective Time, the Registration
Statement and, as of its date, the Prospectus complied and will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder (collectively, the
Trust Indenture Act), and, as of the Effective Time, the Registration Statement did not contain and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading; and as of the date of the Prospectus and any amendment or supplement 

2 

thereto and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to (i) that part of the Registration Statement
that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) of the Trustee under the Trust Indenture Act or (ii) any statements or omissions in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus and any amendment
or supplement thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein. 

B. Preliminary Prospectus. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus has been issued by the Commission.

C. Time of Sale Information. The Time of Sale Information, at the Time of Sale, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the Company makes no
representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives
expressly for use in such Time of Sale Information. No statement of material fact in the Prospectus has been omitted from the Time of Sale Information and no statement of material fact in the Time of Sale Information that is required to be included
in the Prospectus has been omitted therefrom. 

D. Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. The Company (including its agents and
representatives, other than the Underwriters in their capacity as such) has not used, prepared, authorized, approved or referred to and will not prepare, use, authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in
Rule 405 under the Securities Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy the Securities (each such communication by the Company or its agents and representatives (other than a communication referred to in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) below) an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus) other than (i) any document not constituting a prospectus pursuant to Section 2(a)(10)(a) of the Securities Act or Rule 134 under the Securities Act,
(ii) the Preliminary Prospectus, (iii) the Prospectus, (iv) the documents listed on Schedule 2 to the Underwriting Agreement as constituting the Time of Sale Information and (v) any electronic road show or other written
communications approved in writing in advance by the Representatives. Each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, has been or will be (within the time period specified in Rule 433) filed in
accordance with the Securities Act (if required thereby) and, when taken together with the Preliminary Prospectus accompanying, or delivered prior to delivery of, or filed prior to the first use of such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, did not, and
at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided
that the Company makes no representation and warranty with respect to any statements or omissions made in each such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the
Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. 

3 

E. Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and did not
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further
documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Time of Sale Information, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material
respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

F. Financial Statements. The financial statements and the related
notes thereto of the Company included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, and present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations and the changes in their cash flows for the periods specified; such
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby, and the supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement present fairly in all material respects the information required to be stated therein; and the other financial information included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale
Information and the Prospectus has been derived from the accounting records of the Company and its subsidiaries and presents fairly the information shown thereby. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or
incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Time of Sale Information fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance with the Commissions rules and
guidelines applicable thereto. 

G. No Material Adverse Change. Other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration
Statement, Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus, there has not (i) been any material adverse change in the long-term debt of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) occurred any material adverse change, or
any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case, since the date of the most
recent financial statements in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

H. Organization and Good
Standing. The Company and each of its significant subsidiaries have been duly organized and are validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, are duly qualified to do business and are in
good standing in each jurisdiction in which their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of their respective businesses requires such qualification, and have all power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective
properties and to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged, except where the failure to be so qualified, be in good standing, or have such power or authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the
condition, financial or otherwise, or on the business or results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Securities (a Material Adverse
Effect). 

4 

I. Due Authorization. The Company has full right, power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, the Securities and the Indenture (collectively, the Transaction Documents) and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder; and all action required to be taken for the due and proper authorization,
execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby has been duly and validly taken. 

J. The Indenture. The Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid and legally
binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
or by equitable principles relating to enforceability (collectively, the Enforceability Exceptions); and the Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 

K. The Securities. The Securities have been duly authorized by the Company and, when duly executed, authenticated, issued and delivered
as provided in the Indenture and paid for as provided herein, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding and will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

L. Underwriting Agreement. The
Underwriting Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company. 

M. Descriptions of the Transaction
Documents. Each Transaction Document conforms in all material respects to the description thereof contained in each of the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

N. No Violation or Default. Neither the Company nor any of its significant subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) in default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due performance or observance of any
term, covenant or condition contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its significant
subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries is subject; or (iii) in violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator
or governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of clauses (i) (with respect to significant subsidiaries), (ii) and (iii) above, for any such default or violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

5 

O. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and compliance by the Company with the terms thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents will not
(i) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company or
any of its significant subsidiaries pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
significant subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries is subject, (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the charter or
by-laws or similar organizational documents of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries or (iii) result in the violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any
court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above, for any such conflict, breach, violation or default that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

P. No Consents Required. No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any court or
arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and compliance by the
Company with the terms thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, except for such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders and registrations or qualifications (i) as have been obtained under
the Securities Act and the Trust Indenture Act or from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), as required, and (ii) as may be required under applicable state securities laws in connection with the purchase and
distribution of the Securities by the Underwriters. 

Q. Legal Proceedings. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the
Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings pending to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be a party or to which any property of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be the subject that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or could materially
and adversely affect the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; and, to the best knowledge of the Company, no such investigations, actions, suits or proceedings have been threatened.

R. Independent Accountants. KPMG LLP, which has audited and certified certain financial statements of the Company and its
subsidiaries is an independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the Company and its subsidiaries, within the applicable rules and regulations adopted by the Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) and as required by the Securities Act. 

6 

S. Title to Intellectual Property. The Company and its subsidiaries own or possess
adequate rights to use all material patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses and know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or
unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures) necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses, except for such failures to own or possess as would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and the conduct of their
respective businesses will not violate valid and enforceable rights of others, and the Company and its subsidiaries have not received any notice of any claim of infringement or conflict with any such rights of others except, in each case, as would
not materially impair the business. 

T. Licenses and Permits. The Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates,
permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary for the ownership or lease of their respective
properties or the conduct of their respective businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, except where the failure to possess or make the same or to obtain would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or modification of any such license, certificate, permit or authorization or has received notice that any such
license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in the ordinary course, except where such revocation, modification or failure to obtain renewal would not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the business. 

U. Disclosure Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company and its subsidiaries have carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of their disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. 

V. Accounting Controls. The Company and its subsidiaries maintain
systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or
under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Companys internal control over financial reporting is effective based on the criteria established in Internal
ControlIntegrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. 

W. No Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer,
employee, agent, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has (i) used any funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity;
(ii) made or taken an act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect 

7 

unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government or regulatory official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international
organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, or committed an offense under the Bribery Act
2010 of the United Kingdom, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws; or (iv) made, offered, agreed, requested or taken an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation,
any rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. The Company and its subsidiaries have instituted, and maintain and enforce, policies and procedures designed to promote and ensure compliance with all
applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 

X. Compliance with Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the applicable money
laundering statutes of all jurisdictions where the Company or any of its subsidiaries conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any
governmental or regulatory agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental or regulatory agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the
Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

Y. Compliance with Sanctions. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director,
officer, employee, agent, or affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced by
the U.S. Government (including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State and including, without limitation, designation as a specially designated
national or blocked person), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is
the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of comprehensive Sanctions, including, without limitation, the Crimea,
non-government controlled areas of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia oblasts of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the
so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria (each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the offering of
the Securities hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time
of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or the target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person
(including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of applicable Sanctions. Since April 24, 2019, the Company and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in and are not now
knowingly engaged in any prohibited dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country. 

8 

Z. No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken,
directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities. 

AA. Cybersecurity. (A) To the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries, there has been no security breach or incident,
unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromise of the Company or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, websites, applications, data and databases (including the data and information
of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the Company and its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company and its
subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) other than those that were resolved without material cost or liability; (B) there has been no event or condition that reasonably could result in, any
security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data and (C) the Company and its subsidiaries have implemented appropriate controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards
designed to maintain and protect the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required by applicable regulatory standards, except with
respect to clauses (A) and (B), for any such security breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure, or other compromises, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to clause (C),
where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all currently applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders,
rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data
from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification. 

BB. Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and after giving
effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, it will not be, required to register as an investment
company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. 

CC. Status under the Securities Act. The Company is not an ineligible issuer and is a well-known seasoned issuer, in each case as
defined under the Securities Act, and in each case at the times specified in the Securities Act in connection with the offering of the Securities. 

DD. Sarbanes Oxley Act. There is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the Companys directors or officers,
in their capacities as such, to comply in all material respects with applicable provisions of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans
and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications. 

9 

EE. Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in each of the
Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries: (i) is in violation of, or to the knowledge of the Company has liability or obligations under, any statute, common law,
rule, regulation, decision or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or
human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) owns or operates any real property contaminated with any substance that is subject to any Environmental Laws, or is liable for any off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, or (iii) is subject to any claim relating to any Environmental Laws, nor is the Company aware of any pending investigation or any event or
condition that could reasonably be expected to result in any such claim; except where any such violation, contamination, liability or claim would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4. Further Agreements of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with each Underwriter that: 

A. Filings with the Commission. The Company will (i) pay the registration fees for this offering within the time period required by
Rule 456(b)(1)(i) under the Securities Act (without giving effect to the proviso therein) and in any event prior to the Closing Date and (ii) file the Prospectus in a form approved by the Underwriters with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424
under the Securities Act not later than the close of business on the second business day following the date of determination of the public offering price of the Securities or, if applicable, such earlier time as may be required by Rule 424(b) and
Rule 430A or 430B under the Securities Act. The Company will file any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 

B. Delivery of Copies. The Company will deliver, without charge, to each Underwriter during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined
below), as many copies of the Prospectus (including all amendments and supplements thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein) and the Time of Sale Information as the Representatives may reasonably request. As used herein, the term
Prospectus Delivery Period means such period of time after the first date of the public offering of the Securities as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters a prospectus relating to the Securities is required by law to be
delivered (or required to be delivered but for Rule 172 under the Securities Act) in connection with sales of the Securities by any Underwriter or dealer. 

C. Amendments or Supplements. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company will, before amending or supplementing the Registration
Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus, furnish to the Representatives and counsel for the Underwriters a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement and will not file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which the
Representatives reasonably object unless, in the Companys good faith judgment (based on consultation with its outside counsel), the Company is required by law or regulation to make such filing. 

10 

D. Notice to the Representatives. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company
will advise the Representatives promptly, and confirm such advice in writing, (i) when any amendment to the Registration Statement has been filed or becomes effective; (ii) when any supplement to the Prospectus or any amendment to the
Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus has been filed; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or the receipt of any comments from the
Commission relating to the Registration Statement or any other request by the Commission for any additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or
preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act; (v) of the occurrence of any event within
the Prospectus Delivery Period as a result of which the Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or any such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus is delivered to a
purchaser, not misleading; (vi) of the receipt by the Company of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act, and
(vii) of the receipt by the Company of any notice with respect to any suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offer and sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and the Company
will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any such order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or suspending any
such qualification of the Securities and, if any such order is issued, will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain as soon as possible the withdrawal thereof. 

E. Ongoing Compliance. (i) If during the Prospectus Delivery Period (i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a
result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with law, the Company will notify the Underwriters thereof as promptly as
practicable and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph (C) above, file with the Commission and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate, such amendments or supplements to the Prospectus as may be
necessary so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances existing when the Prospectus is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus will comply with law. 

(ii) If at any time prior to the Closing Date (i) any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which the Time of Sale
Information as then amended or supplemented would include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading or (ii) it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Information to comply with law, the Company will notify the Underwriters thereof as promptly as practicable and forthwith prepare and, subject to paragraph
(C) above, file with the Commission (to the extent required) and furnish to the Underwriters and to such dealers as the Representatives may designate, such amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Information as may be necessary so that
the statements in the Time of Sale Information as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, be misleading or so that the Time of Sale Information will comply with law. 

11 

F. Blue Sky Compliance. The Company will use reasonable efforts to qualify the
Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives shall reasonably request and will continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Securities;
provided that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify as a foreign corporation or other entity or as a dealer in securities in any such jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to so qualify, (ii) file any
general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction or (iii) subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction if it is not otherwise so subject. 

G. Earning Statement. The Company will make generally available to its security holders and the Representatives as soon as practicable
an earning statement that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Commission promulgated thereunder covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company
occurring after the effective date (as defined in Rule 158) of the Registration Statement. 

H. Clear Market. During the
period from the date hereof through and including the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives, offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of any debt securities issued or guaranteed by the
Company and having a tenor of more than one year (other than the Securities). 

I. DTC. The Company will assist the Representatives
in arranging for the Securities to be eligible for clearance and settlement through The Depository Trust Company. 

J. Use of
Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Securities as described in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus under the heading Use of Proceeds. 

K. No Stabilization. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that could reasonably be expected to
cause or result in any stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Securities. 

L. Record Retention. The Company will,
pursuant to reasonable procedures developed in good faith, retain copies of each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not filed with the Commission in accordance with Rule 433 under the Securities Act. 

5. Certain Agreements of the Underwriters. Each Underwriter hereby represents and agrees that: 

A. It has not and will not use, authorize use of, refer to, or participate in the planning for use of, any free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (which term includes use of any written information furnished to the Commission by the Company and not incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and any press release issued by the
Company) other than (i) any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus identified on Schedule 2 to the 

12 

Underwriting Agreement as forming part of the Time of Sale Information or prepared pursuant to Section 3.D or Section 4.C above (including any electronic roadshow), (ii) any free
writing prospectus prepared by such Underwriter and approved by the Company in advance in writing or (iii) any free writing prospectus that, solely as a result of use by such Underwriter, would not trigger an obligation to file such free
writing prospectus with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Underwriters may use a term sheet substantially in the form of Schedule 3 hereto without the consent of the Company. 

B. It is not subject to any pending proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act with respect to the offering (and will promptly
notify the Company if any such proceeding against it is initiated during the Prospectus Delivery Period). 

6. Conditions of
Underwriters Obligations. The obligation of each Underwriter to purchase Securities on the Closing Date as provided herein is subject to the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder and to the following
additional conditions: 

A. Registration Compliance; No Stop Order. If a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement is
required to be filed under the Securities Act, such post-effective amendment shall have become effective; no order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall be in effect, and no proceeding for such purpose, pursuant to Rule
401(g)(2) or pursuant to Section 8A under the Securities Act shall be pending before or threatened by the Commission; the Prospectus and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus shall have been timely filed with the Commission under the Securities
Act (in the case of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, to the extent required by Rule 433 under the Securities Act) and in accordance with Section 4.A hereof; and all requests by the Commission for additional information shall have been
complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representatives. 

B. Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date, and statements of the Company and its officers made in any certificates delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be true and
correct on and as of the Closing Date. 

C. No Downgrade. Subsequent to the earlier of (A) the Time of Sale and (B) the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, (i) no downgrading shall have occurred in the rating accorded the Securities or any other debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized
statistical rating organization, as such term is defined by the Commission for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act and (ii) no such organization shall have publicly announced that it has under surveillance or review,
or has changed its outlook with respect to, its rating of the Securities or of any other debt securities of or guaranteed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (other than an announcement with positive implications of a possible upgrading). 

D. No Material Adverse Change. No event or condition of a type described in Section 3.G hereof shall have occurred or shall exist,
which event or condition is not described in the Time of Sale Information (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the Prospectus (excluding any amendment or supplement thereto) and the effect of which in the judgment of the
Representatives makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

13 

E. Officers Certificate. The Representatives shall have received on and as of
the Closing Date a certificate of the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer or any executive officer of the Company, in his or her capacity as such, who has specific knowledge of the
Companys financial matters and is satisfactory to the Representatives (i) confirming that the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date and that the Company has
complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date and (ii) to the effect set forth in paragraphs (A), (C) and (D) above. 

F. Comfort Letters. On the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, KPMG LLP shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the
request of the Company, letters, dated the respective dates of delivery thereof and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representatives, containing statements and information of the type customarily
included in accountants comfort letters to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information
and the Prospectus; provided that the letter delivered on the Closing Date shall use a cut-off date no more than three business days prior to the Closing Date. 

G. Opinion and Disclosure Statement of Counsel for the Company. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel for the
Company, shall have furnished to the Representatives, at the request of the Company, their written opinion and negative assurance letter dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Underwriters, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Representatives. 

H. Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date
an opinion of counsel for the Underwriters with respect to such matters as the Representatives may reasonably request, and such counsel shall have received such documents and information as they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon
such matters. 

I. No Legal Impediment to Issuance. No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall
have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign governmental or regulatory authority that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities; and no injunction or order of any federal, state or
foreign court shall have been issued that would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities. 

J. Good
Standing. The Representatives shall have received on and as of the Closing Date satisfactory evidence of the good standing of the Company in its jurisdiction of incorporation and in such other jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably
request, in each case in writing or any standard form of telecommunication from the appropriate governmental authorities of such jurisdictions. 

14 

K. Additional Documents. On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have
furnished to the Representatives such further certificates and documents as the Representatives may reasonably request. 

All opinions,
letters, certificates and evidence mentioned above or elsewhere in this Agreement shall be deemed to be in compliance with the provisions hereof only if they are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to counsel for the Underwriters. 

7. Indemnification and Contribution. 

A. Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates, directors
and officers and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including,
without limitation, legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with any suit, action or proceeding or any claim asserted as such fees and expenses are incurred), joint or several, that arise out of, or are based upon, (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, not misleading, or (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale
Information, or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case except insofar
as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities arise out of, or are based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to any Underwriter
furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for use therein. 

B. Indemnification of
the Company. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the indemnity set forth in paragraph (A) above, but only with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities that arise out of, or are
based upon, any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with any information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the
Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information, it being understood and agreed that the only such
information consists of the information identified in the Underwriting Agreement as being provided by the Underwriters. 

15 

C. Notice and Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental
or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any person in respect of which indemnification may be sought pursuant to either paragraph (A) or (B) above, such person (the Indemnified
Person) shall promptly notify the person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the Indemnifying Person) in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from
any liability that it may have under this Section 7 except to the extent that it has been materially prejudiced (through the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses) by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to
notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise than under this Section 7. If any such proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person and it shall
have notified the Indemnifying Person thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any others entitled to indemnification pursuant to this
Section 7 that the Indemnifying Person may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such proceeding and shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding as incurred. In any such proceeding,
any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Person unless (i) the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall have
mutually agreed to the contrary, (ii) the Indemnifying Person has failed within a reasonable time to retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person, (iii) the Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there
may be legal defenses available to it that are different from or in addition to those available to the Indemnifying Person, or (iv) the named parties in any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person
and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood and agreed that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection
with any proceeding or related proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all Indemnified Persons, and that all such fees and expenses shall be
reimbursed as they are incurred. Any such separate firm for any Underwriter, its affiliates, directors and officers and any control persons of such Underwriter shall be designated in writing by the Representatives and any such separate firm for the
Company, its directors, its officers who signed the Registration Statement and any control persons of the Company shall be designated in writing by the Company. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding
effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such
settlement or judgment. No Indemnifying Person shall, without the written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and
indemnification could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, from
all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. 

16 

D. Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (A) and (B)
above is unavailable to an Indemnified Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each Indemnifying Person under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person
thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company
on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the
relative benefits referred to in clause (i) but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or
liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds (before
deducting expenses) received by the Company from the sale of the Securities and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters in connection therewith, in each case as set forth in the table on the cover of the
Prospectus, bear to the aggregate offering price of the Securities. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity
to correct or prevent such statement or omission. 

E. Limitation on Liability. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would
not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account
of the equitable considerations referred to in paragraph (D) above. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in paragraph (D) above shall be deemed to
include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7, in no event shall an Underwriter
be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the offering of the Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such
Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 7 are several in proportion to their respective purchase
obligations hereunder and not joint. 

F. Non-Exclusive Remedies. The remedies provided for
in this Section 7 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. 

8. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated in the absolute discretion of the Representatives, by notice to the Company, if after
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the over-the-counter market; (ii) trading of any securities issued by the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market; (iii) a general moratorium on commercial banking 

17 

activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities; or (iv) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or any change in financial markets
or any calamity or crisis, either within or outside the United States, that, in the judgment of the Representatives, is material and adverse and makes it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering, sale or delivery of the Securities
on the terms and in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus. 

9. Defaulting
Underwriter. 

A. If, on the Closing Date, any Underwriter defaults on its obligation to purchase the Securities that it has agreed to
purchase hereunder, the non-defaulting Underwriters may in their discretion arrange for the purchase of such Securities by other persons satisfactory to the Company on the terms contained in this Agreement.
If, within 36 hours after any such default by any Underwriter, the non-defaulting Underwriters do not arrange for the purchase of such Securities, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of 36
hours within which to procure other persons satisfactory to the non-defaulting Underwriters to purchase such Securities on such terms. If other persons become obligated or agree to purchase the Securities of a
defaulting Underwriter, either the non-defaulting Underwriters or the Company may postpone the Closing Date for up to five full business days in order to effect any changes that in the opinion of counsel for
the Company or counsel for the Underwriters may be necessary in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Time of Sale Information or in any other document or arrangement, and the Company agrees to promptly prepare any amendment or supplement
to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Time of Sale Information that effects any such changes. As used in this Agreement, the term Underwriter includes, for all purposes of this Agreement unless the context
otherwise requires, any person not listed in Schedule 1 to the Underwriting Agreement that, pursuant to this Section 9, purchases Securities that a defaulting Underwriter agreed but failed to purchase. 

B. If, after giving effect to any arrangements for the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (A) above, the aggregate principal amount of such Securities that remains unpurchased does not exceed
one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities, then the Company shall have the right to require each non-defaulting Underwriter to purchase the
principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder plus such Underwriters pro rata share (based on the principal amount of Securities that such Underwriter agreed to purchase hereunder) of the Securities of such
defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters for which such arrangements have not been made. 

C. If, after giving effect to any arrangements for
the purchase of the Securities of a defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters by the non-defaulting Underwriters and the Company as provided in paragraph (A) above, the aggregate principal amount of such
Securities that remains unpurchased exceeds one-eleventh of the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities, or if the Company shall not exercise the right described in paragraph (B) above, then this
Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 9 shall be without liability on the part of the
Company, except that the Company will continue to be liable for the payment of expenses as set forth in Section 10 hereof and except that the provisions of Section 7 hereof shall not terminate and shall remain in effect. 

18 

D. Nothing contained herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of any liability it may
have to the Company or any non-defaulting Underwriter for damages caused by its default. 

10.
Payment of Expenses. 

A. Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is
terminated, the Company will pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder, including without limitation, (i) the costs incident to the authorization, issuance, sale, preparation and
delivery of the Securities and any taxes payable in that connection; (ii) the costs incident to the preparation, printing and filing under the Securities Act of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, any Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus (including all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto) and the distribution thereof; (iii) the costs of reproducing and distributing each of the Transaction Documents;
(iv) the fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent accountants; (v) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the registration or qualification and determination of eligibility for investment of the Securities
under the laws of such jurisdictions as the Representatives may reasonably request and the preparation, printing and distribution of a Blue Sky Memorandum (including the related fees and expenses of counsel for the Underwriters); (vi) any fees
charged by rating agencies for rating the Securities; (vii) the fees and expenses of the Trustee and any paying agent (including related fees and expenses of any counsel to such parties); (viii) all expenses and application fees incurred in
connection with any filing with, and clearance of any offering by, FINRA; and (ix) all expenses incurred by the Company in connection with any road show presentation to potential investors. Except as explicitly provided in this
Section 10 and Section 7, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel and other advisors. 

B. If this Agreement shall be terminated by the Underwriters, or any of them, because of any failure or refusal on the part of the Company to
comply with the terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement, or if for any reason the Company shall be unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Company will reimburse the Underwriters or such Underwriters as have
so terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves, severally, for all out-of-pocket accountable expenses (including the fees and disbursements of their counsel)
actually incurred by such Underwriters in connection with this Agreement or the offering of the Securities contemplated hereby. 

11.
Persons Entitled to Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and the officers and directors and any controlling persons referred to herein, and
the affiliates of each Underwriter referred to in Section 7 hereof. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed to give any other person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement or any
provision contained herein. No purchaser of Securities from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor merely by reason of such purchase. 

19 

12. Survival. The respective indemnities, rights of contribution, representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company and the Underwriters contained in this Agreement or made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate delivered pursuant hereto shall survive the delivery
of and payment for the Securities and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any termination of this Agreement or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or the Underwriters. 

13. Certain Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term
affiliate has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; (ii) the term business day means any day other than a day on which banks are permitted or required to be closed in New York City;
(iii) the term subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act; and (iv) the term significant subsidiary has the meaning set forth in Rule
1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act. 

14.
Miscellaneous. 

A. Authority of the Representatives. Any action by the Underwriters hereunder may be taken by the
Representatives on behalf of the Underwriters, and any such action taken by the Representatives shall be binding upon the Underwriters. 

B.
Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted and confirmed by any standard form of telecommunication. Notices to the Underwriters shall be
given to the Representatives at the addresses set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. Notices to the Company shall be given to it at 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704; Attention: General Counsel, or if different, to the address set
forth in the Underwriting Agreement. 

C. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York. 

D. Amendments or Waivers. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, nor any consent
or approval to any departure therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the parties hereto. 

E. Headings. The headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of, or to affect the
meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. 

F. Patriot Act. In accordance with the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III
of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Company, which
information may include the name and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective clients. 

G. Recognition of U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

(a) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any
such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

20 

(b) In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of
such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights
could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For purposes of this Section 14(G), a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term
affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and
interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term
is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as
applicable. U.S. Special Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

21 

Annex A 

Underwriting Agreement 

[] __, 20[] 

[Name(s) of
Representative(s)] 

As Representative(s) of the several Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto 

c/o [Name(s) and Address(es) of Representative(s)] 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

Adobe Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to the several Underwriters
listed in Schedule 1 hereto (the Underwriters), for whom you are acting as representative(s) (the Representative(s)), $[] aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 20[] (the Notes due
20[]) and $[] aggregate principal amount of its Notes due 20[] (the Notes due 20[] and, together with the Notes due 20[], the Securities)
having the terms set forth in Schedule 3 hereto. The Securities will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of __________, 20[] (the Indenture) by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as
trustee (the Trustee). 

The Company agrees to issue and sell the Securities to the several Underwriters as provided in
this Underwriting Agreement (this Agreement), and each Underwriter, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements set forth herein and subject to the conditions set forth herein, agrees, severally and not jointly,
to purchase from the Company the respective principal amount of Securities set forth opposite such Underwriters name in Schedule 1 hereto at a price equal to []% of the principal amount of the Notes due 20[] and at a price
equal to []% of the principal amount of the Notes due 20[], plus, in each case, accrued interest, if any, from [], 20[] to the Closing Date (as defined below). The Company will not be obligated to deliver any of the
Securities except upon payment for all the Securities to be purchased as provided herein. 

The Company understands that the Underwriters
intend to make a public offering of the Securities as soon after the effectiveness of this Agreement as in the judgment of the Representative(s) is advisable, and initially to offer the Securities on the terms set forth in the Time of Sale
Information and the Prospectus. Schedule 2 hereto sets forth the Time of Sale Information [including certain information provided by the underwriters orally to purchasers]. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell
Securities to or through any affiliate of an Underwriter and that any such affiliate may offer and sell Securities purchased by it to or through any Underwriter. 

Payment for and delivery of the Securities shall be made at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 2000 Avenue of
the Stars, Suite 200N, Los Angeles, California 90067 at 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on [], 20[], or at such other time or place on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as the
Representative(s) and the Company may agree upon in writing. 

A-1 

Payment for the Securities shall be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to
the account(s) specified by the Company to the Representative(s) against delivery to the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing the Securities (collectively, the
Global Notes), with any transfer taxes payable in connection with the sale of the Securities duly paid by the Company. The Global Notes will be made available for inspection by the Representative(s) not later than 1:00 P.M., New
York City time, on the business day prior to the Closing Date. 

The Company and the Underwriters acknowledge and agree that the only
information relating to any Underwriter that has been furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative(s) expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Time of Sale Information consists of the following: [insert references to appropriate paragraphs] [and the following information in the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus dated [], 20[];
[insert description of information provided by Underwriters]]. 

All provisions contained in the document entitled Adobe Inc. Debt
Securities Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions (Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions) are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety and shall be deemed to be a part of this Agreement to the same extent as if
such provisions had been set forth in full herein, except that if any term defined in such Underwriting Agreement Standard Provisions is otherwise defined herein, the definition set forth herein shall control. 

This Agreement may be signed in counterparts (which may include counterparts delivered by any standard form of telecommunication), each of
which shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

A-2 

If the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding, please indicate your acceptance
of this Agreement by signing in the space provided below. 

Very truly yours,

ADOBE INC.

By 

Name:

Title:

Accepted: [], 20[]

For themselves and on behalf of the several

Underwriters listed in Schedule 1 hereto.

[NAME(S) OF REPRESENTATIVE(S)]

By 

Name:

Title:

A-3 

Schedule 1 

Securities 

Notes due
20[] 

Underwriter Principal Amount of

Securities To Be

Purchased 

$ [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Total $ [ ] 

Notes due 20[] 

Underwriter Principal Amount of

Securities To Be

Purchased 

$ [ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

Total $ [ ] 

S-1-1 

Schedule 2 

(a) Time of Sale Information 

[Preliminary Prospectus dated [], 20[]] 

[list each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to be included in the Time of Sale Information] 

The term sheet attached to the Underwriting Agreement as Schedule 3. 

[(b) Pricing Information Provided Orally by Underwriters] 

[set out key information included in script that will be used by underwriters to confirm sales] 

S-2-1 

ADOBE INC. 

Pricing Term Sheet for Notes due 20[] 

Issuer: 

Principal Amount: 

Maturity: 

Coupon: 

Price to Public: 

[Use of Proceeds:] 

Interest Payment and Reset Dates: 

Day Count Convention: 

[Proceeds (Before Expenses) to Issuer:] 

[Benchmark Treasury:]

[Spread from Benchmark Treasury:] 

[Yield to Maturity:]

[Benchmark Treasury Price and Yield:] 

[Redemption
Provisions:] 

Trade Date: 

Settlement Date: 

Denominations: 

[CUSIP/ISIN:] 

Ratings: 

Underwriters: 

Note: A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. 

A-C-2-1 

The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) and a prospectus supplement with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement, the prospectus supplement and other documents the issuer
has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer
participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus and prospectus supplement if you request it by calling 1-8[] [] or by calling Investor Relations at (408) 536-4700.

Any disclaimer or other notice that may appear below is not applicable to this communication and
should be disregarded. Such disclaimer or notice was automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent by Bloomberg or another email system. 

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d856773dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

ADOBE INC., Issuer 

and

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of
January 17, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01. 

Certain Terms Defined; Rules of Construction 1 

ARTICLE 2 

SECURITIES 

Section 2.01. 

Forms Generally 5 

Section 2.02. 

Form of Trustees Certification of Authentication 6 

Section 2.03. 

Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series 6 

Section 2.04. 

Authentication and Delivery of Securities 8 

Section 2.05. 

Execution of Securities 9 

Section 2.06. 

Certificate of Authentication 9 

Section 2.07. 

Denomination and Date of Securities; Payments of Interest 10 

Section 2.08. 

Registration, Transfer and Exchange 10 

Section 2.09. 

Mutilated, Defaced, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities 11 

Section 2.10. 

Cancellation of Securities; Destruction Thereof 12 

Section 2.11. 

Temporary Securities 12 

Section 2.12. 

Authenticating Agent 13 

Section 2.13. 

Global Securities 13 

Section 2.14. 

CUSIP Numbers 15 

ARTICLE 3 

COVENANTSOFTHE ISSUER 

Section 3.01. 

Payment of Principal and Interest 16 

Section 3.02. 

Offices for Payments, etc. 16 

Section 3.03. 

Paying Agents 17 

Section 3.04. 

Certificate of the Issuer 17 

Section 3.05. 

Reports by the Issuer 18 

Section 3.06. 

[Reserved] 18 

Section 3.07. 

[Reserved] 18 

Section 3.08. 

Existence 18 

ARTICLE 4 

REMEDIESOFTHE TRUSTEEAND HOLDERSON EVENTOF
DEFAULT 

Section 4.01. 

Event of Default; Acceleration of Maturity; Waiver of Default 18 

Section 4.02. 

Collection of Indebtedness by Trustee; Trustee May Prove Debt 20 

Section 4.03. 

Application of Proceeds 22 

Section 4.04. 

Suits for Enforcement 23 

Section 4.05. 

Restoration of Rights on Abandonment of Proceedings 23 

Section 4.06. 

Limitations on Suits by Holder 23 

Section 4.07. 

Unconditional Right of Holders to Institute Certain Suits 24 

i 

Section 4.08. 

Powers and Remedies Cumulative; Delay or Omission Not Waiver of Default 24 

Section 4.09. 

Control by Holders 24 

Section 4.10. 

Waiver of Past Defaults 25 

Section 4.11. 

Trustee to Give Notice of Default, But May Withhold in Certain Circumstances 25 

Section 4.12. 

Right of Court to Require Filing of Undertaking to Pay Costs 25 

ARTICLE 5 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE 

Section 5.01. 

Duties and Responsibilities of the Trustee; During Default; Prior to Default 26 

Section 5.02. 

Trustees Obligations with Respect to the Covenants 26 

Section 5.03. 

Moneys Held by Trustee 26 

Section 5.04. 

Reports by the Trustee to Holders 26 

Section 5.05. 

Certain Rights of the Trustee 27 

Section 5.06. 

Trustee and Agents May Hold Securities; Collections, etc. 28 

Section 5.07. 

Compensation and Indemnification of Trustee and Its Prior Claim 29 

Section 5.08. 

Right of Trustee to Rely on Officers Certificate, etc. 29 

Section 5.09. 

Disqualification; Conflicting Interests 29 

Section 5.10. 

Persons Eligible for Appointment as Trustee 30 

Section 5.11. 

Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor Trustee 30 

Section 5.12. 

Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 31 

Section 5.13. 

Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Trustee 32 

Section 5.14. 

Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuer 32 

Section 5.15. 

Trustees Disclaimer 32 

ARTICLE 6 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS 

Section 6.01. 

Evidence of Action Taken by Holders 33 

Section 6.02. 

Proof of Execution of Instruments and of Holding of Securities; Record Date 33 

Section 6.03. 

Holders to Be Treated as Owners 34 

Section 6.04. 

Securities Owned by Issuer Deemed Not Outstanding 34 

Section 6.05. 

Right of Revocation of Action Taken 34 

ARTICLE 7 

AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTSAND WAIVERS 

Section 7.01. 

Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders 35 

Section 7.02. 

Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 36 

Section 7.03. 

Execution of Amendments or Supplemental Indentures or Waivers 37 

Section 7.04. 

Effect of Amendment, Supplemental Indenture or Waiver 38 

Section 7.05. 

Effect of Consent 38 

Section 7.06. 

Notation on Securities in Respect of Amendments, Supplemental Indentures or Waivers 38 

Section 7.07. 

Conformity with the Trust Indenture Act 38 

ii 

ARTICLE 8 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALEOR CONVEYANCE 

Section 8.01. 

Consolidation, Merger or Sale of Assets by the Issuer 38 

Section 8.02. 

Successor Substituted 39 

ARTICLE 9 

DEFEASANCEAND DISCHARGE; UNCLAIMED MONEYS 

Section 9.01. 

Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 39 

Section 9.02. 

Legal Defeasance 40 

Section 9.03. 

Covenant Defeasance 41 

Section 9.04. 

Application by Trustee of Funds Deposited for Payment of Securities 42 

Section 9.05. 

Repayment of Moneys Held by Paying Agent 42 

Section 9.06. 

Return of Moneys Held by Trustee and Paying Agent Unclaimed for Two Years 42 

ARTICLE 10 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

Section 10.01. 

Incorporators, Stockholders, Employees, Officers and Directors of Issuer Exempt from Individual
Liability 42 

Section 10.02. 

Provisions of Indenture for the Sole Benefit of Parties and Holders 42 

Section 10.03. 

Successors and Assigns of Issuer Bound by Indenture 43 

Section 10.04. 

Notices and Demands on Issuer, Trustee and Holders 43 

Section 10.05. 

Officers Certificates and Opinions of Counsel; Statements to Be Contained Therein 44 

Section 10.06. 

Payments Due on Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays 45 

Section 10.07. 

Trust Indenture Act of 1939 45 

Section 10.08. 

Governing Law and Waiver of Jury Trial 45 

Section 10.09. 

Counterparts 45 

Section 10.10. 

Effect of Headings 45 

Section 10.11. 

Separability 45 

Section 10.12. 

Force Majeure 46 

Section 10.13. 

U.S.A. Patriot Act 46 

ARTICLE 11 

REDEMPTIONOF SECURITIESAND SINKING FUND PROVISIONS 

Section 11.01. 

Applicability of Article 46 

Section 11.02. 

Notice of Redemption; Partial Redemptions 46 

Section 11.03. 

Payment of Securities Called for Redemption 48 

Section 11.04. 

Exclusion of Certain Securities from Eligibility for Selection for Redemption 48 

iii 

Reconciliation and tie between Trust Indenture Act 

of 1939 and Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025 

Trust Indenture Act Section Indenture Section

Sec. 310(a)(1) 5.10

(a)(2) 5.10

(b) 5.09

Sec. 312(c) 10.04

Sec. 314(a) 3.05

(a)(4) 3.04

(c)(1) 9.01

(c)(2) 9.01

(e) 10.05

Sec. 315(b) 4.11

Sec. 316(a)(last sentence) 1.01 (Outstanding)

(a)(1)(A) 4.09

(a)(1)(B) 4.10

(b) 4.07

(c) 6.02

Sec. 317(a)(1) 4.04

(a)(2) 4.02

(b) 3.03

Sec. 318(a) 5.09

Note: This
reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be a part of the Indenture. 

iv 

THIS INDENTURE, dated as of January 17, 2025 between ADOBE INC. (the
Issuer) and COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A., a national banking association and limited purpose trust company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America (the Trustee). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of the Indenture to provide for the
issuance of unsecured debt securities in one or more series (the Securities) up to such principal amount or amounts as may from time to time be authorized in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and to provide, among other
things, for the authentication, delivery and administration thereof; 

WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Indenture a valid
indenture and agreement according to its terms have been done; 

WHEREAS, the Indenture is subject to, and will be governed by, the
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (the Trust Indenture Act) that are required to be a part of and govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchases of the Securities by the holders thereof, the Issuer and the Trustee
mutually covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective holders from time to time of the Securities as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Certain Terms Defined; Rules of Construction.The following terms (except as otherwise expressly provided or
unless the context otherwise clearly requires) for all purposes of the Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section. All other terms used in the Indenture that are defined in the
Trust Indenture Act, or the definitions of which are referred to in the Trust Indenture Act, including terms defined therein by reference to the Securities Act (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise clearly
requires), shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Trust Indenture Act and in the Securities Act as in force at the date of the Indenture. All accounting terms used herein and not expressly defined shall have the meanings assigned to
such terms in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the term generally accepted accounting principles means such accounting principles as are generally accepted at the time of any computation. The words
herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to the Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this
Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular. Except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise clearly requires, references to agreements or instruments, or to
statutes or regulations, are to such agreements or instruments, or statutes or regulations, as amended from time to time (or to successor statutes and regulations). 

1 

Agent Member means a member of, or a participant in, the Depositary. 

Authenticating Agentmeans an authenticating agent with respect to any of the series of Securities appointed with
respect to all or any series of the Securities by the Trustee pursuant to Section 2.12. 

Bankruptcy
Lawmeans Title 11 of the United States Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors. 

Board of Directors means either the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any committee of such Board duly authorized to act
hereunder. 

Business Day means, with respect to any Security, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, or any other day
in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York or the city in which the Trustees Corporate Trust Office (or in connection with any payment, the place of payment) is located on which banking institutions are authorized or required by applicable
law, regulation, or executive order to close or be closed. 

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or if at any time after the execution and delivery of the Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture
Act, then the body performing such duties on such date. 

company means a corporation or a limited liability company.

Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Trustee (i) for bond transfer purposes and for purposes of
payments, presentment and surrender of the Securities for the final distributions thereon is 1505 Energy Park Drive, St. Paul, MN 55108, Attention: Corporate Trust Operations -re Adobe Inc. and (ii) for
all other purposes is 1505 Energy Park Drive, St. Paul, MN 55108, Attention: CCT Administrator for Adobe Inc. 

Depositary means, with respect to Securities of any series, for which the Issuer shall determine that such Securities will
be issued as a Global Security, the Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, another clearing agency, or any successor registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act, or other applicable statute or regulation, which, in each case, shall
be designated by the Issuer pursuant to either Section 2.01 or 2.13. 

Event of Default
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01. 

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Global Securitymeans, with respect to any series of Securities, a Security executed by the Issuer and delivered by
the Trustee to the Depositary or pursuant to a safekeeping agreement with the Depositary, all in accordance with the Indenture, which shall be registered in global form without interest coupons in the name of the Depositary or its nominee. 

2 

Governmental Obligations means securities that are (i) direct
obligations of the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged or (ii) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America,
the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America that, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depositary
receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act) as custodian with respect to any such Governmental Obligation or a specific payment of principal of or interest on any such Governmental Obligation held by such
custodian for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt; provided, however, that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary
receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Governmental Obligation or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the Governmental Obligation evidenced by such depositary receipt. 

Holder means the registered holder of any Security on the books of the Registrar. 

Indenture means this instrument as originally executed and delivered or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as
so amended or supplemented or both, and shall include the forms and terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated hereunder. 

Interest Payment Date, when used with respect to any installment of interest on a Security of a particular series, means
the date specified in such Security or in a Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate) or in an indenture supplemental hereto with respect to such series as the fixed date on which an installment of
interest with respect to Securities of that series is due and payable. 

Issuer means, unless otherwise explicitly
provided herein, the Person named as the Issuer in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Indenture, and thereafter Issuer
shall mean such successor Person. 

Issuer Orderhas the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 2.04. 

Notice of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 4.01(c). 

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of the
Issuer by an Officer. 

Officer means any of the following: chair of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer,
chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, president, controller, secretary, any assistant secretary or general counsel of the Issuer. 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The
counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer. Such opinion may include customary qualifications and assumptions. 

3 

Original Issue Discount Security means any Security that provides for an
amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 4.01. 

Outstanding, when used with reference to Securities, shall, subject to the provisions of
Section 6.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Securities authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under the Indenture, except: 

(a) Securities cancelled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation; 

(b) Securities, or portions thereof, for the payment or redemption, discharge or defeasance of which moneys in the necessary amount to pay all
amounts then due shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any paying agent (other than the Issuer) or shall have been set aside, segregated and held in trust by the Issuer for the Holders of such Securities (if the Issuer shall
act as its own paying agent), provided that if such Securities, or portions thereof, are to be redeemed prior to the maturity thereof, notice of such redemption shall have been given as herein provided, or provision satisfactory to the
Trustee shall have been made for giving such notice; and 

(c) Securities in substitution for which other Securities shall have been
authenticated and delivered, or which shall have been paid, pursuant to the terms of Section 2.09 unless and until the Trustee and the Issuer receive proof satisfactory to them that the substituted Security is held by a
bona fide purchaser. 

In determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any or all
series have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that shall be deemed to be Outstanding for such purposes shall be the amount of the
principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 4.01. 

Patriot Actmeans the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and
Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56, as amended, and signed into law October 26, 2001. 

Person means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock
company, trust, unincorporated organization, or any other entity, including any government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 

principal whenever used with reference to the Securities or any Security or any portion thereof, shall be deemed to include
and premium, if any. 

Property means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or
intangible, including shares of capital stock. 

Register has the meaning assigned to it in
Section 2.08. 

Registrar means a Person engaged to maintain the Register. 

4 

Resolution of the Board of Directorsmeans a copy of the
resolution certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification. 

Responsible Officer when used with respect to the Trustee means any officer of the Trustee within the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee with direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer of the Trustee to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge and
familiarity with the particular subject. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor
thereto, in each case as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder. 

Security or Securities has the meaning stated in the first recital of the Indenture, or, as the case may
be, Securities that have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture. 

Surviving Entity has the meaning
assigned to such term in Section 8.01. 

Trustee means the Person identified as
Trustee in the first paragraph hereof and any successor trustee under the Indenture pursuant to Article 5. 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this instrument was executed;
provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, Trust Indenture Act means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended. 

Yield to Maturity means the yield to maturity on a series of securities, calculated at the time of issuance of such series,
or, if applicable, at the most recent redetermination of interest on such series, and calculated in accordance with accepted financial practice. 

ARTICLE 2 

SECURITIES

Section 2.01. Forms Generally.The Securities of each series shall be substantially in such form (not inconsistent with the
Indenture) as shall be established by or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), or in an Officers Certificate, or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with
such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by the Indenture and may have imprinted or otherwise reproduced thereon such legends, notations or endorsements as may be required to comply with
any law or with any rules or regulations pursuant thereto, or with any rules of any securities exchange or to conform to general usage, all as may be determined by the officer executing such Securities, as evidenced by such officers execution
of the Securities. 

The definitive Securities shall be printed, lithographed or engraved on steel engraved borders or may be produced in
any other manner, all as determined by the officer executing such Securities, as evidenced by such officers execution of such Securities. 

5 

Section 2.02. Form of Trustees Certification of
Authentication.The Trustees certificate of authentication on all Securities shall be in substantially the following form: 

This is one of the Securities of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

as Trustee

by: 

Authorized Signatory

Section 2.03. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series.Subject to compliance with the
representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein, in the Officers Certificate, in any indenture supplemental hereto and in any amendment hereto or thereto, the aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and
delivered under the Indenture is unlimited. 

The Securities may be issued in one or more series. There shall be established in or pursuant
to a Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), or in an Officers Certificate, or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities of any series: 

(a) the title of the Securities of the series (which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from all other Securities); 

(b) any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the series that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture
(except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the series pursuant to Section 2.08, 2.09, 2.11 or 11.03);

(c) the date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the series is payable; 

(d) the rate or rates at which the Securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, or the method by which such rate shall be determined,
the date or dates from which such interest shall accrue, the Interest Payment Dates on which such interest shall be payable and the record dates for the determination of Holders to whom interest is payable on such Interest Payment Dates; 

(e) the right, if any, to extend the interest payment periods and the duration of such extension; 

(f) the place or places where the principal of and any interest on Securities of the series shall be payable (if other than as provided in
Section 3.02); 

6 

(g) the price or prices at which, the period or periods within which and the terms and
conditions upon which Securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer; 

(h) the obligation, if
any, of the Issuer to redeem, purchase or repay Securities of the series at the option of a Holder thereof and the price or prices at which and the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the series shall
be redeemed, purchased or repaid, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; 

(i) if other than denominations of $2,000 and any
multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which Securities of the series shall be issuable; 

(j) the percentage of the
principal amount at which the Securities will be issued, and, if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of Securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof
pursuant to Section 4.01 or provable in bankruptcy pursuant to Section 4.02; 

(k)
whether the Securities are issuable under Rule 144A or Regulation S and, in such case, any provisions unique to such form of issuance including any transfer restrictions or exchange and registration rights; 

(l) whether the Securities are issuable as one or more Global Securities and, in such case, the identity for the Depositary for such series;

(m) any deletion from, modification of or addition to the Events of Default or covenants provided for with respect to the Securities of
the series; 

(n) any provisions granting special rights to Holders when a specified event occurs; 

(o) whether and under what circumstances the Issuer will pay additional amounts on the Securities of the series held by a Person who is not a
U.S. Person in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge withheld or deducted and, if so, whether the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Securities of the series rather than pay such additional amounts; 

(p) any special tax implications of the Securities, including provisions for Original Issue Discount Securities; 

(q) any trustees, authenticating or paying agents, transfer agents or registrars or any other agents with respect to the Securities of such
series; 

(r) any guarantor or co-issuer of the Securities of the series; 

(s) any special interest premium or other premium; 

(t) whether the Securities are convertible or exchangeable into common stock or other equity securities of the Issuer or a combination thereof
and the terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange shall be effected; 

7 

(u) the currency in which payments shall be made, if other than U.S. dollars; and 

(v) any and all other terms of the series (which terms shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of the Indenture) including any terms
which may be required by or advisable under U.S. law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of Securities in that series. 

All Securities of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination, issue date and issue price, and except as may
otherwise be provided in or pursuant to such Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), or in an Officers Certificate, or in any indenture supplemental hereto. All Securities of any one series need
not be issued at the same time, and unless otherwise provided, a series may be reopened for issuance of additional Securities of such series, subject to applicable U.S. federal income tax provisions. Additional Securities of a series will be
consolidated with, and form a single series with, Securities then Outstanding of such series. 

Any additional Securities shall be
established in or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), or in an Officers Certificate, or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case, which shall include: 

(i) the aggregate principal amount of such additional Securities to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture;

(ii) the issue price, the issue date and the CUSIP number, if any, of such additional Securities; and 

(iii) whether such additional Securities shall be transfer restricted Securities or have any registration or exchange rights.

Section 2.04. Authentication and Delivery of Securities.At any time and from time to time after the execution and
delivery of the Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Securities of any series executed by the Issuer to the Trustee for authentication, together with a written order of the Issuer, signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Officers (an
Issuer Order). The Trustee, in accordance with such written order, shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. 

In
authenticating such Securities and accepting the additional responsibilities under the Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 5.01) shall be fully
protected in relying upon: 

(a) a certified copy of any Resolution or Resolutions of the Board of Directors authorizing the action taken
pursuant to the resolution or resolutions delivered under clause 2.04(b) below; 

(b) a copy of any Resolution or
Resolutions of the Board of Directors relating to such series, in each case certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer; 

(c) an executed supplemental indenture, if any; 

8 

(d) in lieu of a supplemental indenture, an Officers Certificate setting forth the
form and terms of the Securities as required pursuant to Section 2.01 and 2.03, respectively, and prepared in accordance with Section 10.05; 

(e) an Opinion of Counsel, prepared in accordance with Section 10.05, to the effect that 

(i) the form or forms and terms of such Securities have been established by or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of
Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), or by an Officers Certificate, or by a supplemental indenture as permitted by Section 2.01 and 2.03 in conformity with the provisions of the
Indenture; and 

(ii) such Securities, when authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and issued by the Issuer in the
manner and subject to any conditions specified in the documents referred to in clause (i) above or such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Issuer entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, and enforceable
against the Issuer in accordance with their terms. 

The Trustee shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities
under this section if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action may not lawfully be taken by the Issuer or if the Trustee in good faith by its board of directors or board of trustees, executive committee, or a trust
committee of directors or trustees or Responsible Officers shall determine that such action would expose the Trustee to personal liability. 

Section 2.05. Execution of Securities.The Securities shall be signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Officers.
Such signature may be the manual or facsimile signature of the Officer. Typographical and other minor errors or defects in any such signature shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any Security that has been duly authenticated and
delivered by the Trustee. 

In case any Officer of the Issuer who shall have signed any of the Securities shall cease to be such Officer
before the Security so signed shall be authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or disposed of by the Issuer, such Security nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Security had not ceased
to be such Officer of the Issuer; and any Security may be signed on behalf of the Issuer by such person as, at the actual date of the execution of such Security, shall be the proper Officer of the Issuer, although at the date of the execution and
delivery of the Indenture any such person was not such an Officer. 

Section 2.06. Certificate of Authentication.Only
such Securities as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form recited herein, executed by the Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, shall be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture or
be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee upon any Security executed by the Issuer shall be conclusive evidence that the Security so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder
is entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

9 

Section 2.07. Denomination and Date of Securities; Payments of Interest.The Securities shall be issuable as registered securities without coupons and in denominations as shall be specified as contemplated by Section 2.03. In the absence of any such specification with respect to the
Securities of any series, the Securities of such series shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Securities shall be numbered, lettered, or otherwise distinguished in such manner or in accordance
with such plan as the officer of the Issuer executing the same may determine with the approval of the Trustee as evidenced by the execution and authentication thereof. 

The principal of and the interest on the Securities of any series, shall be payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America
that at the time is legal tender for public and private debt, at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose. 

Each
Security shall be dated the date of its authentication, shall bear interest, if any, from the date and shall be payable on the dates, in each case, established as contemplated by Section 2.03. 

The Person in whose name any Security of any series is registered at the close of business on any record date applicable to a particular
series with respect to any interest payment date for such series shall be entitled to receive the interest, if any, payable on such interest payment date notwithstanding any transfer or exchange of such Security subsequent to the record date and
prior to such interest payment date, except if and to the extent the Issuer shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest payment date for such series, in which case such defaulted interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose
names Outstanding Securities for such series are registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest) established by notice given by
mail by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Holders not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date. The term record date as used with respect to any interest payment date (except a date for payment of defaulted
interest) shall mean the date specified as such in the terms of the Securities of any particular series, or, if no such date is so specified, if such interest payment date is the first day of a calendar month, the fifteenth day of the next preceding
calendar month or, if such interest payment date is the fifteenth day of a calendar month, the first day of such calendar month, whether or not such record date is a Business Day. 

Section 2.08. Registration, Transfer and Exchange.The Issuer may appoint one or more Registrars. The Issuer initially
appoints the Trustee as Registrar. The Issuer will keep or cause to be kept at each office or agency to be maintained for the purpose as provided in Section 3.02 a register or registers (the Register) in
which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, it will register, and will register the transfer of, Securities as in this Article provided. The Register shall be in written form in the English language or in any other form
capable of being converted into such form within a reasonable time. At all reasonable times the Register shall be open for inspection by the Trustee. 

Upon due presentation for registration of transfer of any Security of any series at any such office or agency to be maintained for the purpose
as provided in Section 3.02, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or transferees a new Security or Securities of the same series in authorized denominations
for a like aggregate principal amount. 

10 

Any Security or Securities of any series may be exchanged for a Security or Securities of
the same series in other authorized denominations, in an equal aggregate principal amount. Securities of any series to be exchanged shall be surrendered at any office or agency to be maintained by the Issuer for the purpose as provided in
Section 3.02, and the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor the Security or Securities of the same series which the Holder making the exchange shall be entitled to receive,
bearing numbers not contemporaneously Outstanding. 

All Securities presented for registration of transfer, exchange, redemption or payment
shall (if so required by the Issuer or the Trustee) be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder or his attorney duly
authorized in writing, together with signature guarantees for such Holder or attorney. 

The Issuer or the Trustee may require payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any exchange or registration of transfer of Securities. No service charge shall be made for any such transaction. 

Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (a) any Securities of any series for a period
of 15 days preceding the first mailing of notice of redemption of Securities of such series to be redeemed, or (b) any Securities selected, called or being called for redemption except, in the case of any Security where public notice has been
given that such Security is to be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not so to be redeemed. 

In addition to the transfer requirements
provided in this Section 2.08, any Security or Securities will be subject to such further transfer restrictions as may be contained in a Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate),
or in an Officers Certificate or in an indenture supplemental hereto applicable to such series of Securities. 

All Securities issued
upon any transfer or exchange of Securities shall be valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such transfer or exchange. 

Section 2.09. Mutilated, Defaced, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.In case any temporary or definitive Security shall
become mutilated, defaced or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Issuer in its discretion may execute, and upon the receipt of an Issuer Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Security of the same series, bearing a number not
contemporaneously Outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated or defaced Security, or in lieu of and substitution for the Security so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substitute Security shall furnish to
the Issuer and to the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by them to indemnify and defend and to save each of them harmless and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence to
their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Security and of the ownership thereof. 

11 

Upon the issuance of any substitute Security, the Issuer or the Trustee may require the
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith. In case any Security which has matured or
is about to mature or has been called for redemption in full shall become mutilated or defaced or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Issuer may instead of issuing a substitute Security, pay or authorize the payment of the same (without surrender
thereof except in the case of a mutilated or defaced Security), if the applicant for such payment shall furnish to the Issuer and to the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee such security or indemnity as any of them may require to save
each of them harmless, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Issuer and the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of
such Security and of the ownership thereof. In case the mutilated, deleted, destroyed, or lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may pay the Security instead of issuing a substitute
Security. 

Every substitute Security of any series issued pursuant to the provisions of this section by virtue of the fact that any such
Security is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone and shall be entitled to all the benefits of
(but shall be subject to all the limitations of rights set forth in) the Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of such series duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All Securities shall be held and owned upon
the express condition that, to the extent permitted by law, the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, defaced or destroyed, lost or stolen Securities and shall preclude any and all other rights
or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement or payment of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender. 

Section 2.10. Cancellation of Securities; Destruction Thereof.All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption,
registration of transfer or exchange, or for credit against any payment in respect of a sinking or analogous fund, if surrendered to the Issuer or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee, shall be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or, if
surrendered to the Trustee, shall be cancelled by it in accordance with its customary practices; and no Securities shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of the Indenture. 

On written request of the Issuer at the time of such surrender, the Trustee shall deliver evidence to the Issuer of the Securities cancelled
by the Trustee. In the absence of such request, the Trustee shall cancel Securities held by it in accordance with its customary procedures and deliver evidence of cancellation to the Issuer. If the Issuer shall acquire any of the Securities, such
acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such Securities unless and until the same are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. 

Section 2.11. Temporary Securities.Pending the preparation of definitive Securities for any series, the Issuer may execute
and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver temporary Securities for such series (printed, lithographed, typewritten or otherwise reproduced, in each case in form satisfactory to the Trustee). Temporary
Securities of any series shall be issuable as registered Securities without coupons, of any authorized denomination, and substantially in the form of the definitive Securities of such series but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may
be appropriate for temporary Securities, all as may be determined by the Issuer with the concurrence of the Trustee. Temporary Securities may contain such reference to any provisions of the Indenture as may be appropriate. Every temporary Security
shall be executed by the Issuer and be authenticated by the Trustee upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with like effect, as the definitive Securities. 

12 

Without unreasonable delay the Issuer shall execute and shall furnish definitive Securities
of such series and thereupon temporary Securities of such series may be surrendered in exchange therefor without charge at each office or agency to be maintained by the Issuer for that purpose pursuant to Section 3.02, and
the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Securities of such series a like aggregate principal amount of definitive Securities of the same series of authorized denominations. Until so
exchanged, the temporary Securities of any series shall be entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture as definitive Securities of such series. 

Section 2.12. Authenticating Agent. So long as any of the Securities of any series remain Outstanding there may be an
Authenticating Agent for any or all such series of Securities which the Trustee shall have the right to appoint. Said Authenticating Agent shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of such series issued upon
exchange, transfer or partial redemption thereof, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and shall be valid and binding for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. All references in the
Indenture to the authentication of Securities by the Trustee shall be deemed to include authentication by an Authenticating Agent for such series. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Issuer and shall be a corporation that has a
combined capital and surplus, as most recently reported or determined by it, sufficient under the laws of any jurisdiction under which it is organized or in which it is doing business to conduct a trust business, and that is otherwise authorized
under such laws to conduct such business and is subject to supervision or examination by Federal or State authorities. If at any time any Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with these provisions, it shall resign
immediately. Any Authenticating Agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Issuer. The Trustee may at any time (and upon written request by the Issuer shall) terminate the agency of any
Authenticating Agent by giving written notice of termination to such Authenticating Agent and to the Issuer. Upon resignation, termination or cessation of eligibility of any Authenticating Agent, the Trustee may appoint an eligible successor
Authenticating Agent acceptable to the Issuer. Any successor Authenticating Agent, upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder, shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder as if originally named as an
Authenticating Agent pursuant hereto. 

Section 2.13. Global Securities.If the Issuer shall establish pursuant to
Section 2.01 that the Securities of a particular series are to be issued as one or more Global Securities, then the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall, in accordance with Section 2.04,
authenticate and deliver, a Global Security that shall (i) represent, and be issued in a denomination or aggregate denominations equal to the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities to be represented by a Global Security, (ii) be
registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, (iii) be delivered by the Trustee to the Depositary or pursuant to the Depositarys instruction and (iv) bear a legend substantially to the following effect: Except as
otherwise provided in the transfer provisions of the Indenture, this Security may be transferred, in whole but not in part, only to nominees of the Depositary or to a successor Depositary or to a nominee of such successor Depositary. 

13 

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.08, a Global Security
of a series may be transferred, in whole but not in part and in the manner provided in Section 2.08, only to another nominee of the Depositary for such series, or to a successor Depositary for such series selected or
approved by the Issuer or to a nominee of such successor Depositary. 

Ownership of beneficial interests in a registered Global Security
will be limited to Agent Members that have accounts with the Depositary or Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members. Upon the issuance of a registered Global Security, the Depositary will credit, on its book-entry registration and
transfer system, the Agent Members accounts with the respective principal or face amounts of the securities beneficially owned by the participants. Any dealers, underwriters or agents participating in the distribution of the Securities will
designate the accounts to be credited. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Security will be shown on, and the transfer of ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the Depositary, with respect to interests of
Agent Members, and on the records of Agent Members, with respect to interests of Persons holding through Agent Members. 

So long as the
Depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a registered Global Security, that Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Securities represented by the Global Security for all
purposes under the Indenture. Except as described in this Section 2.13, Agent Members will not be entitled to have the Securities represented by the Global Security registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled
to receive physical delivery of the Securities in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or Holders of the Securities under the Indenture. Accordingly, each Agent Member owning a beneficial interest in a registered Global Security
must rely on the procedures of the Depositary for that registered Global Security and, if that Person is not an Agent Member, on the procedures of the Agent Member through which the Person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a Holder under
the Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Depositary or its nominee may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person (including any Agent Member and any Person that holds a beneficial interest in a Global Security through an Agent
Member) to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Securities, and nothing herein will impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the
rights of a Holder of any Security. 

Principal, premium, if any, and interest payments on Securities represented by a Global Security
registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee will be made to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner of the registered Global Security. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any other agent of the Issuer,
or any agent of the Trustee will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the registered Global Security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing
any records relating to those beneficial ownership interests. 

14 

If at any time the Depositary for a series of the Securities notifies the Issuer that it is
unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such series or if at any time the Depositary for such series shall no longer be registered or in good standing under the Exchange Act, or other applicable statute or regulation, and a successor
Depositary for such series is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after the Issuer receives such notice or becomes aware of such condition, as the case may be, this Section 2.13 shall no longer be applicable to the
Securities of such series and the Issuer will execute, and subject to Section 2.08, the Trustee will authenticate and deliver the Securities of such series in definitive registered form without coupons, in authorized
denominations, and in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security of such series in exchange for such Global Security. In addition, the Issuer may at any time determine that the Securities of any series shall
no longer be represented by a Global Security and that the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall no longer apply to the Securities of such series. In such event, the Issuer will execute and subject to
Section 2.08, the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate evidencing such determination by the Issuer, will authenticate and deliver the Securities of such series in definitive registered form without
coupons, in authorized denominations, and in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security of such series in exchange for such Global Security. Upon the exchange of the Global Security for such Securities in
definitive registered form without coupons, in authorized denominations, the Global Security shall be cancelled by the Trustee. Such Securities in definitive registered form issued in exchange for the Global Security pursuant to this
Section 2.13 shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, shall instruct the Trustee in writing.
The Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such instructions from the Depositary. The Trustee shall deliver such Securities to the Depositary for delivery to the Persons in whose names such Securities are so registered.

In connection with any proposed exchange of Securities in definitive registered form for a Global Security, the Depositary shall provide
to the Trustee all information necessary to allow the Trustee to comply with any applicable tax reporting obligations, including without limitation any cost basis reporting obligations under Internal Revenue Code Section 6045. The Trustee may
conclusively rely on information provided to it in writing by the Depositary and shall have no responsibility to verify or ensure the accuracy of such information. 

Section 2.14. CUSIP Numbers. The Issuer in issuing the Securities may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use),
and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the
Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers.
The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers. 

15 

ARTICLE 3 

COVENANTSOFTHE ISSUER

Section 3.01. Payment of Principal and Interest. 

(a) The Issuer covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay or cause to be paid the
principal of and interest on each of the Securities of such series at the place or places, at the respective times and in the manner provided in such Securities. The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under
any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal on each series of Securities at the rate specified in the terms of such series of Securities to the extent lawful; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any
Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful. Unless otherwise provided in the Securities of any series, not later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time)
on the due date of any principal of or interest on any Securities, the Issuer will deposit with the Trustee (or paying agent) money in immediately available funds sufficient to pay such amounts, provided that if the Issuer or any affiliate of
the Issuer is acting as paying agent, it will, on or before each due date, segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders a sum of money sufficient to pay such amounts until paid to such Holders or otherwise disposed of
as provided in the Indenture. In each case the Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee of its compliance with this paragraph. 

(b) An
installment of principal or interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Trustee (or paying agent, other than the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer) holds by 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on that date money designated for and
sufficient to pay the installment. If the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer acts as paying agent, an installment of principal or interest will be considered paid on the due date only if paid to the Holders. 

(c) Payments in respect of the Securities represented by the Global Security are to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
the accounts specified by the Holder of the Global Security. With respect to certificated Securities, the Issuer will make all payments by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts within the United States as specified by the
Holders thereof or, if no such account is specified, by mailing a check to each Holders registered address. 

Section 3.02.
Offices for Payments, etc. So long as any of the Securities remain Outstanding, the Issuer will maintain in New York City, NY or in the City of St. Paul, MN, or such other Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee as the Trustee may designate
from time to time by notice to the Issuer, the following for each series: an office or agency (a) where the Securities may be presented for payment, (b) where the Securities may be presented for registration of transfer and for exchange as
in the Indenture provided and (c) where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Securities or of the Indenture may be given or served. The Issuer will give to the Trustee written notice of the location of any such office or
agency and of any change of location thereof. Unless otherwise specified in accordance with Section 2.03, the Issuer hereby initially designates the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, as the office to be maintained by
it for each such purpose. In case the Issuer shall fail to so designate or maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to give such notice of the location or of any change in the location thereof, presentations and demands may be made and
notices may be served at the applicable Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and the Issuer hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, notices and demands. 

16 

Section 3.03. Paying Agents.Whenever the Issuer shall appoint a paying
agent other than the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series, it will cause such paying agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this
Section, 

(a) that it will hold all sums received by it as such agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Securities of
such series (whether such sums have been paid to it by the Issuer or by any other obligor on the Securities of such series) in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of such series or of the Trustee, 

(b) that it will give the Trustee notice of any failure by the Issuer (or by any other obligor on the Securities of such series) to make any
payment of the principal of or interest on the Securities of such series when the same shall be due and payable, 

(c) pay any such sums so
held in trust by it to the Trustee upon the Trustees written request at any time during the continuance of the failure referred to in clause 3.03(b) above, and 

(d) that it will perform all other duties of paying agent as set forth in the Indenture. 

The Issuer shall, on or prior to each due date of the principal of or interest on the Securities of such series, deposit with the paying agent
a sum sufficient to pay such principal or interest so becoming due, and (unless such paying agent is the Trustee) the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee of any failure to take such action. 

If an Issuer shall act as its own paying agent with respect to the Securities of any series, it will, on or before each due date of the
principal of or interest on the Securities of such series, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of such series a sum sufficient to pay such principal or interest so becoming due. The Issuer will
promptly notify the Trustee of any failure to take such action. 

Anything in this section to the contrary notwithstanding, the Issuer may
at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge, or defeasance, with respect to one or more or all series of Securities hereunder, or for any other reason, pay or cause to be paid to the Trustee all sums held in trust for any
such series by the Issuer or any paying agent hereunder, as required by this Section, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained. 

Anything in this section to the contrary notwithstanding, the agreement to hold sums in trust as provided in this section is subject to the
provisions of Section 9.05 and 9.06. 

Section 3.04. Certificate of the Issuer.The
Issuer will furnish to the Trustee on or before 120 days after the end of each fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal year ended November 28, 2025) a brief certificate (which need not comply with Section 10.05) from
the principal executive, financial or accounting officer or the treasurer of the Issuer as to his, her, or their knowledge of the Issuers compliance with all conditions and covenants under the Indenture (such compliance to be determined
without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided under the Indenture), or if there has been a default, specifying the default and its nature and status. 

17 

Section 3.05. Reports by the Issuer.The Issuer will furnish to the
Trustee any document or report the Issuer is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act within 15 days after such document or report is filed with the Commission; provided that,
in the each case, the delivery of materials to the Trustee by electronic means or filing documents pursuant to the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor electronic filing system) shall be deemed to constitute furnishing
to the Trustee for purposes of this Section 3.05. Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such reports shall not constitute
constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including regarding the Issuers compliance with any of the Issuers covenants under the Indenture or the Securities (as to which
the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates). The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the Issuers compliance with the covenants or with respect to any reports
or other documents filed with the SEC or EDGAR or any website under the Indenture or participate in any conference calls. 

Section 3.06. [Reserved]

Section 3.07. [Reserved]

Section 3.08. Existence. Except as permitted under Article 8, the Issuer covenants to do or cause to be
done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and franchises; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be required to preserve any right or franchise if it determines that its
preservation is no longer desirable in the conduct of business. 

ARTICLE 4 

REMEDIESOFTHE TRUSTEEAND HOLDERSON
EVENTOF DEFAULT

Section 4.01. Event of Default; Acceleration of Maturity; Waiver of
Default.An Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 

(a) default in the payment of any installment of interest upon the Securities of such series as and when the same shall become due and
payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days or more; 

(b) default in the payment of the principal or premium, if any,
on the Securities of such series as and when the same shall become due and payable either at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration or otherwise; 

(c) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer governing the Securities of such series (other than defaults
specified in clause (a) or (b) above), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 90 days or more after either the Issuer receives written notice from the Trustee, or the Issuer and a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receive
written notice from the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each such series affected that is then Outstanding (all such series voting together as a single class) thereby, specifying such default or breach and
requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder; 

18 

(d) a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in
respect of the Issuer in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of the
Issuer or for any substantial part of its Property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; 

(e) the Issuer shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or
consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of the Issuer
or for any substantial part of its Property, or make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 

(f) any other Event of
Default provided in the Officers Certificate, supplemental indenture or Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate) under which such series of Securities is established or in the form of Security for
such series. 

If an Event of Default described in clause 4.01(a), 4.01(b), 4.01(c) or
4.01(f) above occurs and is continuing, then, and in each and every such case, unless the principal of all of the Securities of such series shall have already become due and payable, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Holders of not
less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each such series affected that is then Outstanding hereunder (each such series voting together as a single class) by notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by
Holders), shall declare the entire principal (or, if the Securities of such series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series) of all Outstanding Securities of each
such series, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become immediately due and payable. 

If an Event of Default described in clause 4.01(d) or 4.01(e) above occurs and is continuing, then the entire
principal amount of the Outstanding Securities will automatically become due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities affected (all such series
voting together as a single class) may on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of all such series, or the Holders of a majority in principal amount of a series of Outstanding Securities affected may on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of
such series, in each case, by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee: 

(a) waive all past defaults (other than the
nonpayment of the principal of and interest on the Securities (or the Securities of such series) that have become due solely by the declaration of acceleration); and 

19 

(b) rescind and annul a declaration of acceleration and its consequences if
all existing Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and interest on the Securities (or the Securities of such series) that have become due solely by the declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived, and such
rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree. 

For all purposes under the Indenture, if a portion of the principal of any
Original Issue Discount Securities shall have been accelerated and declared due and payable pursuant to the provisions hereof, then, from and after such declaration, unless such declaration has been rescinded and annulled, the principal amount of
such Original Issue Discount Securities shall be deemed, for all purposes hereunder, to be such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and payable as a result of such acceleration, and payment of such portion of the principal thereof as
shall be due and payable as a result of such acceleration, together with interest, if any, thereon and all other amounts owing thereunder, shall constitute payment in full of such Original Issue Discount Securities. 

Section 4.02. Collection of Indebtedness by Trustee; Trustee May Prove Debt. The Issuer covenants that (a) in case default
shall be made in the payment of any installment of interest on any of the Securities of any series when such interest shall have become due and payable, and such default shall have continued for a period of 30 days or (b) in case default shall
be made in the payment of all or any part of the principal of any of the Securities of any series when the same shall have become due and payable, whether upon maturity of the Securities of such series or upon any redemption or by declaration or
otherwise, then upon demand of the Trustee, the Issuer will pay to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of such series the whole amount that then shall have become due and payable on all Securities of such series for
principal or interest, as the case may be (with interest to the date of such payment upon the overdue principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, on overdue installments of interest at the same
rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in the Securities of such series); and in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of
collection, including reasonable compensation to the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and any expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee except as a result of
its negligence or willful misconduct, as adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

Until such demand is made by the Trustee, the
Issuer may pay the principal of and interest on the Securities of any series to the Holders, whether or not the principal of and interest on the Securities of such series be overdue. 

In case the Issuer shall fail forthwith to pay such amounts upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust,
shall be entitled and empowered to institute any action or proceedings at law or in equity for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute any such action or proceedings to judgment or final decree, and may enforce any such
judgment or final decree against the Issuer or other obligor upon such Securities and collect in the manner provided by law out of the Property of the Issuer or other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated, the moneys adjudged or decreed to
be payable. 

20 

In case there shall be pending proceedings relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon
the Securities of any series under Bankruptcy Law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its
Property or such other obligor, or in case of any other comparable judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Securities of any series, or to the creditors or Property of the Issuer or such other obligor, the Trustee,
irrespective of whether the principal of any Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section,
shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise: 

(a) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole
amount of principal and interest (or, if the Securities of such series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series) owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities of
such series, and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, and their respective
agents, attorneys and counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, except as a result of negligence or willful misconduct, as adjudicated by a court of
competent jurisdiction) and of the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Securities of such series, or to the creditors or Property of the Issuer or such other obligor, 

(b) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders of the Securities of such series in any election of
a trustee or a standby trustee in arrangement, reorganization, liquidation or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or Person performing similar functions in comparable proceedings, and 

(c) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute all amounts received with
respect to the claims of the Holders and of the Trustee on their behalf; and any trustee, receiver, or liquidator, custodian or other similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event
that the Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their respective agents,
attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee except as a result of negligence or willful misconduct, as adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction,
and all other amounts due to the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee pursuant to Section 5.07. To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and
counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 5.07 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding shall be unpaid for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of,
any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 

21 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to
or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan or reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities of any series or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of
the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person. 

All rights of action and of asserting claims under the Indenture, or under any of the Securities, may be enforced by the Trustee without the
possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof on any trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any
recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the reasonable expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the holders of the
Securities in respect of which such action was taken. 

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and also any proceedings involving the
interpretation of any provision of the Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Securities in respect to which such action was taken, and it shall not be necessary to make any
Holders of such Securities parties to any such proceedings. 

Section 4.03. Application of Proceeds.Any moneys
collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article in respect of any series shall be applied in the following order at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such moneys on account of principal or interest, upon
presentation of the several Securities in respect of which moneys have been collected and stamping (or otherwise noting) thereon the payment, or issuing Securities of such series in reduced principal amounts in exchange for the presented Securities
of like series if only partially paid, or upon surrender thereof if fully paid: 

FIRST: To the payment of costs and expenses applicable to
such series in respect of which moneys have been collected, including reasonable compensation to the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys and of all expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee and each
predecessor Trustee except as a result of negligence or willful misconduct, as adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction, and all other amounts due to the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee pursuant to Section 5.07;

SECOND: In case the principal of the Securities of such series in respect of which moneys have been collected shall not have become and
be then due and payable, to the payment of interest on the Securities of such series in default in the order of the maturity of the installments of such interest, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee)
upon the overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in such Securities, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled
thereto, without discrimination or preference; 

22 

THIRD: In case the principal of the Securities of such series in respect of which moneys
have been collected shall have become and shall be then due and payable, to the payment of the whole amount then owing and unpaid upon all the Securities of such series for principal and interest, with interest upon the overdue principal, and (to
the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in the Securities of
such series; and in case such moneys shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amount so due and unpaid upon the Securities of such series, then to the payment of such principal and interest or Yield to Maturity, without preference or priority
of principal over interest or Yield to Maturity, or of interest or Yield to Maturity over principal, or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Security of such series over any other Security of such series,
ratably to the aggregate of such principal and accrued and unpaid interest or Yield to Maturity; and 

FOURTH: To the payment of the
remainder, if any, to the Issuer or any other Person lawfully entitled thereto. 

Section 4.04. Suits for Enforcement.In case an Event of Default has occurred, has not been waived and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by the Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee
shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any of such rights, either at law or in equity or in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture or in aid of the exercise of
any power granted in the Indenture or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by the Indenture or by law. 

Section 4.05. Restoration of Rights on Abandonment of Proceedings.In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any
right under the Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Issuer and the Trustee shall be restored respectively to
their former positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceedings had been taken. 

Section 4.06. Limitations on Suits by Holder.No Holder of any Security of any series shall have any right by virtue or by
availing of any provision of the Indenture to institute any action or proceeding at law or in equity or in bankruptcy or otherwise upon or under or with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian
or other similar official or for any other remedy hereunder, unless (i) such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of default and of the continuance thereof, as hereinbefore provided; (ii) the Holders of not less
than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each such series affected that is then Outstanding (voting together as a single class) shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action or proceedings in its own
name as Trustee hereunder; (iii) such Holder or Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity as it may reasonably require against any losses, fees, costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such
request, including expenses, damages, liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and court costs) incurred in connection with any action, claim or suit brought to enforce the Trustees right to
indemnification; (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity shall have failed to institute any such action or proceeding; and (v) no direction inconsistent with such written request shall
have been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series affected then Outstanding. It is understood and intended,
and expressly covenanted by the taker 

23 

and Holder of every Security with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee, that no one or more Holders of any series shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue or by availing of
any provision of the Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other such Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an
affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such directions are unduly prejudicial to such Holders) or to enforce any right under the Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders
of the applicable series. For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this Section, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity. 

Section 4.07. Unconditional Right of Holders to Institute Certain Suits. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture and
any provision of any Security, the contractual right of any Holder of any Security to receive payment of the principal of and interest on such Security on or after the respective due dates expressed in such Security, or to institute suit for the
enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 4.08. Powers and Remedies Cumulative; Delay or Omission Not Waiver of Default.Except as provided in
Section 4.06, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law,
be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 

No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder to exercise any
right or power accruing upon any Event of Default occurring and continuing as aforesaid shall impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein; and, subject to
Section 4.06, every power and remedy given by the Indenture or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders. 

Section 4.09. Control by Holders.The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series
affected (voting together as a single class) at the time Outstanding shall have the right to direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the
Trustee with respect to the Securities of each such series by the Indenture; provided, however, that such direction shall not be otherwise than in accordance with law and the provisions of the Indenture. Subject to the provisions of
Section 5.01, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall determine that the action or proceeding so directed may not lawfully be taken or if the
Trustee in good faith shall determine that the action or proceedings so directed would involve the Trustee in personal liability or financial risk, or if the Trustee in good faith shall determine that the actions or forbearances specified in or
pursuant to such direction would be unduly prejudicial to the interests of Holders of the Securities of all series so affected not joining in the giving of said direction, it being understood that (subject to Section 5.01)
the Trustee shall have no duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders. 

24 

Nothing in the Indenture shall impair the right of the Trustee in its discretion to take any
action deemed proper by the Trustee and which is not inconsistent with such direction or directions by Holders. 

Section 4.10.
Waiver of Past Defaults.Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4.01, 4.07 and 7.02, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities affected (all such
series voting together as a single class) may on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of all such series, or the Holders of a majority in principal amount of a series of Outstanding Securities affected may on behalf of the Holders of all
Securities of such series, waive an existing default and its consequences, and shall provide written notice of such waiver to the Issuer and to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee. Upon such waiver, the default will cease to exist, and any Event of
Default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been cured, but no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

Section 4.11. Trustee to Give Notice of Default, But May Withhold in Certain Circumstances.The Trustee shall give to the
Holders of any series, as the names and addresses of such Holders appear on the Register, notice by mail of all defaults of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has obtained actual knowledge or has received written notice thereof, which have
occurred with respect to such series, such notice to the Holders to be transmitted within 45 days after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has obtained actual knowledge or has received written notice of the default, unless such defaults shall have
been cured before the giving of such notice (the term default or defaults for the purposes of this section being hereby defined to mean any event or condition which is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would become, an
Event of Default); provided that, except in the case of default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Securities of such series, or in the payment of any sinking or purchase fund installment with respect to the Securities of
such series, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as the board of directors, the executive committee, or a trust committee of directors or trustees and/or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith
determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders of such series. 

Section 4.12. Right of Court to
Require Filing of Undertaking to Pay Costs.In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under the Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may require any party
litigant in such suit (other than the Trustee) to file an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant (other than the Trustee) in the suit
having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section does not apply to a suit by a Holder to enforce payment of principal of or interest on any Security on the respective due dates. 

25 

ARTICLE 5 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE

Section 5.01. Duties and Responsibilities of the Trustee; During Default; Prior to Default.(a) The duties and
responsibilities of the Trustee are as provided by the Trust Indenture Act and as set forth herein. Whether or not expressly so provided, every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection
to the Trustee is subject to this Article. 

(a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee need perform only those
duties that are specifically set forth in the Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into the Indenture against the Trustee. In case an Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer shall have actual
knowledge or shall have received written notice from the Issuer or any Holder of Securities of any series has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise those rights and powers vested in it by the Indenture, and use the same degree of
care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

(b) No provision of the Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent
failure to act or its own willful misconduct. 

Section 5.02. Trustees Obligations with Respect to the
Covenants.The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the Issuers compliance with the covenants contained in Article 4 or with respect to any reports or
other documents filed under the Indenture; provided, however, that nothing herein shall relieve the Trustee of any obligations to monitor the Issuers timely delivery of all reports and certificates required under
Sections 3.04 and 3.05 of the Indenture and to fulfill its obligations under Article 5 hereof. 

Section 5.03. Moneys Held by Trustee.Subject to the provisions of Section 9.06 hereof, all
moneys received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received, but need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. Neither the Trustee nor
any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be liable for interest on any money received by it hereunder except such as it may agree with the Issuer in writing to pay thereon. 

Section 5.04. Reports by the Trustee to Holders.Within 60 days after each May 15, beginning with May 15, 2025,
the Trustee will mail to each Holder, as provided in Trust Indenture Act Section 313(c), a brief report dated as of such May 15, if required by Trust Indenture Act Section 313(a), and file such reports with each stock exchange upon
which its Securities are listed and with the Commission if, and to the extent, required by Trust Indenture Act Section 313(d). 

The
Trustee shall comply with Section 313(b) and 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act. 

A copy of each such report shall, at the time of
such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with the Issuer, with each stock exchange upon which any Securities are listed (if so listed) and also with the Commission. 

26 

Section 5.05. Certain Rights of the Trustee.Subject to Trust Indenture
Act Sections 315(a) through (d): 

(a) In the absence of willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may rely, and will be protected
in acting or refraining from acting, upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by
it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document, but, in the case of any document which is specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee
pursuant to any provision hereof, the Trustee shall examine the document to determine whether it conforms to the requirements of the Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated
therein). The Trustee, in its discretion, may make further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it sees fit. 

(b) Before
the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel conforming to Section 10.05 and the Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in
good faith in reliance on the certificate and opinion. 

(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be
responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any attorney or agent appointed by the Trustee with due care. 

(d) The Trustee will be
under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by the Indenture or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto at the request or direction of any of the Holders, unless such Holders have
offered to the Trustee security or indemnity as it may reasonably require against any losses, fees, damages, costs, expenses and liabilities that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 

(e) The Trustee will not be liable in its individual capacity for any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith that it believes
to be authorized or within its rights or powers or for any action it takes or omits to take in accordance with the direction of the Holders in accordance with Section 4.09 relating to the time, method and place of
conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under the Indenture. 

(f) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and any advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and
protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon. 

(g) No provision of
the Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of its rights or powers. 

27 

(h) The Trustee shall not be liable in its individual capacity for an error in judgment made
in good faith by a Responsible Officer or other officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 

(i) The Trustee shall not be personally liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and believed by it to be
authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by the Indenture. 

(j) The Trustee shall have no duty to see to
any recording, filing or depositing of the Indenture or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such
re-recording or re-filing or re-depositing thereof. 

(k) The Trustee shall not be required to take notice or be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any default or Event of Default unless a
Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notice from the Issuer or any Holder of the Securities or obtained actual knowledge thereof. In the absence of receipt of such notice or actual knowledge, the Trustee may conclusively
assume that there is no default or Event of Default. 

(l) The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the
performance of its powers and duties hereunder. 

(m) The Trustee shall have no obligation to pursue any action that is not in accordance
with applicable law. 

(n) The permissive rights or powers of the Trustee to do things enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed
as a duty of the Trustee. 

(o) The Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the ratings of the Issuer and any guarantors or their
affiliates or any other party or making any request upon any rating agency. 

(p) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities,
indemnities, limitations of liability and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be compensated, reimbursed, and indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities
hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder. 

Section 5.06. Trustee and Agents May Hold
Securities; Collections, etc. The Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee or such
agent and may otherwise deal with the Issuer and receive, collect, hold and retain collections from the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee or such agent. 

28 

Section 5.07. Compensation and Indemnification of Trustee and Its Prior Claim.

(a) The Issuer will pay the Trustee compensation as agreed upon in writing for its services. The compensation of the Trustee is not
limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer will reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee, (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its counsel and of all agents and other Persons not regularly in its employ) except to the extent any such
expense, disbursement or advance may arise from its negligence or willful misconduct, as adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Issuer also covenants to indemnify the Trustee, its directors, officers, employees and agents and each
predecessor Trustee, its directors, officers, employees and agents for, and to hold each of them harmless against, any loss, cost, damage, fee, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and court costs) arising out
of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture or the trusts hereunder and the performance of its duties hereunder and under the Securities, including the costs and expenses of defending itself against or investigating
any claim of liability in the premises and the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability and of complying with any process served upon it or any of its officers, except to the extent such loss liability or expense is due
to the negligence or willful misconduct, as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction, of the Trustee or such predecessor Trustee. 

Anything in the Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the Trustee be liable for special, indirect, punitive, or
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(b) To secure the Issuers payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee will have a lien prior to the Securities on all money or
Property held or collected by the Trustee, in its capacity as Trustee, except money or Property held in trust to pay principal of, and interest on particular Securities. 

The obligations of the Issuer under this Section 5.07 shall survive the resignation and removal of the Trustee, the
termination or assignment of this Indenture, payment of the Securities, satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, and shall extend to any co- trustee or separate trustee. 

Section 5.08. Right of Trustee to Rely on Officers Certificate, etc. Subject to
Sections 5.01 and 5.05, whenever in the administration of the trusts of the Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or suffering or omitting
any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by
an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such certificate, in the absence of negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it under
the provisions of the Indenture upon the faith thereof. 

Section 5.09. Disqualification; Conflicting Interests. If the Trustee
has or shall acquire any conflicting interest within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee and the Issuer shall in all respects comply with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture
Act. 

29 

Section 5.10. Persons Eligible for Appointment as Trustee.The Indenture
must always have a Trustee that satisfies the requirements of Trust Indenture Act Section 310(a) and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $100,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

Section 5.11. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor Trustee.(a) The Trustee, or any trustee or trustees
hereafter appointed, may at any time resign with respect to one or more or all series of Securities by giving written notice of resignation to the Issuer and by mailing notice thereof by first class mail (or electronically in accordance with
DTCs procedures) to Holders of the applicable series of Securities at their last addresses as they shall appear on the Register. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor trustee or trustees with
respect to the applicable series by written instrument in duplicate, executed by authority of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee or trustees. If no
successor trustee shall have been so appointed with respect to any series and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the mailing of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security or Securities of the applicable series for at least six months may, subject to the provisions of Section 4.12, on behalf
of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee. 

(a) In case at any time any of the following shall occur: 

(i) the Trustee shall fail to comply with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to any
series of Securities after written request therefor by the Issuer or by any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security or Securities of such series for at least six months; or 

(ii) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 310(a) of the Trust Indenture Act
and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Issuer or by any Holder; or 

(iii) the Trustee shall become
incapable of acting with respect to any series of Securities, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver or liquidator of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the
Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; 

then, in any such case, the Issuer may remove the
Trustee upon at least 30 days advance written notice with respect to the applicable series of Securities and appoint a successor trustee for such series by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors of the
Issuer, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security or Securities of such series for at least six months may on
behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to such series. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if
any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee. 

30 

(b) The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series
at the time Outstanding may at any time remove the Trustee with respect to Securities of such series and appoint a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series with the consent of the Issuer by delivering to the Trustee so
removed, to the successor Trustee so appointed and to the Issuer the evidence provided for in Section 6.01 of the action in that regard taken by the Holders. 

(c) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee with respect to any series and any appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to such
series pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 5.11 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee as provided in Section 5.12. 

(d) Any successor Trustee appointed pursuant to this Section may be appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more series or all of
such series, and at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect to the Securities of any particular series. 

Section 5.12.
Acceptance of Appointment by Successor.Any successor Trustee appointed as provided in Section 5.11 shall execute and deliver to the Issuer and to its predecessor Trustee an instrument accepting such
appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor Trustee with respect to all or any applicable series shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become
vested with all rights, powers, duties and obligations with respect to such series of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as trustee for such series hereunder; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Issuer or
of the successor Trustee, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, the trustee ceasing to act shall, subject to Section 9.06, pay over to the successor Trustee all moneys at the time held by it hereunder and shall execute
and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations. 

If a successor Trustee
is appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Issuer, the predecessor Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any applicable series shall execute and deliver an indenture
supplemental hereto prepared by and at the expense of the Issuer which (1) shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts
and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (2) shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that
all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the predecessor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series as to which the predecessor Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the predecessor Trustee, and (3) shall add to
or change any of the provisions of the Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall
constitute such trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such trustee shall be trustee of a trust or trusts under separate indentures. 

31 

Upon acceptance of appointment by any successor Trustee as provided in this
Section 5.12, the Issuer shall mail notice thereof by first-class mail to the Holders of any series for which such successor Trustee is acting as trustee at their last addresses as they shall appear in the Register. If the
acceptance of appointment is substantially contemporaneous with the resignation, then the notice called for by the preceding sentence may be combined with the notice called for by Section 5.11. If the Issuer fails to mail
such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee, the successor Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the Issuer. 

Section 5.13. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Trustee.If the Trustee consolidates with,
merges or converts into, or sells or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation, national banking association, or other entity, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation, national
banking association, or entity without any further act will be the successor Trustee with the same effect as if the successor Trustee had been named as the Trustee in the Indenture. 

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by the Indenture any of the Securities of any series
shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee and deliver such Securities so authenticated; and, in case at that time any of the Securities
of any series shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Securities either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee; and in all such cases such certificate shall have
the full force which it is anywhere in the Securities of such series or in the Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have; provided, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee
or to authenticate Securities of any series in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation. 

Section 5.14. Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuer.The Trustees shall comply with Section 311(a) of
the Trust Indenture Act, excluding any creditor relationship described in Section 311(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act to the extent
included therein. 

Section 5.15. Trustees Disclaimer.The Trustee (i) makes no representation
as to the validity or adequacy of the Indenture or the Securities, (ii) is not accountable for the Issuers use or application of the proceeds from the Securities and (iii) is not responsible for any statement in the Securities other
than its certificate of authentication. The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except for the Trustees certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for
their correctness. The Trustee shall not be bound to ascertain or inquire as to the performance, observance, or breach of any covenants, conditions, representations, warranties or agreements on the part of the Issuer but the Trustee may require full
information and advice as to the performance of the aforementioned covenants in accordance with the provisions hereof. Under no circumstances shall the Trustee be liable in its individual capacity for the obligations evidenced by the Securities. The
Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to any statement in the prospectus or any other document in connection with the sale of the Securities. 

32 

ARTICLE 6 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS

Section 6.01. Evidence of Action Taken by Holders.Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver
or other action provided by the Indenture to be given or taken by a specified percentage in principal amount of the Holders of any or all series may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by
such specified percentage of Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee. 

If the Issuer shall solicit from the Holders of any series any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other
action, the Issuer may, at its option, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate, fix in advance a record date for such series for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action, but the Issuer shall have no obligation to do so. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, may be given before or after the record date, but only
the Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Securities of that series who have authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, and for that purpose the
Outstanding Securities of that series shall be computed as of the record date; provided, however, that no such authorization, agreement or consent by such Holders on the record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become
effective pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture not later than six months after the record date. 

Proof of execution of any
instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of the Indenture and (subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.05) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the
manner provided in this Article. 

Section 6.02. Proof of Execution of Instruments and of Holding of Securities; Record
Date.Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.05, the execution of any instrument by a Holder or his agent or proxy may be proved in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Securities shall be proved by the Register or by a certificate of the registrar thereof. The Issuer may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of
Holders of any series entitled to vote or consent to any action referred to in Section 6.01, which record date may be set at any time or from time to time by notice to the Trustee, for any date or dates (in the case of any
adjournment or reconsideration) not more than 60 days nor less than five days prior to the proposed date of such vote or consent, and thereafter, notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, only Holders of such series of record on such record date
shall be entitled to so vote or give such consent or revoke such vote or consent. Notice of such record date may be given before or after any request for any action referred to in Section 6.01 is made by the Issuer. 

33 

Section 6.03. Holders to Be Treated as Owners.Prior to the due
presentment for registration of transfer of any Security, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Security shall be registered upon the Register for such series as the
absolute owner of such Security (whether or not such Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal of, and, subject to the
provisions of the Indenture, interest on such Security and for all other purposes; and neither the Issuer, the Trustee, nor any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. All such payments so made to any such
Person, or upon his order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sum or sums so paid, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for moneys payable upon any such Security. 

Section 6.04. Securities Owned by Issuer Deemed Not Outstanding.In determining whether the Holders of the requisite
aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any or all series have concurred in any direction, consent or waiver under the Indenture, Securities which are owned by the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities with respect to which
such determination is being made or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities with respect to which such determination is being
made shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding for the purpose of any such determination, except that for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent or waiver only
Securities which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned, or has received written notice that such Securities are so owned, shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded
as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Person directly or
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities. In case of a dispute as to such right, the advice of counsel shall be full protection in respect of any
decision made by the Trustee in accordance with such advice. Upon request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate listing and identifying all Securities, if any, known by the Issuer to be owned
or held by or for the account of any of the above- described Persons; and, subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.05, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the
facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Securities not listed therein are Outstanding for the purpose of any such determination. 

Section 6.05. Right of Revocation of Action Taken.At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as
provided in Section 6.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any or all series, as the case may be, specified in the Indenture in connection with
such action, any Holder of a Security the serial number of which is shown by the evidence to be included among the serial numbers of the Securities the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice at the applicable
Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in this Article, revoke such action so far as concerns such Security. Except as aforesaid any such action taken by the Holder of any Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such
Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Security and of any Securities issued in exchange or substitution therefor, irrespective of whether or not any notation in regard thereto is made upon any such Security. Any action taken by the
Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any or all series, as the case may be, specified in the Indenture in connection with such action shall be conclusively binding upon the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders
of all the Securities affected by such action. 

34 

ARTICLE 7 

AMENDMENTS, SUPPLEMENTSAND WAIVERS

Section 7.01. Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders.The Issuer and the Trustee may amend the Indenture or the
Securities or enter into an indenture supplemental hereto without notice to or the consent of any Holder to: 

(a) cure ambiguities,
omissions, defects or inconsistencies; 

(b) make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the
Securities of a series; 

(c) provide for or add guarantors with respect to the Securities of any series; 

(d) secure the Securities of any series; 

(e) establish the form or forms of Securities of any series; 

(f) provide for uncertificated Securities of any series in addition to or in place of certificated Securities of the applicable series; 

(g) evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee; 

(h) provide for the assumption by a successor corporation, partnership, trust or limited liability company of the Issuers obligations to
the Holders of the Securities of any series, in each case in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; 

(i) maintain the
qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; 

(j) conform any provision in the Indenture, or in the Resolution of the
Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), Officers Certificate or supplemental indenture establishing the Securities of any series, or the terms of the Securities of any series to the prospectus, prospectus
supplement, offering memorandum, offering circular or any other document pursuant to which the Securities of such series were offered; 

(k) make any change that does not adversely affect the legal rights of the Holders of such series in any material respect; or 

(l) change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture, or to add any new provisions of the Indenture, in respect of one or more
series of Securities; provided, however, that any such change, elimination or addition shall not apply to any Security then Outstanding on the date that such change, elimination or addition is effective. 

35 

The Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Issuer in the execution of any such
amendment or supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations which may be therein contained and to accept the conveyance, transfer, assignment, mortgage or pledge of any Property thereunder, but the Trustee shall
not be obligated to enter into any such amendment or supplemental indenture which affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise. 

Any amendment or supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this section may be executed without notice to and without the consent
of the Holders of any of the Securities at the time Outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 7.02. 

Section 7.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders.(a) With the consent of the Holders of not less than a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of all series affected by such amendment or supplemental indenture (voting together as a single class), or, in the case of a particular series, with the consent of
Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of such series affected by such amendment or supplemental indenture, the Issuer, when authorized by a Resolution of its Board of Directors,
and the Trustee may, from time to time and at any time, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of any
supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each such series and such Holders may waive future compliance by the Issuer with a provision of the Indenture or the Securities. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a), without the consent of each affected Holder of a particular series, an amendment,
supplement or waiver may not: 

(i) reduce the principal amount, or extend the fixed maturity, of the Securities, or alter
or waive the redemption provisions of the Securities (other than the minimum notice requirement) to reduce the amount payable upon the redemption of Securities or, in respect of an optional redemption, to modify the times at which the Securities may
be redeemed; 

(ii) impair the contractual right of any Holder of the Securities to receive payment of principal or interest
on the Securities on and after the due dates for such principal or interest; 

(iii) change the currency in which principal,
any premium or interest is paid; 

(iv) reduce the percentage in principal amount Outstanding of Securities of any series
which must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver or consent to take any action; 

(v) impair the right to institute
suit for the enforcement of any payment on the Securities; 

36 

(vi) waive any default or Event of Default in the payment of principal of,
or interest on, the Securities (except a rescission and annulment of acceleration and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities
affected (all such series voting together as a single class) (or of such series of Outstanding Securities affected) pursuant to Section 4.01); 

(vii) reduce the interest rate or extend the time for payment of interest on the Securities; or 

(viii) contractually subordinate in right of payment to any other indebtedness the Securities of any series in a manner adverse
to the Holders of such series. 

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this section to approve the particular form
of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. 

Section 7.03. Execution of Amendments or Supplemental Indentures or Waivers.Upon the request of the Issuer, accompanied by
a copy of a Resolution of the Board of Directors (and set forth in an Officers Certificate) certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer authorizing the execution of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver
and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and other documents, if any, required by Section 6.01, the Trustee shall join with the Issuer in the execution of such amendment,
supplemental indenture or waiver unless such supplemental indenture or waiver affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated
to, enter into such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver. 

The Trustee, subject to the provisions of
Sections 5.01 and 5.05, shall receive and shall be fully protected in relying upon an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment, supplement or waiver is
authorized and permitted by this Indenture and that such amendment, supplement or waiver constitutes the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Issuer as conclusive evidence that any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver executed
pursuant to this Article 7 complies with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; provided, however, that such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel need not be provided in connection with the
execution of an amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver that establishes the terms of a series of Securities pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof. 

Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Trustee of any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver pursuant to the provisions of
this Section, the Issuer shall mail a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders of each series affected thereby at their addresses as they shall appear on the Register of the Issuer, setting forth in general terms the substance of such
amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver. Any failure of the Issuer to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver. 

37 

Section 7.04. Effect of Amendment, Supplemental Indenture or Waiver.Upon
the execution of any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver pursuant to the provisions hereof, the Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitations of rights,
obligations, duties and immunities under the Indenture of the Trustee, the Issuer and the Holders of each series affected thereby shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and
amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of the Indenture for any and all purposes. 

Section 7.05. Effect of Consent.After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, it will bind every Holder
unless it is of the type requiring the consent of each Holder affected. If the amendment, supplement or waiver is of the type requiring the consent of each Holder affected, the amendment, supplement or waiver will bind each Holder that has consented
to it and every subsequent Holder of a Security that evidences the same debt as the Security of the consenting Holder. 

Section 7.06.
Notation on Securities in Respect of Amendments, Supplemental Indentures or Waivers.Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver pursuant to the provisions
of this Article may bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee for such series, as to any matter provided for by such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver or as to any action taken at any such meeting. If the Trustee shall so determine,
new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Board of Directors of the Issuer, to any modification of the Indenture contained in any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver may be prepared by
the Issuer, authenticated by the Trustee and delivered in exchange for the Securities of such series then Outstanding. 

Section 7.07.
Conformity with the Trust Indenture Act.Every amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver executed pursuant to this Article shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect. 

ARTICLE 8 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALEOR CONVEYANCE

Section 8.01. Consolidation, Merger or Sale of Assets by the Issuer.(a) The Issuer shall not merge or consolidate or
combine with or into or, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, convey, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its and its subsidiaries assets (taken as a whole) to any Person or Persons in a single transaction or
through a series of transactions, unless: 

(i) the Issuer shall be the continuing Person or, if the Issuer is not the
continuing Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Surviving Entity) is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

(ii) the Surviving Entity shall expressly assume all of the Issuers obligations under the Securities and the Indenture,
and shall, if required by law to effectuate the assumption, execute a supplemental indenture in form satisfactory to the Trustee which will be delivered to the Trustee; 

38 

(iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of
transactions on a pro forma basis, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and 

(iv) the Issuer or the
Surviving Entity will have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel stating that the transaction or series of transactions and a supplemental indenture, if any, complies with this
Section 8.01 and that all conditions precedent in the Indenture relating to the transaction or series of transactions have been complied with. 

(a) The restrictions in paragraph Sections 8.01(a)(iii) and 8.01(a)(iv) shall not be applicable to: 

(i) the merger or consolidation of the Issuer with an affiliate of the Issuer if the Board of Directors determines in good
faith that the purpose of such transaction is principally to change the state of incorporation of the Issuer or convert the form of organization of the Issuer to another form; or 

(ii) the merger of the Issuer with or into a single direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to
Section 251(g) (or any successor provision) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or similar provision of the Issuers state of incorporation). 

Section 8.02. Successor Substituted.If any consolidation or merger or any sale, assignment, conveyance, lease, transfer or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the Issuers and its subsidiaries assets (taken as a whole) occurs in accordance with the Indenture, the successor Person shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every
right and power of the Issuer under the Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named herein as the Issuer and the Issuer shall (except in the case of a lease) be discharged from all obligations and covenants under the
Indenture and the Securities. 

ARTICLE 9 

DEFEASANCEAND DISCHARGE; UNCLAIMED MONEYS

Section 9.01. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.The Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Indenture with
respect to a series of Securities when: 

(a) either: (i) all the Securities of such series issued that have been authenticated and
delivered have been accepted by the Trustee for cancellation (other than any Securities of such series which shall have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which shall have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.09);
or (ii) all the Securities of such series issued that have not been accepted by the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable, or are by their terms to become due and payable within one year, or the Issuer has made irrevocable
arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by such Trustee in the Issuers name, and at the Issuers expense, and the Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee
sufficient funds to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such series of Securities to pay principal, interest and any premium (a discharge); 

39 

(b) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all other sums then due and payable under the
Indenture with respect to such series; and 

(c) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent under the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture with respect to such series have been complied with. 

If the foregoing conditions are met, the Trustee, on written demand of the Issuer accompanied by an Officers Certificate and an Opinion
of Counsel and at the cost and expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments prepared by the Issuer acknowledging such satisfaction of and discharging the Indenture with respect to such series except as to: 

(1) rights of registration of transfer and exchange of Securities of such series, and the Issuers right of optional redemption, if any;

(2) substitution of mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities; 

(3) rights of Holders to receive payments when due of principal thereof and interest thereon; 

(4) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder; 

(5) the rights of the Holders of such series as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the Property so deposited with the Trustee payable to all
or any of them; and 

(6) the rights of the Issuer to be repaid any money pursuant to Sections 9.05 and
9.06. 

Section 9.02. Legal Defeasance.Following the deposit referred to in
Section 9.01, the Issuer will be deemed to have paid and will be discharged from its obligations in respect of the Securities of each such series and the Indenture with respect thereto, other than its obligations in
Article 2 and Sections 3.01, 3.02, 5.07, 5.11, and listed in clauses (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6) of Section 9.01, provided the
following conditions have been satisfied: 

(a) The Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust
funds for the purpose of making the following payments, in cash or Governmental Obligations or a combination thereof (other than moneys repaid by the Trustee or any paying agent to the Issuer in accordance with
Section 9.06), in each case sufficient without reinvestment, in the written opinion or based on a written report or certificate of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants, investment bank or appraisal
firm, to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied by the Trustee to pay and discharge, all of the principal, interest and any premium on that series at due date or maturity or if the Issuer has made irrevocable arrangements satisfactory to the
Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the trustee in the Issuers name and at the Issuers expense, the redemption date; 

(b) The Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that, as a result of an IRS ruling or a change in applicable federal
income tax law, the Holders of the Securities of that series will not recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge to be effected and will be subject to the same federal income tax as
would be the case if the deposit, defeasance and discharge did not occur; 

40 

(c) No default with respect to the outstanding Securities of that series has occurred and is
continuing at the time of such deposit after giving effect to the deposit or, in the case of legal defeasance, no default relating to bankruptcy or insolvency has occurred and is continuing (other than an Event of Default resulting from the
borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit (or any substantially concurrent deposit with respect to other indebtedness) and the grant of any lien securing such borrowings); 

(d) The defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, the Indenture (other than an Event of Default
resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit (or any substantially concurrent deposit with respect to other indebtedness) and the grant of any lien securing such borrowings), or any other material agreement or instrument to
which the Issuer is a party or by which it is bound; and 

(e) The Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an
Opinion of Counsel, in each case stating that all conditions precedent provided for herein relating to the defeasance have been complied with; 

Thereafter, the Trustee upon request will acknowledge in writing the discharge of the Issuers obligations under the Securities and the
Indenture except for the surviving obligations specified above. 

Section 9.03. Covenant Defeasance.Following the
deposit referred to in Section 9.01, the Issuers obligations with respect to the Securities of that series and the Indenture with respect thereto set forth in Sections 3.04, and 3.05
of the Indenture, and any other provisions as may be specified in the Board Resolution (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), Officers Certificate or supplemental indenture establishing that series, will terminate and
Section 4.01(c) of the Indenture, and any other provisions as may be specified in the Board Resolution (and set forth in an Officers Certificate), Officers Certificate or supplemental indenture establishing that
series, will no longer constitute an Event of Default, provided the following conditions have been satisfied: 

(a) The Issuer has complied
with clauses (a), (c), (d), and (e) of Section 9.02; and 

(b) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee
an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Securities of that series will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and covenant defeasance to be effected and will be subject to the
same federal income tax as would be the case if the deposit and covenant defeasance did not occur. 

Thereafter, the Trustee upon request
will acknowledge in writing the legal defeasance or covenant defeasance (each, a defeasance) of the Issuers obligations under the Securities of that series and the Indenture as specified. 

41 

Section 9.04. Application by Trustee of Funds Deposited for Payment of
Securities.Subject to Section 9.06, all moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 9.01 shall be held in trust and applied by it to the payment, either directly or through
any paying agent (including the Issuer acting as its own paying agent), to the Holders of the particular Securities of such series for the payment or redemption of which such moneys or Governmental Obligations have been deposited with the Trustee,
of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest. Such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

Section 9.05. Repayment of Moneys Held by Paying Agent.In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture
with respect to Securities of any series, all moneys then held by any paying agent under the provisions of the Indenture with respect to such series of Securities shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be repaid to the Issuer or paid to the Trustee and
thereupon such paying agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such moneys or Governmental Obligations. 

Section 9.06. Return of Moneys Held by Trustee and Paying Agent Unclaimed for Two Years.Any moneys or Governmental
Obligations deposited with or paid to the Trustee or any paying agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security of any series and not applied but remaining unclaimed for two years after the date upon which such principal or
interest shall have become due and payable, shall, upon the written request of the Issuer and unless otherwise required by mandatory provisions of applicable escheat or abandoned or unclaimed property law, be repaid to the Issuer by the Trustee for
such series or such paying agent, and the Holder of the Security of such series shall, unless otherwise required by mandatory provisions of applicable escheat or abandoned or unclaimed property laws, thereafter look only to the Issuer for any
payment which such Holder may be entitled to collect, and all liability of the Trustee or any paying agent with respect to such moneys shall thereupon cease. 

ARTICLE 10 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 10.01. Incorporators, Stockholders, Employees, Officers and Directors of Issuer Exempt from Individual Liability.No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture, or in any Security, or because of any indebtedness evidenced thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, as such, or against any past, present or
future stockholder, employee, officer or director, as such, of the Issuer or of any successor, either directly or through the Issuer or any successor, under any rule of law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment
or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and released by the acceptance of the Securities by the Holders thereof and as part of the consideration for the issue of the Securities. 

Section 10.02. Provisions of Indenture for the Sole Benefit of Parties and Holders.Nothing in the Indenture or in the
Securities, expressed or implied, shall give or be construed to give to any Person, firm or corporation, other than the parties hereto and their successors and the Holders of the Securities, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under the
Indenture or under any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and of the Holders of the Securities. 

42 

Section 10.03. Successors and Assigns of Issuer Bound by Indenture.All
the agreements of the Issuer in the Indenture and the Securities shall bind its successors and assigns. 

Section 10.04. Notices
and Demands on Issuer, Trustee and Holders.Any notice or demand which by any provision of the Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders to or on the Issuer may be given or served by being
deposited postage prepaid, first-class mail (except as otherwise specifically provided herein) addressed (until another address of the Issuer is filed by the Issuer with the Trustee) to Adobe Inc., 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110-2704
Attention: Treasurer and a copy of such notice or demand shall be sent to the Issuers General Counsel at the same address. Any notice, direction, request or demand by the Issuer or any Holder to or upon the Trustee shall be given or made by
being deposited postage prepaid, first-class mail or overnight delivery addressed to the applicable Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and shall be deemed effective upon the Trustees actual receipt thereof. The Trustee shall have the right,
but shall not be required, to rely upon and comply with instructions and directions sent by e-mail, facsimile and other similar unsecured electronic methods by Persons reasonably believed by the Trustee to be
authorized to give instructions and directions on behalf of the Issuer or any Person. The Trustee shall have no duty or obligation to verify or confirm that the Person who sent such instructions or directions is, in fact, a Person authorized to give
instructions or directions on behalf of the Issuer; and the Trustee shall have no liability for any losses, liabilities, costs or expenses incurred or sustained by the Issuer as a result of such reliance upon or compliance with such instructions or
directions. The Issuer agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the trustee, including, without limitation, the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and
the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Where the Indenture provides for notice to Holders, such notice shall be
sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder entitled thereto, at his last address as it appears in the Register (or, in the case of Global Securities, given in
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary). In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the
sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Where the Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver
shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver. 

In case, by reason of the suspension of or irregularities in regular mail service, it shall be impracticable to mail notice to the Issuer and
Holders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of the Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice. 

Holders may communicate pursuant to Section 312(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with other Holders with respect to their rights under this
Indenture or the Securities. The Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the protection of Section 312(c) of the Trust Indenture Act. 

43 

Section 10.05. Officers Certificates and Opinions of Counsel;
Statements to Be Contained Therein.Except as otherwise provided in the Indenture, upon any application or demand by the Issuer to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to
the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in the Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all
such conditions precedent have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or demand as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of the Indenture relating to such particular
application or demand, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished. 

Each certificate or opinion provided for in the Indenture
and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in the Indenture shall include (a) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition, (b) a
brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based, (c) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he has made such
examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such
condition or covenant has been complied with. 

Any certificate, statement or opinion of an officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as
it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate, report, or opinion of or representations or statements by counsel, unless such officer knows that the certificate, report, or opinion or representations or statements with respect to the matters upon
which his certificate, statement or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know that the same are erroneous. Any certificate, report, statement or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it
relates to factual matters, information with respect to which is in the possession of the Issuer, upon the certificate, statement or opinion of or representations by an officer or officers of the Issuer, unless such counsel knows that the
certificate, statement or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his, her or their certificate, statement or opinion or representations may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should
know that the same are erroneous. 

Any certificate, statement or opinion of an officer of the Issuer or Opinion of Counsel may be based,
insofar as it relates to accounting matters, upon a certificate, or report or opinion of or representations or statements by an accountant or firm of accountants in the employ of the Issuer, unless such officer or counsel, as the case may be, knows
that the certificate, report, or opinion or representations or statements with respect to the accounting matters upon which his, her or their certificate, statement or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable
care should know that the same are erroneous. 

Any certificate, report or opinion of any independent firm of public accountants filed with
the Trustee shall contain a statement that such firm is independent. 

44 

Section 10.06. Payments Due on Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays.Except as
provided pursuant to Section 2.01 pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors, and as set forth in an Officers Certificate, or established in one or more indentures supplemental to the Indenture, if the date of
maturity of interest on or principal of the Securities of any series or the date fixed for redemption or repayment of any such Security shall not be a Business Day, then payment of interest or principal need not be made on such date, but may be made
on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, and no interest shall accrue for the period after such date. 

Section 10.07. Trust Indenture Act of 1939.The Indenture shall incorporate and be governed by the provisions of the Trust
Indenture Act that are required to be part of and to govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 

Section 10.08.
Governing Law and Waiver of Jury Trial.The Indenture and each Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 10.09. Counterparts.The Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an
original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. This Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party only when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by
means of (i) any electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law,
including relevant provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (collectively, Signature Law); (ii) an original manual signature; or (iii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed,
scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no
liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Indenture may
be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. For avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution
or indorsement of writings when required under the Uniform Commercial Code or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 

Section 10.10. Effect of Headings.The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

Section 10.11. Separability.In case any one or more of the
provisions contained in the Indenture or in the Securities of any series shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect or impair any other
provisions of the Indenture or of such Securities, but the Indenture and such Securities shall be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein or therein. 

45 

Section 10.12. Force Majeure.In no event shall the Trustee be
responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, any provision of any present or future law
or regulation of any governmental authority, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, national emergency, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, disease, epidemic or pandemic, quarantine,
and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry
to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 10.13. U.S.A. Patriot Act.The parties
hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record
information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for
the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act. 

ARTICLE 11 

REDEMPTIONOF SECURITIESAND SINKING FUND
PROVISIONS

Section 11.01. Applicability of Article.The provisions of this Article shall be applicable
to the Securities of any series which are redeemable before their maturity or to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of a series except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 2.03 for Securities of
such series. 

Section 11.02. Notice of Redemption; Partial Redemptions.Notice of redemption to the Holders of any
series to be redeemed as a whole or in part at the option of the Issuer shall be given by mailing notice of such redemption by first class mail, postage prepaid or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the
Depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption to such Holders of such series at their last addresses as they shall appear upon the Register. Any notice which is mailed or transmitted
in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives the notice. Failure to give notice by mail or electronic delivery (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the
Depositarys procedures), or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Security of a series designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Security of such
series. 

46 

The notice of redemption to each such Holder shall specify the principal amount of each
Security of such series held by such Holder to be redeemed, the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price, the place or places of payment, any condition precedent to such redemption, that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of
such Securities, that interest accrued to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption will be paid as specified in such notice and that on and after said date (subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in the notice of
redemption) interest on the Securities to be redeemed or on the portions thereof to be redeemed will cease to accrue. In case any Security of a series is to be redeemed in part only the notice of redemption shall state the portion of the principal
amount thereof to be redeemed and shall state that, subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in the notice of redemption, on and after the date fixed for redemption, upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or
Securities of such series in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued. 

The notice of redemption of
Securities of any series to be redeemed shall be prepared and given by the Issuer or, at the Issuers request, prepared by the Issuer and given by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer; provided, however, that the Issuer
shall have delivered to the Trustee at least five Business Days prior to the date that such notice is to be delivered to Holders (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give
such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in the notice, as provided in the preceding paragraph. 

If less than all the
Securities of a series are to be redeemed, the Securities to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee deems appropriate and fair. Securities may be redeemed in part in multiples equal to the minimum
authorized denomination for Securities of such series or any multiple thereof. No Securities of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer in writing of the Securities of such series
selected for redemption and, in the case of any Securities of such series selected for partial redemption, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. For all purposes of the Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating
to the redemption of Securities of any series shall relate, in the case of any Security redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Security which has been or is to be redeemed. For so long as the
Securities are held by the Depositary, the redemption of the Securities shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary. 

Any notice of redemption may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including completion of a
refinancing transaction or other corporate transaction. In addition, if a redemption is subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, the Issuer may, in its discretion, delay the redemption date until such time as any or all such
conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so
delayed. The Issuer shall provide written notice to the Trustee prior to the close of business two Business Days prior to the redemption date if any such redemption has been rescinded or delayed, and upon receipt the Trustee shall provide such
notice to each Holder of the Securities in the same manner in which the notice of redemption was given. 

47 

At least one Business Day prior to the redemption date specified in the notice of redemption
given as provided in this Section, the Issuer will deposit with the Trustee or with one or more paying agents (or, if the Issuer is acting as its own paying agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in
Section 3.03) an amount of money sufficient to redeem on the redemption date all the Securities of such series so called for redemption at the appropriate redemption price, together with accrued interest to, but not
including, the date fixed for redemption. 

Section 11.03. Payment of Securities Called for Redemption. Subject, in each case,
to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in the notice of redemption, if notice of redemption has been given as above provided, the Securities or portions of Securities specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the
date and at the place stated in such notice at the applicable redemption price, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, and on and after said date (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of such Securities at the
redemption price, together with interest accrued to said date) interest on the Securities or portions of Securities so called for redemption shall cease to accrue and such Securities shall cease from and after the date fixed for redemption to be
entitled to any benefit or security under the Indenture, and the Holders thereof shall have no right in respect of such Securities except the right to receive the redemption price thereof and unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption. On
presentation and surrender of such Securities at a place of payment specified in said notice, subject, in each case, to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in said notice of redemption, said Securities or the specified portions
thereof shall be paid and redeemed by the Issuer at the applicable redemption price, together with interest accrued thereon to the date fixed for redemption; provided that any payment of interest becoming due on or before the date fixed for
redemption shall be payable to the Holders of such Securities registered as such on the relevant record date. 

If any Security called for
redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal shall, until paid or duly provided for, bear interest from the date fixed for redemption at the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of an Original
Issue Discount Security) borne by the Security. 

Upon presentation of any Security redeemed in part only, the Issuer shall execute and the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or on the order of the Holder thereof, at the expense of the Issuer, a new Security or Securities of such series, of authorized denominations, in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the
Security so presented. 

Section 11.04. Exclusion of Certain Securities from Eligibility for Selection for Redemption.Securities shall be excluded from eligibility for selection for redemption if they are identified by registration and certificate number in a written statement signed by an authorized officer of the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee at least
15 days prior to the last date on which notice of redemption may be given as being owned of record and beneficially by, and not pledged or hypothecated by either (a) the Issuer or (b) an entity specifically identified in such written
statement directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer. 

[Signature Page
Follows] 

48 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused the Indenture to be duly executed as of
the date set forth above. 

ADOBE INC.

as Issuer

by: 

/s/ Yulia Beck

Name: Yulia Beck

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY,

N.A.,
as Trustee

by: 

/s/ Corey J. Dahlstrand

Name: Corey J. Dahlstrand

Title: Vice President

49
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d856773dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

ADOBE INC. 

Officers Certificate 

January 17, 2025 

Reference is made to the Indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025 (the Indenture), by and between Adobe Inc. (the
Issuer) and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee). Pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Indenture, the undersigned officer does hereby certify, in connection with the
issuance by the Issuer of its $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes), its $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.950% Notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes) and its
$500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.300% Notes due 2035 (the 2035Notes and, together with the 2028 Notes and the 2030 Notes, the Notes), that the terms of the Notes are as follows: 

Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture. 

2028 Notes 

Title: 4.750% Notes due 2028

Issuer: Adobe Inc.

Trustee, Registrar, Authenticating Agent and Paying Agent: Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $800,000,000

Maturity Date: January 17, 2028

Interest Rate: 4.750% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: January 17, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: January 17 and July 17, commencing on July 17, 2025

Optional Redemption: Prior to the 2028 Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the 2028 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and
rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2028 Notes being redeemed,
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that the 2028 Notes being redeemed matured on the 2028 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the form of 2028 Notes attached hereto as Exhibit A), plus 5 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption;
and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes being redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the 2028
Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the
2028 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem such 2028 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the
2028 Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

2028
Par Call Date means December 17, 2027 (one month prior to the maturity date of the 2028 Notes).

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2028 Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2028 Notes attached hereto as Exhibit A and in the Indenture.

2030 Notes 

Title: 4.950% Notes due 2030

2 

Issuer: Adobe Inc.

Trustee, Registrar, Authenticating Agent and Paying Agent: Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $700,000,000

Maturity Date: January 17, 2030

Interest Rate: 4.950% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: January 17, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: January 17 and July 17, commencing on July 17, 2025

Optional Redemption: 

Prior to the 2030 Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the 2030 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and
from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2030 Notes being redeemed, discounted to the
redemption date (assuming that the 2030 Notes being redeemed matured on the 2030 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the form of 2030 Notes attached hereto as Exhibit B), plus 10 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of
redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes being
redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount
of the 2030 Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

3 

On or after the 2030 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem such 2030 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the 2030 Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

2030 Par Call Date means December 17, 2029 (one month prior to
the maturity date of the 2030 Notes).

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2030 Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2030 Notes attached hereto as Exhibit B and in the Indenture.

2035 Notes 

Title: 5.300% Notes due 2035

Issuer: Adobe Inc.

Trustee, Registrar, Authenticating Agent and Paying Agent: Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

Aggregate Principal Amount at Maturity: $500,000,000

Maturity Date: January 17, 2035

Interest Rate: 5.300% per annum

Date from which Interest will Accrue: January 17, 2025

Interest Payment Dates: January 17 and July 17, commencing on July 17, 2025

Optional Redemption: Prior to the 2035 Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the 2035 Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and
rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

4 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2035 Notes being redeemed,
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that the 2035 Notes being redeemed matured on the 2035 Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the form of 2035 Notes attached hereto as Exhibit C), plus 10 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption; and

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes being redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the 2035
Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

On or after the
2035 Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem such 2035 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2035 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the
2035 Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date.

2035 Par
Call Date means October 17, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of the 2035 Notes).

Conversion: None

Sinking Fund: None

Denominations: $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter

Miscellaneous: The terms of the 2035 Notes shall include such other terms as are set forth in the form of 2035 Notes attached hereto as Exhibit C and in the Indenture.

5 

Subject to the representations, warranties and covenants described in the Indenture, as
amended or supplemented from time to time, the Issuer shall be entitled, subject to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and an Officers Certificate, to issue additional notes from time to time (Additional
Notes), without the consent of Holders, under each series of Notes issued hereby. Any such Additional Notes shall have identical terms as the applicable series of Notes issued hereby, other than with respect to the date of issuance, the
issue price, the payment of interest accrued prior to the issue date of such Additional Notes and the first payment of interest following the issue date of such Additional Notes; provided that such Additional Notes will be fungible with the
applicable series of Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any Additional Notes will be issued in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture. 

Such Officer has read and understands the provisions of the Indenture and the definitions relating thereto. The statements made in this
Officers Certificate are based upon the examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Issuer. In such Officers opinion, such Officer has made such examination or investigation as is
necessary to enable such Officer to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions of such Indenture relating to the issuance, authentication and delivery of the Notes have been complied with. In such Officers
opinion, such covenants and conditions relating to the issuance, authentication and delivery of the Notes have been complied with. 

The
parties may sign any number of copies of this Officers Certificate (or any document executed in connection with this Officers Certificate, except for the Notes) by manual, facsimile or electronic signature. Each signed copy shall be an
original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. Signatures of the parties hereto with respect to the Notes and any other documents contemplated to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith transmitted by facsimile or
electronic (i.e., pdf or tif) transmission shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes of this Officers Certificate and may be used in lieu of the original. Each electronic signature or faxed,
scanned or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no
liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Trustee shall authenticate the Notes by manual signature and the Issuer shall execute the Notes by manual signature. 

[Signature page follows] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer of the Issuer has duly executed this certificate
as of the date first set forth above. 

ADOBE INC.

By: 

/s/ Yulia Beck

Name: Yulia Beck

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

Exhibit A 

[FORM OF NOTES DUE 2028] 

UNLESS
THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH
SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE
HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ADOBE INC. 

4.750% Notes due 2028 

No. 

CUSIP No.: 00724PAH2

ISIN No.: US00724PAH29

$[],000,000 

ADOBE INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered
assigns the principal sum of [] MILLION DOLLARS ($[],000,000) on January 17, 2028. 

Interest Payment Dates:
January 17 and July 17 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 17, 2025. 

Interest Record
Dates: January 2 and July 2 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of
this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by
its duly authorized officer. 

ADOBE INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: January 17, 2025 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

3 

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ADOBE INC. 

4.750% Notes due 2028

1. Interest. 

Adobe Inc.
(the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest
has been paid, from January 17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to, but not including, the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing July 17,
2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice
Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

2. Paying Agent. 

Initially, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent
without notice to the Holders. 

3. Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 4.750% Notes due 2028 (the Notes) issued under an indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025 (the
Base Indenture), by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers Certificate dated January 17, 2025, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture). This Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the
Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was
qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and
this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

4 

5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the
Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class), or with the consent of Holders of a majority of the Notes at the time Outstanding. Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties
thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things: cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA; make any change that does not adversely affect the
legal rights of the Holders in any material respect; or change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture, or to add any new provisions of the Indenture (provided, however, that any such change, elimination or addition shall not apply to
any Note then Outstanding on the date that such change, elimination or addition is effective). 

6. Redemption. 

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed,
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that the Notes being redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below), plus 5 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption; and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption
date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem such Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date. 

Par Call Date means December 17, 2027 (one month prior to the maturity date of the Notes). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

5 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the applicable Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date
equally distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the applicable Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with
a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury
securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the
bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

6 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee will not be responsible or liable for determining, confirming or verifying any of Issuers calculations, including the calculation of the Treasury Rate. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in
accordance with DTCs procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. At the Issuers request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the
Issuers name and at the Issuers expense; provided, however, that the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee at least 5 Business Days prior to the date that such notice is to be delivered (or such shorter period as is
acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in the notice. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the
redemption date (subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in the notice of redemption), interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed,
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee deems appropriate and fair. 

7.
Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the
Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then, unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, if a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received written notice of the Event of Default or
has obtained actual knowledge thereof, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of each series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) affected (each such series voting as a
single class), shall by written notice, declare the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, to be due and payable immediately. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect
to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes
may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received security or indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject
to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain
continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

8. Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

7 

9. Abbreviations. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

10. CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to
a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of
such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

11. Governing
Law and Waiver of Jury Trial. 

The Indenture and this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York. EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE
SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or
type assignees name, address and zip code)

(Insert
assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may
substitute another to act for him, her or them.

Date: 

Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your
name appears on the other side of this Note.

Signature

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be
guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following
such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

Exhibit B 

[FORM OF NOTES DUE 2030] 

UNLESS
THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH
SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE
HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ADOBE INC. 

4.950% Notes due 2030 

No. CUSIP No.: 00724PAJ8

ISIN No.: US00724PAJ84

$[],000,000

ADOBE INC., a Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to
CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of [] MILLION DOLLARS ($[],000,000) on January 17, 2030. 

Interest Payment Dates: January 17 and July 17 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 17,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 2 and July 2 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by
its duly authorized officer. 

ADOBE INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: January 17, 2025 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST

COMPANY, N.A.

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

3 

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ADOBE INC. 

4.950% Notes due 2030

12. Interest. 

Adobe Inc.
(the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest
has been paid, from January 17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to, but not including, the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing July 17,
2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice
Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

13. Paying Agent. 

Initially, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent
without notice to the Holders. 

14. Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 4.950% Notes due 2030 (the Notes) issued under an indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025 (the
Base Indenture), by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers Certificate dated January 17, 2025, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture). This Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the
Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was
qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and
this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

15. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

4 

16. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the
Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class), or with the consent of Holders of a majority of the Notes at the time Outstanding. Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties
thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things: cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA; make any change that does not adversely affect the
legal rights of the Holders in any material respect; or change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture, or to add any new provisions of the Indenture (provided, however, that any such change, elimination or addition shall not apply to
any Note then Outstanding on the date that such change, elimination or addition is effective). 

17. Redemption. 

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed,
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that the Notes being redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption; and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption
date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem such Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date. 

Par Call Date means December 17, 2029 (one month prior to the maturity date of the Notes). 

5 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on
interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the
following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as
yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent day that appear after such
time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any successor designation or publica 

tion) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any
successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date
to the applicable Par Call Date (the Remaining Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on
H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual
number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such
Treasury constant maturity from the redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer
published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States
Treasury securities with a maturity date equally distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the applicable Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select
the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities
meeting the criteria of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked
prices for such United States Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security
shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

6 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee will not be responsible or liable for determining, confirming or verifying any of Issuers calculations, including the calculation of the Treasury Rate. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in
accordance with DTCs procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. At the Issuers request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the
Issuers name and at the Issuers expense; provided, however, that the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee at least 5 Business Days prior to the date that such notice is to be delivered (or such shorter period as is
acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in the notice. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the
redemption date (subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in the notice of redemption), interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed,
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee deems appropriate and fair. 

18.
Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the
Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then, unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, if a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received written notice of the Event of Default or
has obtained actual knowledge thereof, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of each series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) affected (each such series voting as a
single class), shall by written notice, declare the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, to be due and payable immediately. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect
to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes
may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received security or indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject
to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain
continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

19. Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

7 

20. Abbreviations. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

21. CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to
a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of
such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

22. Governing
Law and Waiver of Jury Trial. 

The Indenture and this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York. EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE
SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or
tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute
another to act for him, her or them. 

Date: 

Your Signature: 

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature 

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of
Trustee

Exhibit C 

[FORM OF NOTES DUE 2035] 

UNLESS
THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH
SUCCESSORS NOMINEE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE. 

IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE
HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 

ADOBE INC. 

5.300% Notes due 2035 

No.
CUSIP No.: 00724PAK5 

ISIN No.: US00724PAK57 

$[],000,000 

ADOBE INC., a
Delaware corporation (the Issuer), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of [] MILLION DOLLARS ($[],000,000) on January 17, 2035. 

Interest Payment Dates: January 17 and July 17 (each, an Interest Payment Date), commencing on July 17,
2025. 

Interest Record Dates: January 2 and July 2 (each, an Interest Record Date). 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
this place. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by
its duly authorized officer. 

ADOBE INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

2 

This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the
within-mentioned Indenture. 

Dated: January 17, 2025 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A.

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

3 

(REVERSE OF NOTE) 

ADOBE INC. 

5.300% Notes due 2035

23. Interest. 

Adobe Inc.
(the Issuer) promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest
has been paid, from January 17, 2025. Interest on this Note will be paid to, but not including, the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing July 17,
2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice
Code. 

The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue
installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful. 

24. Paying Agent. 

Initially, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee) will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent
without notice to the Holders. 

25. Indenture; Defined Terms. 

This Note is one of the 5.300% Notes due 2035 (the Notes) issued under an indenture, dated as of January 17, 2025 (the
Base Indenture), by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers Certificate dated January 17, 2025, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture). This Note is a Security and the Notes are Securities under the Indenture. 

For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the
Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the TIA) as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was
qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and
this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern. 

26. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange. 

The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the
transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable
in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption,
nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part. 

4 

27. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any
existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the
Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class), or with the consent of Holders of a majority of the Notes at the time Outstanding. Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties
thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things: cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA; make any change that does not adversely affect the
legal rights of the Holders in any material respect; or change or eliminate any of the provisions of the Indenture, or to add any new provisions of the Indenture (provided, however, that any such change, elimination or addition shall not apply to
any Note then Outstanding on the date that such change, elimination or addition is effective). 

28. Redemption. 

Prior to the Par Call Date (as defined below), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time
to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of: 

(i) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed,
discounted to the redemption date (assuming that the Notes being redeemed matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve
30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points, less (b) interest accrued to, but not including, the date of redemption; and 

(ii) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, 

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption
date. 

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem such Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but not including, the redemption date. 

Par Call Date means October 17, 2034 (three months prior to the maturity date of the Notes). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a
redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 

5 

Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the yield
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs. 

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer after 4:15
p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields
for the most recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily)H.15 (or any
successor designation or publication) (H.15) under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption or heading) (H.15 TCM). In
determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the applicable Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yieldsone yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield
corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Lifeand shall interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding
the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For
purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date. 

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate
the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United States Treasury security maturing on, or
with a maturity that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing on the applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date
equally distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the applicable Par Call Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with
a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury
securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the
bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places. 

6 

The Issuers actions and determinations in determining the redemption price shall be
conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. The Trustee will not be responsible or liable for determining, confirming or verifying any of Issuers calculations, including the calculation of the Treasury Rate. 

Notice of any redemption will be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid or electronically delivered (or otherwise transmitted in
accordance with DTCs procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. At the Issuers request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in the
Issuers name and at the Issuers expense; provided, however, that the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee at least 5 Business Days prior to the date that such notice is to be delivered (or such shorter period as is
acceptable to the Trustee), an Officers Certificate requesting that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be stated in the notice. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the
redemption date (subject to the satisfaction of any conditions precedent provided in the notice of redemption), interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed,
the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee deems appropriate and fair. 

29.
Defaults and Remedies. 

If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the
Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then, unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, if a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has received written notice of the Event of Default or
has obtained actual knowledge thereof, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of each series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) affected (each such series voting as a
single class), shall by written notice, declare the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, to be due and payable immediately. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect
to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes
may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received security or indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject
to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then Outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain
continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. 

30. Authentication. 

This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note. 

7 

31. Abbreviations. 

Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (=
tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act). 

32. CUSIP Numbers. 

Pursuant to
a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of
such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon. 

33. Governing
Law and Waiver of Jury Trial. 

The Indenture and this Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York. EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE
SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

8 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Note, fill in the form below: 

I or we assign
and transfer this Note to 

(Print or type assignees name, address and zip code) 

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or
tax I.D. No.) 

and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may
substitute another to act for him, her or them. 

Date: Your Signature:

Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note. 

Signature

Signature Guarantee: 

Signature must be guaranteed 

Signature

Signatures must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to,
or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of decrease in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Amount of increase in

principal amount of this

Global
Note 

Principal amount of

this Global Note

following
such decrease

(or increase) 

Signature of authorized

officer of Trustee
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d856773dex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-5.1
<TEXT>
EX-5.1

Exhibit 5.1 

SKADDEN, ARPS, SLATE, MEAGHER & FLOMLLP

ONE MANHATTAN WEST 

NEW YORK,
NY 10001 

TEL: (212) 735-3000

FAX: (212) 735-2000

www.skadden.com 

FIRM/AFFILIATE OFFICES

-

BOSTON

CHICAGO

HOUSTON

LOS ANGELES

PALO ALTO

WASHINGTON, D.C.

WILMINGTON

-

ABU
DHABI

BEIJING

BRUSSELS

FRANKFURT

HONG KONG

LONDON

MUNICH

PARIS

SO PAULO

SEOUL

SINGAPORE

TOKYO

TORONTO

January 17, 2025 

Adobe Inc. 

345 Park Avenue 

San Jose, California 95110 

Re: 

Adobe Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-284258)

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

We have acted as special United States counsel to Adobe Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the
Companys public offering of $800,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.750% Notes due 2028, $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.950% Notes due 2030 and $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.300% Notes due 2035 (collectively,
the Securities) to be issued under the Indenture, dated as of the date hereof (the Indenture), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee). 

This opinion is being furnished in accordance with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation
S-K under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act). 

Adobe Inc. 

January 17, 2025 

Page
2

In rendering the opinions stated herein, we have examined and relied upon the following: 

(a) the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-284258) of the Company relating to the
Securities and other securities of the Company filed on January 13, 2025 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), under the Securities Act allowing for delayed offerings pursuant to Rule 415 of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act (the Rules and Regulations), including the information deemed to be a part of the registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B of the Rules and Regulations (such registration
statement being hereinafter referred to as the Registration Statement); 

(b) the prospectus, dated January 13,
2025 (the Base Prospectus), which forms a part of and is included in the Registration Statement; 

(c) the preliminary
prospectus supplement, dated January 14, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Securities, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the
Rules and Regulations; 

(d) the prospectus supplement, dated January 14, 2025 (together with the Base Prospectus, the
Prospectus), relating to the offering of the Securities, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations; 

(e) an executed copy of the Underwriting Agreement, dated January 14, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among the
Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., SG Americas Securities, LLC, U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several Underwriters named therein (the
Underwriters), relating to the sale by the Company to the Underwriters of the Securities; 

(f) an executed copy of the
Indenture; 

(g) an executed copy of a certificate of the Companys Treasurer, dated the date hereof, setting forth the terms of the
Securities (the Indenture Officers Certificate); 

(h) the global certificates evidencing the Securities, executed by the
Company and registered in the name of Cede & Co. (the Note Certificates), delivered by the Company to the Trustee for authentication and delivery; 

(i) an executed copy of a certificate of the Companys Assistant Secretary, dated the date hereof (the Secretarys
Certificate); 

(j) a copy of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, as in effect as of the date
hereof and since October 8, 2018, certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as of January 13, 2025, and certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; 

Adobe Inc. 

January 17, 2025 

Page
3

(k) a copy of the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, as in effect as of the date
hereof and since January 13, 2022, certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate; and 

(l) copies of certain resolutions of
the Board of Directors of the Company, adopted on March 13, 2024 and at a meeting of the Board of Directors held on January 8-9, 2025, certified pursuant to the Secretarys Certificate. 

We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such records of the Company and such
agreements, certificates and receipts of public officials, certificates of officers or other representatives of the Company and others, and such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate as a basis for the opinions stated below.

In our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, including electronic signatures, the legal capacity and competency
of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as facsimile, electronic, certified or photocopied copies, and the authenticity of the
originals of such copies. As to any facts relevant to the opinions stated herein that we did not independently establish or verify, we have relied upon statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company and others
and of public officials, including the facts and conclusions set forth in the Secretarys Certificate and the factual representations and warranties contained in the Underwriting Agreement. 

We do not express any opinion with respect to the laws of any jurisdiction other than (i) the laws of the State of New York and
(ii) the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL) (all of the foregoing being referred to as Opined-on Law). 

As used herein, Transaction Documents means the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Note Certificates. 

Based upon the foregoing and subject to the qualifications and assumptions stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Note Certificates
have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the part of the Company and duly executed by the Company under the DGCL and when duly authenticated by the Trustee and issued and delivered by the Company against payment therefor in
accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and the Indenture, the Note Certificates will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms under the laws of the State
of New York. 

The opinions stated herein are subject to the following assumptions and qualifications: 

(a) we do not express any opinion with respect to the effect on the opinions stated herein of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium, fraudulent transfer, preference and other similar laws or governmental orders affecting creditors rights generally, and the opinions stated herein are limited by such laws and governmental orders and by general principles of equity
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law); 

Adobe Inc. 

January 17, 2025 

Page
4

(b) we do not express any opinion with respect to any law, rule or regulation that is
applicable to any party to any of the Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable to any such party or any of its affiliates as a result of the
specific assets or business operations of such party or such affiliates; 

(c) except to the extent expressly stated in the opinions
contained herein, we have assumed that each of the Transaction Documents constitutes the valid and binding obligation of each party to such Transaction Document, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms; 

(d) we do not express any opinion with respect to the enforceability of any provision contained in any Transaction Document relating to any
indemnification, contribution, non-reliance, exculpation, release, limitation or exclusion of remedies, waiver or other provisions having similar effect that may be contrary to public policy or violative of
federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, or to the extent any such provision purports to waive or alter, or has the effect of waiving or altering, any statute of limitations; 

(e) we do not express any opinion whether the execution or delivery of any Transaction Document by the Company, or the performance by the
Company of its obligations under any Transaction Document will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any covenant, restriction or provision with respect to financial ratios or tests or any aspect of the financial condition or results of
operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; 

(f) the opinions stated herein are limited to the agreements and documents
specifically identified in the opinions contained herein (the Specified Documents) without regard to any agreement or other document referenced in any such Specified Document (including agreements or other documents incorporated
by reference or attached or annexed thereto) and without regard to any other agreement or document relating to any such Specified Document that is not a Transaction Document; 

(g) subsequent to the effectiveness of the Indenture and immediately prior to the issuance of the Notes Certificates, the Indenture has not
been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified in any way that affects or relates to the Notes Certificates other than by the Indenture Officers Certificate; and 

(h) to the extent that any opinion relates to the enforceability of the choice of New York law and choice of New York forum provisions
contained in any Transaction Document, the opinions stated herein are subject to the qualification that such enforceability may be subject to, in each case, (i) the exceptions and limitations in New York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 and (ii) principles of comity and constitutionality. 

Adobe Inc. 

January 17, 2025 

Page
5

In addition, in rendering the foregoing opinions we have also assumed that, at all applicable
times: 

(a) neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its
obligations under the Transaction Documents, including the issuance and sale of the Securities: (i) constituted or will constitute a violation of, or a default under, any lease, indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Company or
its property is subject (except that we do not make the assumption set forth in this clause (i) with respect to those agreements or instruments expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York which are listed in Part II of the
Registration Statement or the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 29, 2024), (ii) contravened or will contravene any order or decree of any governmental authority to
which the Company or its property is subject, or (iii) violated or will violate any law, rule or regulation to which the Company or its property is subject (except that we do not make the assumption set forth in this clause (iii) with
respect to Opined-on Law); and 

(b) neither the execution and delivery by the Company of the
Transaction Documents nor the performance by the Company of its obligations thereunder, including the issuance and sale of the Securities, required or will require the consent, approval, licensing or authorization of, or any filing, recording or
registration with, any governmental authority under any law, rule or regulation of any jurisdiction. 

We hereby consent to the reference
to our firm under the heading Legal Matters in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of
the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations. We also hereby consent to the filing of this opinion with the Commission as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K being filed on the date
hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. This opinion is expressed as of the date hereof unless otherwise expressly stated, and we disclaim any undertaking to advise you of any subsequent changes in the facts stated or
assumed herein or of any subsequent changes in applicable laws. 

Very truly yours,

/s/ Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>adbe-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>adbe-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>adbe-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000796343

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ADOBE INC.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 0-15175

Entity Tax Identification Number 77-0019522

Entity Address, Address Line One 345 Park Avenue

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95110-2704

City Area Code (408)

Local Phone Number 536-6000

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol ADBE

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://adobe.com//20250114/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

adbe-20250114.xsd 
adbe-20250114_lab.xml 
adbe-20250114_pre.xml 
d856773d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-008409-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>d856773d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000796343 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

false 
0000796343 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
ADOBE INC. 
DE 
0-15175 
77-0019522 
345 Park Avenue 
San Jose 
CA 
95110-2704 
(408) 
536-6000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
ADBE 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>