<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001539497-25-001179.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001539497-25-001179.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421160536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001539497-25-001179
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001512228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41655
		FILM NUMBER:		25853165

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 S. YOSEMITE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 115
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-639-4647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7000 S. YOSEMITE STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 115
		CITY:			CENTENNIAL
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUANTUM RARE EARTH DEVELOPMENTS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>n2574_x260-8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001512228A100015122282025-04-172025-04-170001512228NB:CommonSharesWithoutParValueMember2025-04-172025-04-170001512228NB:WarrantsEachExercisableFor1.11829212CommonSharesMember2025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): April 17, 2025

NioCorp Developments Ltd.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

British Columbia, Canada

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 001-41655

(Commission File Number) 98-1262185

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115

Centennial, Colorado80112

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area
code: (720)334-7066

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares, without par value NB The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares NIOBW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Underwriting Agreement

On April 17, 2025, NioCorp Developments Ltd.
(the Company) entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Maxim Group LLC, as
underwriter (the Underwriter), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Underwriter in a public offering
registered under the Securities Act (as defined below) (the Offering) (i) 6,628,846 common shares, without par value, of
the Company (Common Shares) at a public offering price of $2.60 per Common Share, less the Underwriters discount
of $0.182 per Common Share and (ii) 1,063,462 pre-funded Common Share purchase warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase
up to an additional 1,063,462 Common Shares at a public offering price of $2.5999, less the Underwriters discount of $0.182. The
Offering closed on April 21, 2025.

Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement,
the Company granted the Underwriter a 30-day over-allotment option to purchase up to 1,153,846 Common Shares, which may be exercised by
the Underwriter in whole or in part at any time on one, but not more than one, occasion. On April 17, 2025, the Underwriter partially
exercised its over-allotment option to purchase an additional 323,504 Common Shares.

Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for one
Common Share at a price per Common Share of $0.0001. The Pre-Funded Warrants may be exercised at any time on or after the date of issuance
and do not have an expiration date. The Pre-Funded Warrants contain provisions that prohibit exercise if the holder, together with its
affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such
exercise. A holder of Pre-Funded Warrants may increase or decrease this percentage to a percentage not in excess of 9.99% by providing
notice to the Company, which increase will not be effective until at least 61 days following such notice. Pre-Funded Warrant holders will
not have the rights or privileges of a holder of Common Shares with respect to the Common Shares underlying such Pre-Funded Warrants,
including any voting rights, until the holder exercises such Pre-Funded Warrants. There is no established trading market for the Pre-Funded
Warrants and the Company does not expect a market to develop. In addition, the Company does not intend to apply for the listing of the
Pre-Funded Warrants on any national securities exchange or other trading market.

The Underwriting Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants made by the Company. It also provides customary indemnification by each of the Company and the
Underwriter, severally and not jointly, for losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the Offering, including for liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter
will have a right of first refusal to act as sole managing underwriter and sole book runner, sole placement agent, or sole sales agent,
for any and all future public or private equity, equity-linked or convertible debt offerings for which the Company retains the services
of an underwriter, agent, advisor or finder until November 14, 2025.

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Companys executive officers and directors entered into lock-up agreements in substantially the form included as
an exhibit to the Underwriting Agreement, providing for a 90-day lock-up period with respect to sales of Common Shares and
securities that are exchange or exercisable for Common Shares, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, subject to certain exceptions,
the Company has agreed, (i) for a period of 90 days following the date of the closing of the Offering, not to, and to cause our subsidiaries
not to, issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Shares or any securities
that are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, Common Shares and (ii) for a period of 90 days following the date of the
closing of the Offering, issue any securities that are subject to a price reset based on the trading prices of our Common Shares or upon
a specified or contingent event in the future, or enter into any agreement to issue securities at a future determined price. The foregoing
restrictions may be waived by the Underwriter at its discretion.

The Offering was made pursuant to the Companys
effective registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280176) (the Registration Statement), which was filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 13, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on June 27, 2024, as supplemented
by a prospectus supplement, dated April 17, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 18, 2025.

The net proceeds from the Offering, including
the partial exercise of the Underwriters over-allotment option, were approximately $18.9 million, after deducting underwriting
discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses but before giving effect to the exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants.

The foregoing description of the Underwriting
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Pre-Funded Warrants is qualified
in its entirety by the full text of the Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on
Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On April 21, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K
and is incorporated herein by reference. Such exhibit and the information set forth therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities
of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

In connection with the Offering, the Company
is filing herewith the following exhibits to the Registration Statement:

1. the Underwriting Agreement;

2. Form of Pre-Funded Warrant;

3. Opinion of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP;

4. Opinion of Jones Day;

5. Consent of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP; and

6. Consent of Jones Day.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Number Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2025, by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and Maxim Group LLC

4.1 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

5.1 Opinion of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP

5.2 Opinion of Jones Day

23.1 Consent of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

23.2 Consent of Jones Day (included in Exhibit 5.2)

99.1 Press Release, dated April 21, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

signatures

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: April 21, 2025

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

By: /s/ Neal S. Shah

Name: Neal S. Shah

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh1-1_ua.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF APRIL 17, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

6,628,846 Common
SHARES 

AND

1,063,462
PRE-FUNDED Warrants to purchase common shares

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

April 17, 2025

Maxim Group LLC

As the Representative of the

Several underwriters, if any, named in Schedule 1 hereto

c/o Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, NioCorp Developments
Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (Company), hereby confirms its agreement
(this Agreement) with the several underwriters (such underwriters, including the Representative (as defined herein),
the Underwriters and each an Underwriter) named in Schedule I hereto for which Maxim
Group LLC is acting as representative to the several Underwriters (the Representative and if there are no Underwriters
other than the Representative, references to multiple Underwriters shall be disregarded and the term Representative as used herein shall
have the same meaning as Underwriter) on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

It is understood that the
several Underwriters are to make a public offering of the Public Securities (as defined herein) as soon as the Representative deems it
advisable to do so. The Public Securities are to be initially offered to the public at the public offering price set forth on Schedule
II hereto. The parties shall take all steps required to ensure compliance, to the greatest extent possible, with Section 2.1 of Ontario
Securities Commission Rule 72-503 Distributions Outside Canada (OSC Rule 72-503). For greater certainty,
the Company and the Underwriters agree that none of the Securities (as defined herein) shall be distributed to residents of Canada under
the Offering (as defined herein).

It
is further understood that you will act as the Representative for the Underwriters in the offering and sale of the Closing Securities
(as defined herein) and, if any, the Option Shares (as defined herein) in
accordance with this Agreement.

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS

1.1Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes
of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Aboriginal
Claim shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(vv)(i).

Aboriginal
Peoples shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(vv)(i).

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(k).

Affiliate
means with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Applicable
Time means 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date of this Agreement.

Base Prospectus
means the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement at the time of initial effectiveness thereof.

Board of
Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized
or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee
or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority
so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
open for use by customers on such day.

Canadian
Disclosure Records means, collectively, all of the documentation which has been filed by or on behalf of the Company during
the two-year period preceding the date hereof on SEDAR+ with the Canadian Securities Commissions, pursuant to the requirements of applicable
Canadian Securities Laws, including all material change reports (excluding any confidential material change report), prospectuses, financial
statements and Technical Reports of the Company.

Canadian
Jurisdiction means each of Alberta, British Columbia, New Brunswick, Ontario and Saskatchewan.

Canadian
Securities Commissions means, collectively, the applicable securities commission or equivalent regulatory authority in each
of the Canadian Jurisdictions.

Canadian
Securities Laws means the applicable rules and regulations under such laws, together with applicable published national, multilateral
and local policy statements, instruments, notices and blanket orders of the securities regulatory authorities in each of the Canadian
Jurisdictions.

CIRO
means the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Closing Securities pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the hour and the date on the Trading Day on which all conditions precedent to (i) the Underwriters obligations
to pay the Closing Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Closing Securities, in each case, have been
satisfied or waived, but in no event later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the next Trading Day (or second (2nd) Trading Day if
this Agreement is executed after 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) but

prior to 11:59 p.m. (New York City time))
following the date hereof or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company.

Closing
Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Closing
Securities shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a)(ii).

Closing
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(a)(i).

Commissions
means (i) the SEC and (ii) the Canadian Securities Commissions.

Common
Shares means the common shares of the Company, with no par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Company
Auditor means the Companys current independent registered accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, with offices located
at 1601 Wewatta Street, Suite 400, Denver, CO 80203.

Company
Canadian Counsel means Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP, with offices located at 3500 - 1133 Melville Street, Vancouver, BC
V6E 4E5.

Company
Former Auditor means the Companys former independent registered accounting firm, BDO USA, P.C., with offices located
at 221 N. Wall Street, Suite 400, Spokane, WA 99201.

Company
Mining Rights means all mining concessions, claims, leases, licenses, permits, options, mines, millsites, tunnel sites, surface
rights, access rights, water rights and other real property rights and interests to the extent related to the exploration for, exploitation,
development, mining or production of minerals and all applications therefor, owned or controlled, in whole or in part, by the Company
or the Subsidiaries.

Company
Nebraska Counsel means Morrissey, Morrissey & Dalluge, with offices located at 177 South 3rd Street, P.O. Box 597, Tecumseh,
NE 68450.

Company
U.S. Counsel means Jones Day, with offices located at 901 Lakeside Avenue, Cleveland, OH 44114.

DTC
means The Depository Trust Company.

Effective
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f).

EGS
means Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, with offices located at 1345 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10105.

Elk Creek
Project means the Elk Creek Project located in southeast Nebraska.

Exchange Act
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules

and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Execution
Date means the date on which the parties execute and enter into this Agreement.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) Common Shares, options, restricted share units or other equity awards to employees, consultants,
contractors, advisors, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any equity plan or arrangement duly adopted for such purpose by
the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services
rendered to the Company, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities issued hereunder and/or any other
securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Common Shares issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided
that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the
exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities (other than in connection
with stock splits or combinations), (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of
the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined
in Rule 144) and carry no registration rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith
within ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders
of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with
the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not
include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary
business is investing in securities, (d) any issuance by a Subsidiary to the Company and (e) after thirty (30) days after the Closing
Date, the issuance of Common Shares pursuant to any advance under that certain Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2023,
as amended, by and between the Company and YA II PN, Ltd. (the SEPA).

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

FINRA
means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

General
Disclosure Package means the Base Prospectus, as amended and supplemented by the most recently filed Preliminary Prospectus
immediately prior to the Applicable Time, any Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, and the information
included on Schedule II hereto, all considered together.

Indebtedness
means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed for borrowed money in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable
incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness
of others in excess of $50,000, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or
the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the
ordinary course of business; and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized
in accordance with GAAP.

Liens
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal,

preemptive right or other restriction
(other than restrictions imposed by operation of applicable securities laws).

Lock-Up
Agreements means the lock-up agreements that are delivered on the date hereof by each of the Companys officers and directors,
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect means (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document,
(ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the
Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in any material
respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document; provided that a change in the market price or trading volume
of the Common Shares alone and not as a result of any of (i), (ii) or (iii) above, shall not be deemed, in and of itself, to constitute
a Material Adverse Effect.

Material
Properties means the property located near Elk Creek, Nebraska on which the Company is executing the Elk Creek Project as described
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

NI 43-101
means National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators.

Offering
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(c).

Option
Closing Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(c).

Option
Closing Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(b).

Option
Shares shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Over-Allotment
Option shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.2(a).

Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.2(d).

Permitted
Lien means any Lien (i) for taxes or governmental assessments, charges or claims of payment not yet due, being contested in
good faith or for which adequate accruals or reserves have been established on the most recent consolidated balance sheet included in
the Companys financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, (ii)
which is a carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other similar Lien arising
in the ordinary course of business and which relate to obligations not due or delinquent, or the validity of which are being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and as to which reserves have been established on the most recent consolidated balance sheet
included in the Companys financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus,
(iii) which is disclosed on the most recent balance sheet included in the balance sheet or notes thereto or securing liabilities reflected
on such balance sheet, (iv) which is incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment
insurance and other types of social security or to secure the performance of tenders, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds,
bids, leases, government contracts, performance and return of money bonds and similar obligations

(including letters of credit in lieu
of any such bonds or to support the issuance thereof), (v) which is any zoning, building or other similar code or regulation not violated
by the current use or occupancy of any assets to which they relate in the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries as currently conducted,
(vi) which constitutes any easement, right-of-way, covenant, restriction or other similar matters affecting title to the owned real property
and leased real property that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the continued use,
occupancy, and operation of the assets to which they relate in the business of the Company as currently conducted, (vii) which is a Lien
arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to bankers liens, rights of setoff, or similar rights,
(viii) which is a Lien arising by operation of law for amounts not yet due, or (ix) which is any interest or title of a lessor under any
leases or subleases entered into by the Company in the ordinary course of business.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Pre-Funded
Warrants means the pre-funded Common Share purchase warrants, each exercisable into one (1) Common Share at an exercise price
of $0.0001, subject to adjustment as provided by their terms, delivered to the Underwriters at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.1(a)(ii) hereof, which Pre-Funded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately from the Closing Date and at any time thereafter, in the
form of Exhibit B attached hereto.

Pre-Funded
Warrant Purchase Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

Preliminary
Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Securities and filed with the SEC pursuant to
Rule 424(b), together with the Prospectus and any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

Prospectus
means the Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus relating to the Public Securities and filed with the
SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b).

Public
Securities means, collectively, the Closing Securities and, if any, the Option Shares.

Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File No.
333-280176) with respect to the Public Securities, each as amended as of the date hereof, including all exhibits filed with or incorporated
by reference into such registration statement, and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement and the information contained in the
Prospectus and deemed by virtue of Rule 430B under the Securities Act to be part of such registration statement at the time it became
effective.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Public Securities, which
was filed with the SEC on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by the SEC
pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(i).

Securities
means the Closing Securities, the Option Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Purchase
Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 2.1(b).

Shares
means, collectively, the Common Shares delivered to the Underwriters in accordance with Section 2.1(a)(i) and Section 2.2(a).

S-K 1300
means subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of the Company.

Technical
Report has the meaning ascribed to that term in NI 43-101.

Technical
Report Summary means the technical report summary prepared in accordance with the requirements of S-K 1300, titled Technical
Report Summary, Elk Creek Project, Nebraska, with an effective date of June 30, 2022 and filed with the Commission as an exhibit
to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQX or OTCQB (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants, and the Lock-Up Agreements.

Transfer
Agent means Computershare Investor Services Inc., with offices located at 510 Burrard Street, 3rd Floor, Vancouver, BC V6C
3B9, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

ARTICLE II. 

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1Closing. 

(a)Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell in the
aggregate 6,628,846 Common Shares and 1,063,462 Pre-Funded Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 1,063,462 Common Shares, and each
Underwriter agrees to purchase, severally and not jointly, at the Closing, the following securities of the Company:

(i)the
number of Common Shares (the Closing Shares) set forth opposite the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I
hereof; and

(ii)Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to the number of Common Shares set forth opposite the name of
such Underwriter on Schedule I hereof (collectively with the Closing Shares, the Closing Securities). 

(b)The aggregate purchase price to be paid by the Underwriters for the Closing Securities shall be equal
to the sum of (i) the product of the Share Purchase Price (as defined below) multiplied by the number of Closing Shares to be purchased
by the Underwriters pursuant to Section 2.1(a), plus (ii) the product of the Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price (as defined below) multiplied
by the number of Pre-Funded Warrants to be purchased by the Underwriters pursuant to Section 2.1(a), net of the underwriting discounts
and commissions payable to the Underwriters (the Closing Purchase Price). The purchase price for one Closing Share
shall be in the amount as set forth on Schedule II hereto (the Share Purchase Price). The purchase price for
one Pre-Funded Warrant shall be equal to the Share Purchase Price minus $0.0001 (the Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price);
and

(c)On the Closing Date, each Underwriter shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, via
wire transfer, immediately available funds equal to such Underwriters portion of the Closing Purchase Price set forth opposite
the name of such Underwriter on Schedule I hereto, and following the receipt by the Company thereof, the Company shall deliver
to, or as directed by, such Underwriter its respective Closing Securities, and the Company shall deliver the other items required pursuant
to Section 2.3 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.3 and 2.4, the Closing
shall occur at the offices of EGS or such other location as the Company and Representative shall mutually agree. The Public Securities
are to be offered initially to the public at the offering price set forth on Schedule II hereto (the Offering).

(d)The Company acknowledges and agrees that, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise (as defined in
the Pre-Funded Warrants) delivered by a Holder (as defined in the Pre-Funded Warrants) on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Closing Date, which Notice(s) of Exercise may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company
shall deliver the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) to the Holder on the first Trading Day after the Closing Date and
such Trading Day shall be the date the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares are delivered to the Holder. The Company acknowledges and agrees that
the Holders are third-party beneficiaries of this covenant of the Company. 

2.2Over-Allotment Option. 

(a)For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the

distribution and sale of the Closing
Securities, the Underwriters are hereby granted an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase, in the aggregate,
up to 1,153,846 Common Shares (the Option Shares) at the Share Purchase Price.

(b)In
connection with an exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the purchase price to be paid for the Option Shares is equal to the product
of the Share Purchase Price multiplied by the number of Option Shares to be purchased (the aggregate purchase price to be paid on the
Option Closing Date, the Option Closing Purchase Price).

(c)The
Over-Allotment Option granted pursuant to this Section 2.2 may be exercised by the Representative in whole or in part at any time on
one, but not more than one, occasion within 30 days after the Execution Date. An Underwriter will not be under any obligation to purchase
any Option Shares prior to the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option by the Representative. The Over-Allotment Option granted hereby
may be exercised by the giving of oral notice to the Company from the Representative, which must be confirmed in writing by overnight
mail or other electronic transmission setting forth the number of Option Shares to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of
and payment for the Option Shares (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than one (1) full Business
Day after the date of the notice, confirmed in writing, or such other time as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative,
at the offices of EGS or at such other place (including remotely by other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company
and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Shares does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date
will be as set forth in the notice pursuant to the prior sentence. Upon exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, the Company will become
obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated
to purchase, the number of Option Shares specified in such notice. The Representative may cancel the Over-Allotment Option at any time
prior to the expiration of the Over-Allotment Option by written notice to the Company.

2.3Deliveries. The Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Underwriter (if applicable)
the following:

(i)At the Closing Date, the Closing Shares and, as to the Option Closing Date, if any, the applicable
Option Shares, which Shares shall be delivered through the facilities of DTC for the accounts of the several Underwriters;

(ii)At the Closing Date, Pre-Funded Warrants registered in the names requested by the Representative
to purchase up to 1,063,462 Common Shares;

(iii)At the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (A) a legal opinion of Company U.S. Counsel
addressed to the Underwriters, including, without limitation, a negative assurance letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Representative, (B) a legal opinion of Company Canadian Counsel addressed to the Underwriters in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Representative and (C) a title opinion, dated on or prior to the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Representative, from Company Nebraska Counsel as to title matters in respect of the Material Properties;

(iv)On
the date hereof, cold comfort letters, each addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative,
from (A) the Company Auditor and (B) the Company Former Auditor, each dated as of the date of this Agreement; and on the Closing
Date and on the Option Closing Date, if any, bring-down letters each addressed to the Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Representative, from (A) the

Company Auditor and (B) the Company Former
Auditor, each dated as of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable;

(v)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;On the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date, if any, a certificate executed by an officer of the Company, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(vi)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;On the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date, if any, a certificate executed by the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative;

(vii)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;On the Closing Date and on the Option Closing Date, if any, a certificate executed by the Corporate Secretary of the Company, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative; and

(viii)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Contemporaneously herewith, the duly executed and delivered Lock-Up Agreements.

2.4Closing Conditions. The respective obligations of each Underwriter hereunder in connection
with the Closing and the Option Closing Date are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the date in question (other than representations and warranties of the Company
already qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) of the representations and warranties of the Company
contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein);

(ii)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the date in question shall have been
performed; 

(iii)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;the delivery by the Company of the items required by Section 2.3 of this Agreement to be delivered at or prior to the date in question;

(iv)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;the Registration Statement shall be effective on the Execution Date and at each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any,
no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been instituted or shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, contemplated by the SEC, and any request on the part of
the SEC for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative;

(v)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Intentionally omitted;

(vi)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;the Company shall have submitted any required Listing of Additional Shares notification forms with the Trading Market and shall have
received no objection from the Trading Market; and

(vii)&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;subsequent to the Execution Date and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any: (i) there shall have been
no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change, not set forth in or contemplated in the Registration
Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or
otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus; (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or, to the

knowledge of the Company, threatened
against the Company or any Affiliate of the Company before or by any court or federal, state, or provincial commission, board or other
administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the
business, operations, prospects or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus; (iii) the Company shall not have incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct
or contingent, nor shall it have entered into any material transactions not in the ordinary course of business, other than pursuant to
this Agreement and the transactions referred to herein, in each case except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus; (iv) the Company shall not have paid or declared any dividends or other distributions of any kind on any
class of its shares; (v) the Company shall not have altered its method of accounting in any material respect from that used in the preparation
of the latest audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus,
and (vi) the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain
all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder
and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act, and neither the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the General
Disclosure Package and Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

ARTICLE III. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the
Underwriters as of the Execution Date, as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing Date, if any, as follows:

(a)Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in
the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the
General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all
of the equity interests of its Subsidiaries, free and clear of any Lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal
or other restriction, and all the equity interests of the Subsidiaries are validly issued and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of
preemptive and similar rights. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus,
no Subsidiary is currently prohibited, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company, from making any other distribution
on such Subsidiarys capital stock, from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such Subsidiary from the Company or from
transferring any of such Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.

(b)Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly
incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing or subsisting (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize the concept of good standing and

subsisting) as a foreign corporation
or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect, and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke,
limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which the
Company is a party and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery by the Company of this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the
Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with
the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery
will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the
valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law.

(d)No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and
all other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys articles,
as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the Articles), or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, articles, by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, violate, or, constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or
similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility,
debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary
is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals,
conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court
or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal, state and provincial securities laws and
regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses
(ii) and (iii), such as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver,
authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, provincial,
local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, other than: (i) the filing with the SEC of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus,
the Prospectus and a Current Report on Form

8-K, (ii) the notice and/or applications
the principal Trading Market for the listing of the Shares, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities
laws (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f)Registration Statement. The Company has filed with the SEC the Registration Statement under
the Securities Act, which became effective on June 27, 2024 (the Effective Date), for the registration under the
Securities Act of certain securities of the Company, including the Securities. At the time of such filing, the Company met the requirements
of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under the Securities
Act and complies with said Rule, and the Prospectus will meet the requirements set forth in Rule 424(b). The Company is eligible to use
Form S-3 under the Securities Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B.1 of Form S-3. The
Company has advised the Representative of all further information (financial and other) with respect to the Company required to be set
forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus. Any reference in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 which were filed under the Exchange Act, on or before the date of this Agreement,
or the issue date of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be; and any reference in this Agreement to the terms
amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus,
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus, shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document
under the Exchange Act after the date of this Agreement, or the issue date of the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case
may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference. All references in this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other
information which is contained, included, described, referenced, set forth
or stated in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus , the Prospectus Supplement or
the Prospectus (and all other references of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules
and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus, as the case may be. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or the use of the Base Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or the Prospectus has been issued,
and no proceeding for any such purpose is pending or has been initiated or, to the Company's knowledge, is threatened by the SEC. For
purposes of this Agreement, free writing prospectus has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act.
The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Representative, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.

(g)Issuance of Securities. The Public Securities are duly authorized. When issued and delivered
to, and paid for by, the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Closing Shares and the Option Shares will be
duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company. When issued and delivered to,
and paid for by, the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants will be duly and validly issued,
and will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law. The Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, when issued and delivered upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants and
delivered by the Company against payment of the exercise

price thereof in accordance with the terms
of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company.
The Company has reserved from its duly authorized share capital the maximum number of Common Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement
and upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Public Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders
of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. All corporate action required to be taken for the
authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Public Securities conform in all material
respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement.

(h)Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The Company has not issued any share capital since its most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys equity plans, the
issuance of Common Shares to employees pursuant to the Companys employee share purchase plans, pursuant to the conversion and/or
exercise of Common Share Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act, pursuant
to the SEPA, and pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and between the Company and the Representative.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, no Person has any right of first
refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any Common
Shares or shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or
any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents or shares of capital stock of any
Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Public Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue Common Shares or other
securities to any Person (other than the Underwriters) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the
exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision
that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, there are no
outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are
no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security
of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any share appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements
or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
and to the knowledge of the Company, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding
shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. The authorized shares
of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the Companys securities were at all relevant times either registered
under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities, Blue Sky laws, or qualified for distribution in Canada under Canadian Securities
Laws, or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers, exempt from such registration or prospectus requirements.
No

further approval or authorization of
any shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Public Securities. There are no shareholders
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys share capital to which the Company is a
party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

(i)SEC Reports; Canadian Disclosure Records; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the applicable Canadian Securities
Laws for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such
material) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such materials prior to the expiration
of any such extension. Except for the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2023 (the
Q3 2023 10-Q), the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years
preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing
materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the
SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC
Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. Except as disclosed in the Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A to the Companys
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (the FY2022 Form 10-K/A), the Amendment No. 1
on Form 10-Q/A to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 (the Q1
2023 Form 10-Q/A), the Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A to the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended December 31, 2022 (the Q2 2023 Form 10-Q/A), the Q3 2023 Form 10-Q and the Companys Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (together with the FY2022 Form 10-K/A, the Q1 2023 Form 10-Q/A, the Q2 2023 Form
10-Q/A and the Q3 2023 Form 10-Q, the Affected Filings), as of their respective dates, (a) the SEC Reports complied
in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and (b) the Canadian Disclosure
Records complied in all material respects with the requirements of applicable Canadian Securities Laws. Except as disclosed in the Affected
Filings, the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto
as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified
in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required
by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and
for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements
or other documents required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed with
the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however
characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred
to in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business,
has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects

and is enforceable against the Company
and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal, state and provincial securities laws, and (z) that
the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to
the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefore may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned
by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and,
to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would
constitute a default thereunder. To the best of the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of
such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree
of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including,
without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations, except in each case as would not reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

(j)Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, except as specifically
disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had
or that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent
or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings
made with the Commissions, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting in any material respect, (iv) the Company has not
declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem any of its shares, (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except
pursuant to existing Company equity plans and (vi) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.
The Company does not have pending before the Commissions any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance
of the Public Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred
or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses,
prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day
prior to the date that this representation is made. Unless otherwise disclosed in an SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof, since
the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus,
the Company has not: (i) issued any securities (other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys
equity plans, the issuance of Common Shares to employees pursuant to the Companys employee share purchase plans, pursuant to the
conversion and/or exercise of Common Share Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the
Exchange Act, pursuant to the SEPA, and pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and between the Company
and the Representative) or incurred any material liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared
or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect of its share capital.

(k)Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party or the Public Securities or (ii) would, if there were
an unfavorable decision, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any
director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or
state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending
or contemplated, any investigation by the Commissions involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.
The Commissions have not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the
Company or any Subsidiary under Canadian Securities Laws, the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(l)Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent
with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of
the Companys or its Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with
the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and
the Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any
restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters, in each case, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, provincial,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and
hours, except where the failure to be in compliance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

(m)Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation
of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company
or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in
violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any
of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived); (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or
order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority; or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or
regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state, provincial and local laws relating
to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except
in each case as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations
and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, provincial, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective
businesses as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, except where the

failure to possess such permits would
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (each, a Material Permit), and neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. The disclosures
in the Registration Statement concerning the effects of Federal, State, provincial, local and all foreign regulation on the Companys
business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects.

(o)[Reserved] 

(p)Intellectual Property. Except where a failure thereof would not reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the Subsidiaries own all rights in, or possess, or can acquire on reasonable terms,
licenses to all copyrights, software, trade secrets, mask works, know-how, Internet domain names, trademarks, service marks,
trade names, and other indicia of origin; and inventions (whether or not patentable), patents and patent rights (collectively, Intellectual
Property) material to carrying on the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as described in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written
correspondence relating to, or notice of, any misappropriation, infringement of or other violation of or conflict with the rights of others
in any Intellectual Property, and to the knowledge of the Company there is no and has been no such misappropriation, infringement, violation
or conflict and which misappropriation, infringement, violation or conflict (if the subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding)
or invalidity or inadequacy, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written correspondence relating to or notice of any allegation that any Intellectual Property
owned by or held for use by the Company is invalid or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company and the Subsidiaries, or any challenge
to the Companys or any Subsidiarys ownership of any Intellectual Property, and to the knowledge of the Company there is
no valid basis for any such allegation or challenge and which invalidity or inadequacy would have or may reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are, in the Companys judgment, prudent and customary in the
businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost
that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

(r)Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement,
the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge
of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of
money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from, any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, shareholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees

for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement
for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including equity awards under any equity plan of the
Company.

(s)Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance
with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and similar legislation in Canada that are effective as of
the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commissions thereunder that are effective as of the
date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls designed to
provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset
accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and
(iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken
with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act and under applicable
Canadian Securities Laws is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act
and under applicable Canadian Securities Laws (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in
the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its
Subsidiaries.

(t)Certain Fees. Except as set forth in the Prospectus, no brokerage or finders fees or
commissions are or will be payable by the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant,
finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the
Companys knowledge, there are no other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge,
any of its shareholders that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as determined by FINRA. Except as disclosed to the Representative
prior to the Execution Date, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any
person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing
to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA or CIRO member; or (iii) any person or
entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA or CIRO member, within the twelve months prior to the
Execution Date. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA or CIRO member or its
affiliates, except as specifically disclosed to the Representative prior to the Execution Date.

(u)Investment Company. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Public
Securities will not be, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The
Company shall conduct its business in a

manner so that it will not become an
investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(v)Registration
Rights. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, no Person has any
right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or
any Subsidiary.

(w)Listing
and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has
taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Shares
under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. The
Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Shares are listed
or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The
Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing
and maintenance requirements. The Common Shares are currently eligible for electronic transfer through the facilities of DTC or another
established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees of DTC (or such other established clearing corporation)
in connection with such electronic transfer.

(x)Application of Takeover Protections. There are no control share acquisition, business combination,
poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Articles (or
similar charter documents) or the laws of its province of incorporation or governing jurisdiction that is or could become applicable as
a result of the Underwriters and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents.

(y)Disclosure; 10b-5. The Registration Statement (and any further documents to be filed with
the SEC) contains all exhibits and schedules as required by the Securities Act. Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective
amendment thereto, if any, at the time it became effective, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act and did not at the
time it became effective and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not as of the Closing Date and as of the Option Closing
Date, if any, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading; provided that the foregoing representation shall not apply to statements in or omissions
from the Registration Statement or any amendments or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished
to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative expressly for use in the Registration Statement. The Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, each as of its respective date, comply in all material respects with the Securities
Act. The Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, did not and will not contain as of the date thereof any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading; provided that the foregoing representation shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the Prospectus
or any amendments or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing
by any Underwriter through the Representative expressly for use in the Prospectus. The General Disclosure Package as of the Applicable
Time did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,

and each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
listed on Schedule III hereto does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, or the Prospectus, and each such Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, as supplemented by and taken together with the General Disclosure
Package as of the Applicable Time, did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that the
foregoing representation shall not apply to statements in or omissions from the General Disclosure Package or a Permitted Free Writing
Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any Underwriter through the Representative
expressly for use therein. The SEC Reports, when they were filed with the SEC, conformed in all material respects to the requirements
of the Exchange Act, and none of such documents, when they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein (with respect to the SEC Reports incorporated by reference
in the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and
any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the General Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, when such documents
are filed with the SEC, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations,
as applicable, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement reflecting any facts or events arising after the date thereof which represent, individually or in the aggregate, a fundamental
change in the information set forth therein is required to be filed with the SEC. There are no documents required to be filed with the
Commissions in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby that (x) have not been filed as required pursuant to the Securities
Act or applicable Canadian Securities Laws or (y) will not be filed within the requisite time period for their filing under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, or Canadian Securities Laws, as applicable. There are no contracts or other documents required to be described
in the Prospectus, or to be filed as exhibits or schedules to the Registration Statement, which have not been described or filed as required.
For purposes of this Agreement, it is understood and agreed that the only information furnished to the Company in writing by the Underwriters
expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and/or any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus
is the information contained in the fifth, fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth paragraphs under the caption Underwriting
in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement and in the third sentence of the twentieth paragraph under the caption Underwriting
in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement.

(z)No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting
on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security,
under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Public Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes
of any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated;
provided that this representation is made in reliance on the Companys understanding that the Underwriters have broadly marketed
the Offering consistent with customary public offering book-building processes and marketing efforts.

(aa)Solvency. The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances that are not set forth
in the SEC Reports which lead it to believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization
laws of any jurisdiction within one (1) year from the Closing Date. The SEC Reports set forth as of the date thereof all outstanding secured
and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any

Subsidiary has commitments. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(bb)Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal,
state, Canadian federal, provincial and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns required to be filed by the Company
or such Subsidiary by any jurisdiction to which it is subject and (ii) has paid all taxes required to be paid except as would not reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have received no written claim from any taxing authority
of any jurisdiction to the effect that such entities owe material amounts of unpaid taxes, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary
know of no basis for any such claim. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part
of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated
financial statements. The term taxes mean all taxes or other similar fees, assessments, or charges in the nature of taxes,
including all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,
transfer, franchise, profits, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, premium, property, windfall profits, or other
taxes, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns
means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

(cc)Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of
the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly,
used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity,
(ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any
person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any
provision of the FCPA or the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada). The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure
that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the FCPA and the
Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada).

(dd)Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company Auditor is (i) an independent registered
public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and applicable Canadian Securities Laws, and (ii) shall express its opinion with
respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2025. The
Company Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

(ee)Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject
to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.

(ff)U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company believes that
it is not and that it has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of

the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Representatives request.

(gg)Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities
or twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the
Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or
policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(hh)Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency
and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada)
and applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering
Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, threatened.

(ii)D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the
questionnaires completed by each of the Companys directors and officers prior to the Offering (as the same has been supplemented
and/or updated, including orally, through such time) as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement provided to the Underwriters is true and correct
in all respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in such questionnaires
become inaccurate and incorrect.

(jj)FINRA Affiliation. To the Companys knowledge, no officer, director or any beneficial
owner of 10% or more of the Companys unregistered securities has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA
member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA, including, but not limited to, FINRA Rules 5110 and 5121)
that is participating in the Offering. The Company will advise the Representative and EGS if it learns that any officer, director or owner
of 10% or more of the Companys outstanding Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents is or becomes an affiliate or associated person
of a FINRA member firm. 

(kk)Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the
Company and delivered to the Representative or EGS shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as
to the matters covered thereby.

(ll)Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is comprised of the persons disclosed in the SEC
Reports. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the Board of Directors comply with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and the rules of the Trading Market. At
least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Trading Market. In addition, at least a majority of the persons
serving on the Board of Directors qualify as independent as defined under the rules of the Trading Market and applicable
Canadian Securities Laws.

(mm)ERISA. Each employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), that is maintained, administered or contributed to by
the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates (as defined hereafter) (collectively, the Employee Plans) has been maintained
in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of applicable law. An ERISA Affiliate of any person or
entity means any other person or entity which, together with that person or entity, could be treated as a single employer under Section
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). No Employee Plan is subject
to Title IV of ERISA. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no prohibited transaction
(as defined in either Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) has occurred with respect to any Employee Plan; and each Employee
Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified, and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing
has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, since the date of any such determination that could cause the loss of such qualification.

(nn)Equity Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys equity plans
was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys equity plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the
fair market value of the Common Shares on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock
option granted under the Companys equity plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has
been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options
with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results
or prospects.

(oo)Cybersecurity. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement, the General
Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, to the knowledge of the Company, (i)(a) there has been no security breach or other compromise
of any of the information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of their respective
customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of them), equipment or technology of the
Company or any Subsidiary (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (b) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has
been notified of, or has any knowledge of, any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach
or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data, except as would not, in the case of this clause (i), individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is presently in compliance with
all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory
authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection
of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, in the case of this
clause (ii), individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be excepted to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (iii) each of the Company
and the Subsidiaries has implemented commercially reasonable backup and disaster recovery technology. 

(pp)[Reserved]

(qq)Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal,
state, provincial, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health (with respect to exposure to hazardous or
toxic substances) or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including
laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or

toxic or hazardous substances or wastes
(collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all legally-binding authorizations, codes,
decrees, injunctions, judgments, licenses, orders, permits or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental
Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct
their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in
each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, the Company
and its Subsidiaries (i) are not subject to any material contingent or other liability under Environmental Laws relating to the restoration
or rehabilitation of land, water or any other part of the environment or non-compliance with Environmental Laws and (ii) do not have any
knowledge of, and have not received any written notice of, any material claim, judicial or administrative proceeding, pending or threatened
against, or which may affect, either the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of the Material Properties, or the assets or operations thereof,
relating to, or alleging any violation of any Environmental Laws, the Company has no knowledge of any facts which could reasonably be
expected to give rise to any such claim or judicial or administrative proceeding and none of the Company, any Subsidiary, any of the Material
Properties, or assets or operations thereof, is the subject of any investigation, evaluation, audit or review by any governmental authority,
of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice, to determine whether any violation of any Environmental Laws
has occurred or is occurring or whether any remedial action is needed in connection with a release of any Hazardous Materials into the
environment, except for compliance investigations conducted in the normal course by any governmental authority.

(rr)Reporting Requirements. The Company is, and will be on the Closing Date and on the Option
Closing Date, if any, a reporting issuer in the Canadian Jurisdictions and is not on the list of defaulting reporting issuers maintained
by any Canadian Securities Commission that maintains such a list; the Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with its continuous
and timely disclosure obligations under Canadian Securities Laws and has filed all documents required to be filed by it with the Canadian
Securities Commissions under applicable Canadian Securities Laws; the Company has not filed any confidential material change reports with
any of the Canadian Securities Commissions that remain confidential at the date hereof; and the Company has filed a current Technical
Report in each of the Canadian Jurisdictions prior to the date of this Agreement.

(ss)Valid Partnership. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, each of the partnerships and joint venture agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company or such Subsidiary and constitutes the valid agreement thereof, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as limited by (a) the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or
hereafter in effect relating to or affecting the rights or remedies of creditors or (b) the effect of general principles of equity, whether
enforcement is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law, and the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may
be brought, and the execution, delivery and performance of any of such agreements did not, at the time of execution and delivery, and
does not constitute a breach of, or default under, the charter or bylaws of such party or any material contract, lease or other instrument
to which such party is a party or by which its properties may be bound or any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court
order or decree.

(tt)Real Property and Company Mining Rights.

(i) The Elk Creek Project
is the only resource project currently material to the Company in which the Company or its Subsidiaries have an interest. The disclosure
of the Company Mining Rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the Registration Statement and Prospectus constitute an accurate description
in all material respects of the Elk Creek Project and all material Company Mining Rights held by the Company and its Subsidiaries, no
other property or assets are necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and
the Company does not know of any claim or the basis for any claim, that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the right thereof to use, transfer or otherwise explore for, develop and mine mineral deposits
with respect to such Company Mining Rights. All exploration and development operations by the Company on the Material Properties have
been conducted in all material respects in accordance with good exploration, development and engineering practices and all applicable
laws pertaining to workers compensation and health and safety and workplace laws, regulations and policies have been complied with
in all material respects.

(ii) Except as, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (A) the Company and each of the Subsidiaries
has good and marketable fee title (or the equivalent in any applicable foreign jurisdiction), free and clear of all Liens (other than
Permitted Liens), to all of its owned real property, except as set forth on in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package,
and the Prospectus, and good and valid leasehold title, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), to all of its leased
property, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, pursuant to leases with
third parties which are in full force and effect and enforceable in accordance with their respective terms against the Company or its
applicable Subsidiary (as the case may be) and, to the knowledge of the Company, each of the other parties thereto, except, in each case,
(x) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (y) as limited by laws relating to the availability
of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (z) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions
may be limited by applicable law, (B) there are no existing (or to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing) expropriation
or condemnation proceedings or plans with respect to any such real property, (C) with respect to all such leased real property,
the Company and each of the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, each of the other parties thereto, is in compliance with
all material terms and conditions of each lease therefor, and neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries has received any written
notice of default thereunder which is outstanding and remains uncured beyond any applicable period of cure, (D) the Company and each of
the Subsidiaries enjoy quiet possession of the leased property, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and (E) except
as set forth in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, no consent, authorization or approval
of, or notification to any landlord or tenant that is a counterparty to a leased real property is required to be obtained or made by the
Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(iii) The Company or
the Subsidiaries have or have the option to acquire a 100% legal and beneficial ownership in and to the real property assets associated
with the Elk Creek Project, as described in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, to the extent
required to permit the use of land by the Company and Subsidiaries, and have or have the option to acquire the mineral interests that
are required to exploit the development potential of the

Elk Creek Project or Company Mining Rights,
in each case as contemplated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The Company Mining Rights
in the Elk Creek Project have been duly and validly located and recorded pursuant to the laws of the jurisdictions in which the Elk Creek
Project is situate and include valid and subsisting mineral claims.

(iv) Except as set forth
in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, (A) there are no back-in rights, earn-in rights, rights
of first refusal or similar provisions or rights which would affect the Companys or the Subsidiaries interest in the Elk
Creek Project or Company Mining Rights in any material respect and to the knowledge of the Company, no such rights have been alleged or
threatened, (B) the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any responsibility or obligation to pay any commission, royalty, license,
fee or similar payment to any person with respect to the property rights thereof, except where such fee or payment would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, either individually or in the aggregate, (C) the Company Mining Rights are sufficient to
permit the Company and the Subsidiaries to access, explore for, extract, exploit, remove, develop, mine, process and refine the mineral
deposits, ore bodies and mineral inventories relating thereto as is currently conducted or anticipated to be conducted except those Company
Mining Rights as are anticipated to be obtained in the ordinary course and consistent with the anticipated timing as set forth in the
Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, (D) the Company and the Subsidiaries have all necessary Company
Mining Rights, property rights, surface or access rights, water rights, rights of way, ingress and egress rights and other necessary rights
and interests relating to the Elk Creek Project as are necessary for the conduct of the Companys or the Subsidiaries current
operations, and (E) to the knowledge of the Company, there are no restrictions imposed by any applicable law or by agreement which
materially conflict with the proposed operation, exploration, and/or development of the Elk Creek Project.

(v) All mineral rights
located in or on the lands of the Company and the Subsidiaries or lands pooled or unitized therewith, which have been abandoned by the
Company or the Subsidiaries have been abandoned in compliance with all applicable laws in all material respects.

(uu)Mineral Information. 

(i) The Technical Report
complied in all material respects with the requirements of NI 43-101 at the time of filing thereof and the Technical Report Summary complied
in all material respects with the requirements of S-K 1300 at the time of filing thereof. All technical information set forth in the Registration
Statement and Prospectus has been reviewed by the Company or independent consultants to the Company.

(ii) To the knowledge
of the Company, the Company made available to the authors of the Technical Report and the Technical Report Summary, prior to the issuance
thereof, for the purpose of preparing such reports, all material information requested by them, and to the knowledge of the Company, none
of such information contained any misrepresentation at the time such information was so provided.

(iii) The Company is
in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of NI 43-101 and S-K 1300, has filed all technical reports and all technical
report summaries and made all disclosures required by S-K 1300, and there has been no material change of which the Company is or reasonably
should be aware that would materially disaffirm or materially change any aspect of the Technical Report or the Technical Report Summary
or that would require the filing of a new technical report under NI 43-101 or a new technical report summary in accordance with S-K 1300.

(vv)Aboriginal Matters.

(i) Neither the Company
nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice of any claim, written assertion or written demand, whether proven or unproven,
made in writing by any aboriginal peoples of the United States, including Native Americans, including any Tribes in Nebraska, and any
group of aboriginal peoples, including Tribal Councils (collectively, Aboriginal Peoples), with respect to aboriginal
title, aboriginal rights, treaty rights or any other aboriginal interest in land (any such claim, written assertion or written demand,
an Aboriginal Claim) which would materially affect or materially impair the Companys or any Subsidiarys
right, title or interest in the Elk Creek Project or Company Mining Rights. To the knowledge of the Company, no Aboriginal Claim is threatened
by any Aboriginal Peoples which would materially affect or materially impair the Companys or any Subsidiarys right, title
or interest in the Elk Creek Project or Company Mining Rights.

(ii) To the knowledge
of the Company, there are no archaeological sites currently regulated by any federal, state, provincial, local, foreign or supranational
government, any court, legislative, administrative, regulatory or other governmental agency, commission or authority on the Elk Creek
Project.

ARTICLE IV. 

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company has delivered, or will as promptly as practicable
deliver, to the Underwriters complete conformed copies of the Registration Statement and of each consent and certificate of experts, as
applicable, filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies of the Registration Statement (without exhibits) and the Prospectus, as amended
or supplemented, in such quantities and at such places as an Underwriter reasonably requests. Neither the Company nor any of its directors
and officers has distributed and none of them will distribute, prior to the Closing Date, any offering material in connection with the
offering and sale of the Public Securities other than the Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Registration
Statement, and copies of the documents incorporated by reference therein. The Company shall not file any amendment or supplement to the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus to which the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

4.2Federal Securities Laws.

(a)Compliance. During the time when a prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities
Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit
the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Public Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Prospectus. If at any
time when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, any event shall have occurred
as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented,
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time
to amend the Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will notify the Underwriters promptly and prepare and file with
the SEC, subject to Section 4.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Securities Act.

(b)Filing of Final Prospectus Supplement. The Company will file the Prospectus Supplement (in
form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) with the SEC pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424.

(c)Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years from the Execution Date, the Company
will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Common Shares under the Exchange Act. Except in connection with a bona fide
strategic transaction, the Company will not deregister the Common Shares under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the
Representative.

(d)Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents and agrees that it has not made and will
not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined
in Rule 433 of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act, without the prior written consent of the Representative. Any such issuer
free writing prospectus consented to by the Representative is set forth on Schedule III hereto and is herein referred to as a Permitted
Free Writing Prospectus. The Company represents that it will treat each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an issuer
free writing prospectus as defined in rule and regulations under the Securities Act, and has complied and will comply with the
applicable requirements of Rule 433 of the Securities Act, including timely SEC filing where required, legending and record keeping.

4.3Delivery to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters,
without charge, from time to time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Securities Act such number
of copies of the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and deliver to the Representative, upon request, two original copies
of the executed Registration Statement, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed
therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all original executed consents of certified experts.

4.4Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Underwriters. The Company will use its best
efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus until nine (9) months from the Execution Date
and will notify the Underwriters and holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the
effectiveness of any amendment to the Registration Statement; (ii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order with respect to the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the
issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering
or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the submission
to the SEC for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus, except for an amendment or supplement
resulting from the filing of an annual report; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from
the SEC; and (vi) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 4.4 that, in the judgment of the Company,
makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement untrue or that
requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the SEC or any state securities commission shall
enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting
of such order.

4.5Review of Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years from the Execution Date, the
Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys
financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to

the announcement of quarterly financial information;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall only be applicable if the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Exchange Act and is required to file reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

4.6General Expenses Related to the Offering. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the
Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance
of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (a) all filing fees and communication expenses
relating to the registration of the Securities to be sold in the Offering with the SEC (including the Option Shares and the Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares); (b) all FINRA Public Offering Filing System fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (c) all fees and
expenses relating to the listing of such Closing Shares, Option Shares, and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares on the Trading Market; (c) all
fees, expenses and disbursements relating to the registration or qualification of such Public Securities under any foreign jurisdictions
as the Representative may reasonably designate; (d) the costs of all mailing and printing of the underwriting documents (including, without
limitation, this Agreement, any Blue Sky Surveys and, if appropriate, any Agreement Among Underwriters, Selected Dealers Agreement,
Underwriters Questionnaire and Power of Attorney), copies of the Registration Statement, and all amendments, supplements and exhibits
thereto and as many copies of the Preliminary Prospectus and Prospectus as the Representative may reasonably deem necessary; (e) the
costs and expenses of the Companys public relations firm, if any; (f) the costs of preparing, printing and delivering the Public
Securities; (g) fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent for the Public Securities (including, without limitation, any fees required for
same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company); (h) share transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon
the transfer of securities from the Company to the Underwriters; (i) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (j) the
fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (k) the Underwriters documented,
out-of-pocket costs of mailing prospectuses to prospective investors; (l) the costs associated with advertising the Offering in the national
editions of the Wall Street Journal and New York Times after the Closing Date; (m) the reasonable and documented fees, costs and disbursements
of counsel to the Representative, which shall be limited to, $100,000, net of the Advance as defined in the Engagement Letter (as defined
herein); and (n) the costs associated
with the Underwriters actual road show expenses for the Offering.
The Underwriters may also deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date, or the
Option Closing Date, if any, the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters. The maximum amount of reimbursable
expenses to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters shall be $100,000, net of the Advance as defined in the Engagement Letter.

4.7Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering received
by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

4.8Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available
to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Execution
Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required
by applicable Canadian Securities Laws or the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act, but which shall satisfy
the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning
after the Execution Date.

4.9Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors
or shareholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken or will take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or
that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or
manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities.

4.10Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient
to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization;
(ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to
maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific
authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate
action is taken with respect to any differences.

4.11Accountants. The Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent certified
public accounting firm for a period of at least three years after the Execution Date. The Underwriters acknowledge that the Company Auditor
is acceptable to the Underwriters.

4.12FINRA. The Company shall advise the Underwriters (who shall make an appropriate filing with
FINRA) if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of an Underwriter.

4.13No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility
to the Company is solely contractual and commercial in nature, based on arms-length negotiations and that neither the Underwriters nor
their affiliates or any selected dealer shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to
the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company acknowledges that the Underwriters may have financial interests in the success
of the Offering that are not limited to the difference between the price to the public and the purchase price paid to the Company by the
Underwriters for the shares and the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose, or account to the Company for, any of such additional
financial interests. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have
against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.

4.14Pre-Funded Warrant Shares. If all or any portion of a Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised at a
time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the issuance of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares or if the Pre-Funded Warrant
is exercised via cashless exercise, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares issued pursuant to any such exercise shall be issued free of all restrictive
legends. If at any time following the date hereof the Registration Statement (or any subsequent registration statement registering the
sale or resale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares) is not effective or is not otherwise available for the sale of the Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares, the Company shall immediately notify the holders of the Pre-Funded Warrants in writing that such registration statement is not
then effective and thereafter shall promptly notify such holders when the registration statement is effective again and available for
the sale of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares (it being understood and agreed that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Company
to issue, or any holder thereof to sell, any of the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws).

4.15Board Composition and Board Designations. While the Company is subject to the Exchange Act,
the Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the
Board of Directors comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and with
the applicable listing requirements of the Trading Market and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Board of Directors qualifies
as a financial expert as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.

4.16Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. At the request of the Representative, by 9:00 a.m.
(New York City time) on the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the Offering. The Company
and the Representative shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the Offering, and neither the
Company nor any Underwriter shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent
of the Company, with respect to any press release of such Underwriter, or without the prior consent of such Underwriter, with respect
to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required
by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication.
Except as required by applicable law or Trading Market listing rules, the Company will not issue press releases or engage in any other
publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent, which consent may not reasonably be withheld, for a period ending
at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the first business day following the 45th day following the Closing Date, other than normal
and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business and any releases or announcements as may be required
by law.

4.17Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent
of the Company, any other Person, that any Underwriter of the Closing Securities is an Acquiring Person under any control
share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan
or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Underwriter of Closing Securities could be deemed to trigger
the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Closing Securities.

4.18Reservation of Common Shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company
shall continue to reserve and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of Common Shares for the purpose
of enabling the Company to issue Option Shares pursuant to the Over-Allotment Option and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares pursuant to the exercise
of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.19Listing of Common Shares. The Company hereby agrees to use best efforts to maintain the listing
or quotation of the Common Shares on the Trading Market on which it is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall take such actions as required by the Trading Market to secure the listing of the Closing Shares, Option Shares, and Pre-Funded Warrant
Shares on such Trading Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Shares traded on any other Trading
Market, it will then include in such application all of the Closing Shares, Option Shares and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares, and will take
such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Closing Shares, Option Shares, and Pre-Funded Warrant Shares to be listed or quoted
on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing
and trading of its Common Shares on a Trading Market and will comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other
obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Shares for electronic
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment
of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.20Subsequent Equity Sales. 

(a)From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
shall issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents.

(b)From the date hereof until ninety (90) days after the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited
from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the

Company or any of its Subsidiaries of
Common Shares or Common Share Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable
Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible
into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional Common Shares either (A) at a conversion price, exercise
price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Shares
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Shares or (ii) enters
into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit or at-the-market offering,
whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price regardless of whether shares pursuant to such agreement have actually
been issued and regardless of whether such agreement is subsequently cancelled. Any Underwriter shall be entitled to obtain injunctive
relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.20 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance,
except that no Variable Rate Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance (provided, however, that any issuance of Common Shares pursuant to
the advance under the SEPA, with an Advance Notice Date (as defined in the SEPA) of April 14, 2025, shall be an Exempt Issuance and any
other advance under the SEPA after thirty (30) days after the Closing Date shall be an Exempt Issuance). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Representative, in their sole discretion, may waive any of the provisions of this Section 4.20.

4.21Research Independence. The Company acknowledges that each Underwriters research analysts
and research departments, if any, are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to
certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters research analysts may hold and make statements or investment
recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company and/or the offering that differ from the views of its investment
bankers. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against
such Underwriter with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research
analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters
investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges that the Representative is a full service securities firm and as such from time
to time, subject to applicable securities laws, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long
or short position in debt or equity securities of the Company.

4.22Reserved. 

4.23Canadian Securities Laws. The Underwriters shall not offer and sell the Securities in such
a manner that is inconsistent with the requirements of OSC Rule 72-503 or so as to require registration thereof or the filing of a registration
statement or a prospectus or similar document in any jurisdiction of Canada, including, directly or indirectly, make any offers or sales
of the Securities: (A) to any person or company whom, to the Underwriters knowledge, is (i) resident or located in a jurisdiction
of Canada or (ii) acquiring the Securities for the benefit of another person or company resident or located in a jurisdiction of Canada,
or (B) on any marketplace (as such term is defined in National Instrument 21-101 Marketplace Operation) in
Canada.

4.24Right of First Refusal. Until November 14, 2025, the Company grants the Representative the
right of first refusal to act as sole managing underwriter and sole book runner, sole placement agent, or sole sales

agent, for any and all future public or private
equity, equity-linked or convertible debt (excluding commercial bank debt) offerings for which the Company retains the service of an underwriter,
agent, advisor, finder or other Person or entity in connection with such offering during such period of the Company, or any successor
to or any subsidiary of the Company; provided, however, that if the Company retains a bulge bracket bank (i.e., Citibank, Credit Suisse,
JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America, UBS, Jefferies, Deutsche Bank or Goldman Sachs) to lead such offering, then the Representative
shall be offered the right to participate as joint book runner or joint agent with a minimum of twenty percent (20%) economics with respect
to such offering. The Company shall not offer to retain any entity or person in connection with any such offering on terms more favorable
than terms on which it offers to retain the Representative. Such offer shall be made in writing in order to be effective. The Representative
shall notify the Company within five (5) calendar days of its receipt of the written offer contemplated above as to whether or not it
agrees to accept such retention. If the Representative should decline such retention, the Company shall have no further obligations to
Maxim with respect to the offering for which it has offered to retain the Representative, except as otherwise provided for herein. For
the sake of clarity, the Company may directly raise capital without contravening this right of first refusal so long as such the Company
raises such capital without the assistance of a banker, finder or other financial intermediary. In addition, acknowledging prior relationships
of the Company, any potential private placement of securities pursuant to Regulation D solely with Beemok Capital, GoGreen and/or GreenMet,
or any of their parents, subsidiaries, or successor entities will not contravene this right of first refusal.

4.25Tail Period. Upon Closing until December 31, 2025, if the Company completes any financing
of equity, equity-linked, convertible or debt or other capital raising activity with, or receives any proceeds from, any of the investors
contacted or introduced to the Company by the Representative, then the Company will pay to the Representative upon the closing of such
financing the cash compensation set forth in Section 2.1(b) herein.

ARTICLE V.

DEFAULT BY UNDERWRITERS

If
on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, any Underwriter shall fail to purchase and pay for the portion of the Closing
Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such Underwriter has agreed to purchase and pay for on such date (otherwise than
by reason of any default on the part of the Company), the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the
non-defaulting Underwriters, shall use their reasonable efforts to procure within thirty-six (36) hours thereafter one or more of the
other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase from the Company such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon the terms set forth herein,
the Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, which the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters failed to purchase. If during
such thirty-six (36) hours the Representatives shall not have procured such other Underwriters, or any others, to purchase the Closing
Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, agreed to be purchased by the defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters, then (a) if the
aggregate number of Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such default shall occur does not exceed
ten percent (10%) of the Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, covered thereby, the other Underwriters shall be obligated,
severally, in proportion to the respective numbers of Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, which they are obligated
to purchase hereunder, to purchase the Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters
failed to purchase, or (b) if the aggregate number of Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, with respect to which such
default shall occur exceeds ten percent (10%) of the Closing Securities or Option Shares, as the case may be, covered hereby, the Company
or the Representative will have the right to terminate this Agreement without liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters
or of the Company except to the

extent provided in Article VI hereof.
In the event of a default by any Underwriter or Underwriters, as set forth in this Article V, the applicable Closing Date may be postponed
for such period, not exceeding seven (7) days, as the Representative, or if the Representative is the defaulting Underwriter, the non-defaulting
Underwriters, may determine in order that the required changes in the Prospectus Supplement or in any other documents or arrangements
may be effected. The term Underwriter includes any Person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter. Any action taken under
this Section shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI. 

INDEMNIFICATION

6.1Indemnification of the Underwriters. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Underwriters, and each dealer selected by each Underwriter that participates in the offer and
sale of the Public Securities (each a Selected Dealer) and each of their respective directors, officers and employees
and each Person, if any, who controls such Underwriter or any Selected Dealer (Controlling Person) within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense
whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending
against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between such Underwriter and
the Company or between such Underwriter and any third party or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, applicable Canadian Securities Laws or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign
countries, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) the Preliminary
Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or the Prospectus (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any
materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the offering
of the Public Securities, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in
person or electronically); or (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Article VI, collectively called
application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction
in order to qualify the Public Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commissions, any state securities commission
or agency, Trading Market or any securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
in each case, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the
Company with respect to the applicable Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in any Preliminary Prospectus,
if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or in any application, as the case may be. With
respect to any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in the Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the indemnity
agreement contained in this Section 6.1 shall not inure to the benefit of an Underwriter to the extent that any loss, liability, claim,
damage or expense of such Underwriter results from the fact that a copy of the Prospectus was not given or sent to the Person asserting
any such loss, liability, claim or damage at or prior to the written confirmation of sale of the Public Securities to such Person as required
by the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and if the untrue statement or omission has been corrected in the Prospectus,
unless such failure to deliver the Prospectus was a result of non-compliance by the Company with its obligations under this Agreement.
The Company agrees promptly to notify each Underwriter of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any
of its officers, directors or Controlling Persons in connection with the issue and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus.

6.2Procedure. If any action is brought against an Underwriter, a Selected Dealer or a Controlling
Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant to Section 6.1, such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer
or Controlling Person, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company
shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the reasonable approval of such Underwriter
or such Selected Dealer, as the case may be) and payment of actual expenses. Such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person
shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Underwriter, such Selected Dealer or Controlling Person unless (i) the employment of such counsel at the expense of the Company
shall have been authorized in writing by the Company in connection with the defense of such action, or (ii) the Company shall not have
employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded
that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which
case the Company shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any
of which events the reasonable fees and expenses of not more than one additional firm of attorneys selected by such Underwriter (in addition
to local counsel), Selected Dealer and/or Controlling Person shall be borne by the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, if any Underwriter, Selected Dealer or Controlling Person shall assume the defense of such action as provided above, the Company
shall have the right to approve the terms of any settlement of such action which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

6.3Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers and employees and agents who control the Company within the meaning of Section
15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in
the foregoing indemnity from the Company to such Underwriter, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or
alleged untrue statements or omissions made in any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with, written information furnished to the Company
with respect to such Underwriter by or on behalf of such Underwriter expressly for use in such Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration
Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any such application. In case any action shall be brought against
the Company or any other Person so indemnified based on any Preliminary Prospectus, if any, the Registration Statement or Prospectus or
any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against such Underwriter, such
Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other Person so indemnified shall have the
rights and duties given to such Underwriter by the provisions of this Article VI. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 6.3, no Underwriter shall be required to indemnify the Company for any amount in excess of the underwriting
discounts and commissions applicable to the Public Securities purchased by such Underwriter.
The Underwriters' obligations in this Section 6.3 to indemnify the Company are several in proportion to their respective underwriting
obligations and not joint.

6.4Contribution.

(a)Contribution Rights. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution under the Securities
Act in any case in which (i) any Person entitled to indemnification under this Article VI makes a claim for indemnification pursuant hereto
but it is judicially determined (by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of
time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case notwithstanding the
fact that this Article VI provides for indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,
applicable Canadian Securities Laws, or otherwise may be required on the part of any such Person in circumstances for which

indemnification is provided under this
Article VI, then, and in each such case, the Company and each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, shall contribute to the aggregate
losses, liabilities, claims, damages and expenses of the nature contemplated by said indemnity agreement incurred by the Company and such
Underwriter, as incurred, in such proportions that such Underwriter is responsible for that portion represented by the percentage that
the underwriting discount appearing on the cover page of the Prospectus bears to the initial offering price appearing thereon and the
Company is responsible for the balance; provided, that, no Person guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
For purposes of this Section, each director, officer and employee of such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, and each Person,
if any, who controls such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable, within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act shall have
the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter or the Company, as applicable. Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 6.4, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting discounts
and commissions applicable to the Public Securities purchased by such Underwriter. The Underwriters
obligations in this Section 6.4 to contribute are several in proportion to their respective underwriting obligations and not joint.

(b)Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement
(or its representative) of notice of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution
in respect thereof is to be made against another party (Contributing Party), notify the contributing party of the
commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the Contributing Party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to
any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such
party notifies a Contributing Party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen (15) days, the Contributing
Party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other Contributing Party similarly notified. Any such Contributing
Party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by
such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such Contributing Party. The contribution provisions contained in this
Section 6.4 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act, applicable Canadian Securities Laws, or otherwise available.

ARTICLE VII. 

MISCELLANEOUS

7.1Termination.

(a)Termination Right. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at
any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or
in its opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading
on any Trading Market shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed,
or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of any Commission or any other government authority
having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities, or
(iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State, Canadian or federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on
foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets, or (vi) if the
Company shall have sustained a material

loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane,
earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives
opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Public Securities, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach
of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the
date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such adverse material change in general
market conditions as in the Representatives judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery
of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

(b)Expenses. In the event this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(a), within
the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Representative
its actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable, including the
fees and disbursements of the Underwriters legal counsel, up to $20,000 in the aggregate (provided,
however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement).

(c)Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election
hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Article
VI shall not be in any way effected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

7.2Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto,
contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents,
exhibits and schedules. For the avoidance of doubt, the rights of the Representative included in that certain letter agreement, dated
April 10, 2025, by and between the Representative and the Company (the Engagement Letter), including the rights contained
in Sections 6 and 7 thereof, remain in full force and effect.

7.3Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to
be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the email address set forth on
the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail attachment at the e-mail
address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices
and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

7.4Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented
or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Underwriter. No waiver of any default
with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a
waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission
of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

7.5Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this
Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

7.6Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties and their successors and permitted assigns.

7.7Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in
the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any action, suit or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of
any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party
shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of
the Company under Article VI, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable
attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

7.8Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and
the closing of the Over-Allotment Option, if any, and the delivery of the Public Securities.

7.9Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken
together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and
delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature
is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid
and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such
facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7.10Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and
restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially
the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the
intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any
of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

7.11Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted
by law, including recovery of damages, the Underwriters and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction
Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations
contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of any such
obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

7.12Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action
or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may
be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

7.13Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed
and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities
are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments
thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and Common Shares in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment
for reverse and forward share splits, share dividends, share combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Shares that occur
after the date of this Agreement.

7.14WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY
ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, THE PARTIES EACH
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY
WAIVE FOREVER ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature Pages Follow)

If the foregoing correctly sets
forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement among the Company and the several Underwriters in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

By: /s/ Mark A. Smith

Name: Mark A. Smith

Title: President & CEO

Address for Notice:

NioCorp Developments Ltd.

7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115

Centennial, CO 80112

Attention: Mark Smith

Neal Shah

Email: [***]

[***]

Copy to:

Jones Day

901 Lakeside Avenue

Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1190

Attention: Andrew Thomas

Email: [***]

Accepted on the date first above written. 

MAXIM GROUP LLC 

As the Representative of the several Underwriters listed on Schedule
I 

By: /s/ Larry Glassberg 

Name: Larry Glassberg 

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking 

Address for Notice:

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attention: James Siegel, General Counsel

Email: [***]

Copy to:

Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10105

Attention: Matthew Bernstein, Esq.

Email: [***]

SCHEDULE I

Schedule
of Underwriters

Underwriters Closing Shares Pre-Funded Warrants Closing Purchase Price

Maxim Group

LLC 6,628,846 1,063,462 $18,599,894.40

Total 6,628,846 1,063,462 $18,599,894.40

SCHEDULE II

Pricing
Information Provided Orally by Underwriters

Number of Closing Shares: 6,628,846

Number of Pre-Funded Warrants: 1,063,462

Share Purchase Price: $2.60

Pre-Funded Warrant Purchase Price: $2.5999

Price paid by the Underwriters per Share: $2.418
per one Share

Price paid by the Underwriters per Pre-Funded
Warrant: $2.4179 per one Pre-Funded Warrant

Number of Option Shares: 1,153,846

SCHEDULE III

None.

EXHIBIT A

Form
of Lock-Up Agreement

FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT

April 17, 2025

Maxim Group LLC,

acting as sole underwriter and book runner:

Re: Underwriting Agreement, dated April 17, 2025, by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. and Maxim Group
LLC, acting as sole underwriter and book runner

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned irrevocably agrees that,
from the date hereof until 90 days following the date of the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement)
to be entered into by and between NioCorp Developments Ltd. (the Company) and Maxim Group LLC (the Underwriter),
acting as sole underwriter and book runner (such period, the Restriction Period), relating to the proposed registered
follow-on offering (the Offering) of the Companys common shares, without par value (the Common Shares)
and warrants to purchase Common Shares (together with the Common Shares, the Offered Securities), the undersigned
will not offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of (or enter into any transaction which is designed to,
or might reasonably be expected to, result in the disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to
cash settlement or otherwise) by the undersigned or any Affiliate (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) of the undersigned), directly
or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning
of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with respect to, any Common
Shares or securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into, Common Shares beneficially owned, held or hereafter acquired by the
undersigned (the Lock-Up Securities). Beneficial ownership shall be calculated
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. The Underwriter may consent to an early release from the Restriction Period if,
in its sole and absolute discretion, the market for the Offered Securities would not be adversely impacted by sales and in cases of financial
emergency.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject
to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer the Lock-Up Securities, without the prior consent of the Underwriter, provided that
(1) the Underwriter receives a signed lock-up letter agreement (in the form of this letter agreement) for the balance of the Restriction
Period from each donee, trustee, distributee, or transferee, as the case may be, prior to such transfer, (2) any such transfer shall
not involve a disposition for value, (3) in the case of clauses (ii) through (vi) below, such transfer is not required to be reported
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with the Exchange Act and no report of such transfer shall be made voluntarily,
and (4) neither the undersigned nor any donee, trustee, distributee or transferee, as the case may be, otherwise voluntarily effects
any public filing or report regarding such transfers, with respect to transfer:

i) as a bona fide gift or gifts;

ii) to any immediate family member or to any trust for the direct or indirect
benefit of the undersigned or the immediate family of the undersigned (for purposes of this letter agreement, immediate
family shall mean any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin);

iii) to any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other
business entity all of the equity holders of which consist of the undersigned and/or the immediate family of the undersigned;

iv) if the undersigned is a corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, trust or other business entity (a) to another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other business
entity that is an Affiliate of the undersigned or (b) in the form of a distribution to limited partners, limited liability company
members or stockholders of the undersigned;

v) if the undersigned is a trust, to the beneficiary of such trust;

vi) by will, other testamentary document or intestate succession to the
legal representative, heir, beneficiary or a member of the immediate family of the undersigned; or

vii) pursuant to a bona fide, third-party tender offer, amalgamation, consolidation
or other similar transaction made to all holders of Common Shares and involving a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company,
provided that in the event that such a tender offer, merger, consolidation or other similar transaction is not completed, the Common
Shares owned by the undersigned shall remain subject to the restrictions contained in this letter agreement (for purposes of this
letter agreement, Change of Control shall mean the consummation of any bona fide, third-party tender
offer, amalgamation, consolidation or other similar transaction the result of which is that any person (as defined in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) or group of persons becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act) of
more than 50% of the total voting power of the Companys voting stock).

In addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, this letter
agreement shall not restrict the delivery of Common Shares to the undersigned upon the (i) exercise or vesting of any options or other
equity awards granted under any employee benefit plan of the Company; provided that any Common Shares or other Lock-Up Securities acquired
in connection with any such exercise will be subject to the restrictions set forth in this letter agreement, (ii) exercise of warrants;
provided that such Common Shares delivered to the undersigned in connection with such exercise are subject to the restrictions set forth
in this letter agreement, or (iii) exchange of shares of Class B common stock of Elk Creek Resources Corp.; provided that such Common
Shares delivered to the undersigned in connection with such exchange are subject to the restrictions set forth in this letter agreement.
In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this letter agreement shall not restrict transfers required to cover applicable
exercise price or tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes, in connection with the exercise or vesting of any options or
other equity awards granted under any employee benefit plan of the Company, or upon exercise of warrants, or other similar taxable event,
in each case on a cashless or net exercise basis.

Furthermore, the undersigned may enter into
any new Plan established in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act; provided that (i) except for filings required to be made
by the Company, such Plan may only be established if no public announcement or filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
other applicable regulatory authority, is made in connection with the establishment of such Plan during the Restriction Period and (ii)
no sale of Common Shares are made pursuant to such Plan during the Restriction Period.

The undersigned acknowledges that the
execution, delivery and performance of this letter agreement is a material inducement to the Underwriter to perform under the Underwriting
Agreement and that the Underwriter and the Company (which shall be a third-party beneficiary of this letter agreement) shall be entitled
to specific performance of the undersigneds obligations hereunder. The undersigned hereby represents that the undersigned has the
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this letter agreement, that the undersigned has received adequate consideration therefor
and that the undersigned will indirectly benefit from the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Underwriting Agreement.

This letter agreement may not be amended or
otherwise modified in any respect without the written consent of each of the Company, the Underwriter and the undersigned. This letter
agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict
of laws that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. The undersigned hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States District Court sitting in the Southern District of New York and the courts of the State of New York
located in Manhattan, for the purposes of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this letter agreement, and hereby
waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or proceeding, any claim that (i) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction
of such court, (ii) the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, or (iii) the venue of the suit, action or proceeding
is improper. The undersigned hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit,
action or proceeding by receiving a copy thereof sent to the Company at the address in effect for notices to it under the Underwriting
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. The undersigned hereby
waives any right to a trial by jury. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner
permitted by law. The undersigned agrees and understands that this letter agreement does not intend to create any relationship between
the undersigned and the Underwriter and that no issuance or sale of the Offered Securities is created or intended by virtue of this letter
agreement.

This letter agreement shall automatically terminate,
and the undersigned shall be released from its obligations hereunder, upon the earliest to occur, if any, of (i) the Company advising
the Underwriter in writing, prior to the execution of the Underwriting Agreement, that it has determined not to proceed with the Offering,
(ii) the executed Underwriting Agreement being terminated prior to the closing of the Offering (other than the provisions thereof
that survive termination), and (iii) May 7, 2025, in the event that the Underwriting Agreement has not been executed by such date.

This letter agreement shall be
binding on successors and assigns of the undersigned with respect to the Lock-Up Securities and any such successor or assign shall enter
into a similar agreement for the benefit of the Underwriter.

This letter agreement is intended
for the benefit of the undersigned and the Underwriter and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit
of, nor may, any provisions hereof be enforced by, any other person, except for the Company, which is a third-party beneficiary of this
letter agreement.

*** SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS***

Very truly yours,

Signature

Print Name

Position in Company, if any

EXHIBIT B

Form
of Pre-Funded Warrant

PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Issuance Date: [_______], 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, [_____________] or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial
Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe
for and purchase from NioCorp Developments Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the Company),
up to [______] Common Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one
Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any
Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a
Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market
on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market and are listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX, as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other
cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority
in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Company.

Board of
Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or Canada
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or Province of British Columbia are authorized or required by law or
other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the common shares of the Company, without par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Exchange Act means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means
a day on which the Common Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means
any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE
American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any
successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means
Computershare Investor Services Inc., with offices located at 150 Royal Street, Canton, MA 02021, and any successor transfer agent of
the Company.

Underwriting
Agreement means the underwriting agreement, dated as of [___], 2025, by and among the Company and Maxim Group LLC as representative
of the underwriters named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted on a Trading
Market and are listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB
or OTCQX, and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair
market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest
of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Share purchase warrants of the same series issued by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.

Section 2.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Exercise.

a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any
time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed
PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise).
Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined
in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the
Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank
unless the cashless exercise procedure

specified in Section 2(c) below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise,
nor shall any ink-original or medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) with respect to any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant
Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than
the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise
of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise
price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under this Warrant shall
be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

c)Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise
in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by
(A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice
of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)
of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid Price of the Common Shares
on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders delivery of the Notice
of Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading hours, or within
two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered pursuant to Section
2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless
exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take
on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and that for purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act the holding period
of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked onto the exercising Holders holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Delivery of
Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with the Depository Trust Company
(DTC) through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Transfer Agent is
then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant
Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by
physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the
number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice
of Exercise by the date that is the later of (A) the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise, and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Exercise together with the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) and (B) one (1) Trading Day after
delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) (such date, the Warrant
Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of
delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject
to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not
as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Shares on the date of the applicable
Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery
Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding
and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a
number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Underwriting
Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) the first Trading Day after the Initial Exercise
Date and such Trading Day shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date.

ii.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Delivery
of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of the Holder
and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing
the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Compensation
for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if
the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with

the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000,
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide
the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence
of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;No
Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. If, upon the exercise of this Warrant, the Holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a Warrant Share, the
Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder.

vi.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Charges,
Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other
incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and
such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided,
however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to DTC (or another established
clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

vii.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Closing of
Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant,
pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders Exercise Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect
any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the
Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders
Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership

Limitation (as defined below). 
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of
this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission,
as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common
Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Certain Adjustments.

a)Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a share dividend or
otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common
Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii)
subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse share split) outstanding
Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Shares any securities of the Company, then
in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding
treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common

Shares outstanding immediately after
such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the
terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the
number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Common Shares are to be determined
for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that the Holders right to participate
in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled
to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares as a result of such Purchase Right
to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right
thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall distribute to all holders of
Common Shares (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights or warrants
to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be adjusted by
multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of shareholders entitled to receive
such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned above, and of which
the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less the then per share fair market value at such record date of the portion of such
assets or evidence of indebtedness so distributed applicable to one outstanding Common Share as determined by the Board of Directors in
good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided to the Holder of the portion of assets or evidences
of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one Common Share. Such adjustment shall be made whenever any
such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person,
(ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct
or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which
holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted
by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the
Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively converted into
or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
merger, amalgamation or arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater than
50% of the outstanding Common Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such

Fundamental Transaction, the same amount
and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction
if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise
in full of this Warrant without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant (the Alternate Consideration).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable
upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that
from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally),
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company
prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this
Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named
as the Company herein.

e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share,
as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)Notice to Holder.

i.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Adjustment
to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly
deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number
of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Notice
to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common
Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall
authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any securities of any class
or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the
Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) is a party, any sale or transfer of all
or

substantially all of its assets, or any
compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize
the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall
cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register (as defined below)
of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares
of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable,
in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written
assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto properly completed and duly executed by the Holder or its agent or
attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required,
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable,
and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing
the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full,
in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers
an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised
by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office
of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the initial issuance date of
this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose
(the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat
the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5.&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;&hairsp;Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and upon surrender and cancellation
of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or share certificate of like tenor
and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day.

d)Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is
outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of
this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure
that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived or consented
to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the
par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result
in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain
all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having
jurisdiction thereof.

e)Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts
of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Each party agrees that all legal
proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Warrant (whether brought
against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall
be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof
via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices
to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party
shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding
shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered,
and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by provincial, state and federal securities
laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder
shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other
provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in
any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses,
including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, excluding those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting
any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without
limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight
courier service, addressed to the Company, at 7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115, Centennial, Colorado, 80112, Attention: Neal Shah,
email address: [***], or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the
Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered
personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the e-mail address or
address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed
given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail
address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent
by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be
given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company
or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or

privileges of the Holder, shall give
rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability
is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted
assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and
shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision
shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be
deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

By: 

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money
of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the
cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise
this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in
subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of
Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh4-1_prefundedwarrant.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF PRE-FUNDED WARRANT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

Warrant Shares: [_______] Issuance Date: [_______], 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON SHARE PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant)
certifies that, for value received, [_____________] or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject
to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date hereof (the Initial
Exercise Date) until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe
for and purchase from NioCorp Developments Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the Company),
up to [______] Common Shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one
Warrant Share under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions.
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any
Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a
Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Bid Price means,
for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Shares for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market
on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg) (based on a Trading
Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market and are listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX, as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for
trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or
agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other
cases, the fair market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority
in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by
the Company.

Board of
Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or Canada
or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York or Province of British Columbia are authorized or required by law or
other governmental action to close.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Shares means the common shares of the Company, without par value, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Share Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Shares, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred shares, right, option, warrant or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Shares.

Exchange Act means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company,
joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed
or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means
a day on which the Common Shares are traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means
any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Shares are listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE
American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any
successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means
Computershare Investor Services Inc., with offices located at 150 Royal Street, Canton, MA 02021, and any successor transfer agent of
the Company.

Underwriting
Agreement means the underwriting agreement, dated as of [___], 2025, by and among the Company and Maxim Group LLC as representative
of the underwriters named therein, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms.

VWAP
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Shares are then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Shares are then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted on a Trading
Market and are listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such date (or
the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Shares are not then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB
or OTCQX, and if prices for the Common Shares are then reported on the Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding
to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per Common Share so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair
market value of a Common Share as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest
of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

Warrants
means this Warrant and other Common Share purchase warrants of the same series issued by the Company pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a)Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the
Company of a duly executed PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the
Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver
the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers
check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure

specified in Section 2(c) below is specified
in the applicable Notice of Exercise. The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise,
nor shall any ink-original or medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) with respect to any Notice of Exercise
be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to
the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in
which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which
the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the
total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number
of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b)Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise
price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Initial Exercise Date and, consequently, no additional
consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person
to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid
aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever. The remaining unpaid exercise price per Warrant Share under
this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price). 

c)Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by
means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is
not a Trading Day or (2) delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours
(as defined in Rule 600(b) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) the highest Bid
Price of the Common Shares on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg within two (2) hours of the time of the Holders
delivery of the Notice of Exercise pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof if such Notice of Exercise is delivered during regular trading
hours, or within two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day or (iii) the VWAP on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is delivered
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after two (2) hours following the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = the Exercise Price of this Warrant,
as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = the number of Warrant Shares that
would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash
exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless
exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take
on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and that for purposes of Rule 144 under the Securities Act the holding period
of the Warrant Shares being issued may be tacked onto the exercising Holders holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees
not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

d) Mechanics of Exercise. 

i.Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased
hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees
balance account with the Depository Trust Company (DTC) through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC)
if the Transfer Agent is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the
issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise,
and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its
designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the
Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the later of (A) the earlier of (i) one (1) Trading Day after the delivery to the
Company of the Notice of Exercise, and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to
the Company of the Notice of Exercise together with the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) and
(B) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company (other than in the case of a cashless exercise)
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the
case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share Delivery Date. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder
the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash,
as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common
Shares on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $5 per Trading Day (increasing to $10 per Trading Day on the third Trading
Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are
delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program
so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the
standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the
Common Shares as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s)
of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Initial Exercise Date, which may be delivered at any time
after the time of execution of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s)
the first Trading Day after the Initial Exercise Date and such Trading Day shall be the Warrant Share Delivery Date for purposes hereunder,
provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received by such Warrant Share
Delivery Date.

ii.Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part,
the Company shall, at the request of the Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant
Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for
by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii.Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder
the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such
exercise.

iv.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition
to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares
in accordance with

the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above
pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction
of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In),
then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant
Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the
sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of
the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed
rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of Common Shares that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise
and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Shares having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover
a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Warrants with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000,
under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide
the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence
of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder,
at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely deliver Common Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares
shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. If, upon the exercise of this Warrant, the Holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a Warrant Share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Warrant Shares to be issued to
the Holder.

vi.Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the
Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes
and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names
as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other
than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer
tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all
fees to DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the
Warrant Shares.

vii.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its shareholder books or records in any manner
which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e)Holders Exercise Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant,
pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable
Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the
Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess
of the Beneficial Ownership

Limitation (as defined below). 
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of Common Shares beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution
Parties shall include the number of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of Common Shares which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of
this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised
or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Share Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is
exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders
determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates
and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any
group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding Common Shares, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding Common Shares as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission,
as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer
Agent setting forth the number of Common Shares outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within
three (3) Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of Common Shares then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding Common Shares shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding Common
Shares was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the
Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common
Shares upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase
in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company.
The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of
this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial
Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation.
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a)Share Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding:
(i) pays a share dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent
securities payable in Common Shares (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Shares issued by the Company upon exercise
of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
share split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of Common Shares any securities
of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common
Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number
of Common

Shares outstanding immediately after
such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate
Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately
after the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b)Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above,
if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Share Equivalents or rights to purchase shares, warrants, securities or
other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Shares (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder
will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have
acquired if the Holder had held the number of Common Shares acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations
on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders
of Common Shares are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, that, to the extent that
the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such Common Shares
as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until
such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c)Pro Rata Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, shall
distribute to all holders of Common Shares (and not to the Holder) evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends)
or rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security other than the Common Shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price
shall be adjusted by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of shareholders
entitled to receive such distribution by a fraction of which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record date mentioned
above, and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on such record date less the then per share fair market value at such record date
of the portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness so distributed applicable to one outstanding Common Share as determined by the
Board of Directors in good faith. In either case the adjustments shall be described in a statement provided to the Holder of the portion
of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or such subscription rights applicable to one Common Share. Such adjustment shall
be made whenever any such distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the record date mentioned above.

d)Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company,
directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger, amalgamation, arrangement or consolidation of the Company
with or into another Person, (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease,
license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related
transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person)
is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash
or property and has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares or greater than 50% of the voting
power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares are effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
spin-off, merger, amalgamation or arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires greater
than 50% of the outstanding Common Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental
Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant
Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental

Transaction, the same amount and kind
of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had
been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full
of this Warrant without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant (the Alternate Consideration).
For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one Common Share in such Fundamental Transaction,
and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value
of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Shares are given any choice as to the securities, cash
or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in
a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the Common Shares acquirable and receivable
upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction,
and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the Common Shares pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares
of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence
of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall be added to the term Company under this Warrant (so that
from and after the occurrence or consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, each and every provision of this Warrant referring to the
Company shall refer instead to each of the Company and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally),
and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally with the Company, may exercise every right and power of the Company
prior thereto and the Successor Entity or Successor Entities shall assume all of the obligations of the Company prior thereto under this
Warrant with the same effect as if the Company and such Successor Entity or Successor Entities, jointly and severally, had been named
as the Company herein.

e)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of Common Shares deemed to be issued and outstanding
as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f)Notice to Holder. 

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision
of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment
and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other
distribution in whatever form) on the Common Shares, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption
of the Common Shares, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Shares rights or warrants to subscribe
for or purchase any securities of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any shareholders of the Company shall be required in
connection with any reclassification of the Common Shares, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries)
is a party, any sale or transfer of all or

substantially all of its assets, or any
compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Shares are converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize
the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall
cause to be delivered by email to the Holder at its last email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register (as defined below)
of the Company, at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating
(x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a
record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Shares of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer
or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Shares
of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Shares for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in
the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that
any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain
entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering
such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a)Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any
registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its
designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto properly completed and
duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer.
Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the
assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue
to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned
in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b)New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation
hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants
are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may
be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant
or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the
initial issuance date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant
thereto. 

c)Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by
the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The
Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or
any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Shareholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash. This Warrant does not entitle
the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in
Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless
exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event
shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt
by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any share certificate
relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it, and
upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or share certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or
share certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or share certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action
or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may
be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d)Authorized Shares. 

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is
outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Shares a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance
of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of
this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon
the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure
that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements
of the Trading Market upon which the Common Shares may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon
the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant
and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free
from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the extent as waived or consented
to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through
any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in
the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder
as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the
par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value,
(ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions
or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result
in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain
all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having
jurisdiction thereof.

e)Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. Each
party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this
Warrant (whether brought against a party hereto or their respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein,
and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding.
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. If either party shall commence an action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, the prevailing party in
such action, suit or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for their reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and
expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of
this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by provincial,
state and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right
hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies.
Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this
Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, excluding those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders
hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115, Centennial, Colorado,
80112, Attention: Neal Shah, email address: [***], or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes
by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in
writing and delivered personally, by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at
the e-mail address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via
e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day
after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section
on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information
regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by
the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or

privileges of the Holder, shall give
rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Shares or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liability
is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law,
including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary
damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby
agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights
and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company
and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from
time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l)Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the
written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder or the beneficial owner of this Warrant, on the other hand.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such
manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under
applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder
of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and
shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused
this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

By: 

Name:

Title:

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: NIOCORP DEVELOPMENTS LTD.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant
(only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes,
if any.

(2)Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States;
or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with
respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of
Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute
this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and
all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name: 

(Please Print)

Address: 

(Please Print)

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _______________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh5-1_blakesopinion.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF BLAKE, CASSELS & GRAYDON LLP
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

Blake,
Cassels & Graydon LLP

Barristers & Solicitors

Patent & Trademark Agents

1133 Melville Street

Suite 3500, The Stack

Vancouver, B.C. V6E 4E5 Canada

Tel: 604-631-3300 Fax: 604-631-3309

April 21, 2025

Exhibit 5.1

NioCorp Developments Ltd.

7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115

Centennial, CO

80112 

Re: Offering of 6,628,846 Common Shares and 1,063,462 Pre-Funded Warrants of NioCorp Developments Ltd. 

Dear Sirs/Mesdames:

We have acted as Canadian counsel to NioCorp Developments Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws of British Columbia (the Company), in connection with the offer and sale (the Offering) by the Company of: (i) 6,628,846 common shares in the capital of the Company (the Common Shares), and up to 1,153,846 additional Common Shares issuable upon
exercise of an option (the Over-Allotment Option) to purchase additional Common Shares granted to the Underwriter (as defined below) (collectively, the Offered Shares); and (ii) 1,063,462 pre-funded Common Share purchase warrants of the Company (the Pre-Funded Warrants), pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed on June 13, 2024 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act) and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on June 27, 2024 (Registration No. 333-280176) (the Registration Statement), the base prospectus, dated June 27, 2024, included in the Registration Statement (the Base Prospectus), and the prospectus supplement related to the Offered Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants filed by the Company with the Commission on April 18, 2025 pursuant to Rule
424(b)(5) promulgated under the Securities Act (together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

The Offering is being made pursuant to the terms of
an underwriting agreement dated April 17, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement) by and between the Company and Maxim
Group LLC, as the sole underwriter (the Underwriter).

Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable by the holder
thereof at any time following the date of issuance in accordance with its terms for one common share of the Company (a Warrant
Share) at a nominal exercise price of US$0.0001 per Warrant Share. Reference in this opinion to Offered Shares shall include
Offered Shares that comprise the Over-Allotment Option.

In connection with giving this opinion, we have examined
the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto) and the Prospectus. We have also examined and considered originally executed copies,
certified copies, photostatic copies and/or electronically transmitted copies of each of the following documents (collectively, the Documents):

(a) the Companys articles and notice of articles;

(b) a certificate of good standing dated April 17, 2025 issued by the British
Columbia Registrar of Companies pursuant to the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) relating to the Company (the Certificate
of Good Standing);

(c) the Underwriting Agreement;

(d) the form of certificate representing the Pre-Funded Warrants;

TORONTO CALGARY VANCOUVER MONTREAL OTTAWA NEW YORK LONDON 

Blake,
Cassels & Graydon LLP | blakes.com

Blake,
Cassels & Graydon LLP

Barristers & Solicitors

Patent & Trademark Agents

1133 Melville Street

Suite 3500, The Stack

Vancouver, B.C. V6E 4E5 Canada

Tel: 604-631-3300 Fax: 604-631-3309

(e) the form of certificate representing the Offered Shares and Warrant Shares;
and

(f) such other documents, statutes, regulations, and public and corporate records
as we have deemed appropriate to give this opinion. 

We have relied upon the factual matters contained in
the representations and other factual statements of the Company made in the Documents and upon certificates of public officials and the
officers of the Company.

In giving this opinion, we have assumed:

(a) the genuineness of all signatures, the legal capacity of natural persons,
the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us
as duplicates or certified or conformed copies, and the authenticity of the originals of all such latter documents; 

(b) that the covenants, acknowledgements, representations and warranties of
each of the parties to the Documents are true and accurate in all material respects; 

(c) to the extent a party to any of the Documents has executed or delivered
each of the Documents to which it is a party outside the Province of British Columbia, such party has done so in compliance with the formal
requirements of the laws of the jurisdiction in which such document has been executed; and

(d) that each of the parties (other than the Company) executing any of the Documents
has, to the extent applicable, duly and validly executed and delivered each of the Documents to which such party is a signatory and such
parties had the capacity to do so and to perform their obligations thereunder, and such Documents or agreements constitute legal, valid
and binding obligations of all parties thereto and are enforceable in accordance with their respective terms against all parties thereto;
and

The opinions expressed herein are limited to
matters governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein.

In giving the opinion in paragraph 1 we have
relied solely upon the Certificate of Good Standing.

Based and relying upon and subject to the foregoing,
we are of the opinion that:

1. The Company is incorporated and validly existing as a corporation in good
standing with respect to the filing of annual reports under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

2. The Offered Shares to be issued and sold by the Company have been duly authorized
by the Company and, when the Offered Shares are issued and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Offered
Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares in the capital of the Company.

3. The Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly and validly authorized, executed
and delivered by the Company (to the extent that execution and delivery are governed by the laws of British Columbia).

4. The Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued and sold by the Company, when issued
and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will be validly created and issued securities of the Company
and, upon receipt by the Company of the payment or satisfaction of the exercise price for the Pre-Funded

TORONTO CALGARY VANCOUVER MONTREAL OTTAWA NEW YORK LONDON 

Blake,
Cassels & Graydon LLP | blakes.com

Blake,
Cassels & Graydon LLP

Barristers & Solicitors

Patent & Trademark Agents

1133 Melville Street

Suite 3500, The Stack

Vancouver, B.C. V6E 4E5 Canada

Tel: 604-631-3300 Fax: 604-631-3309

Warrants in accordance with the terms
thereof, the Warrant Shares will be validly issued by the Company as fully paid and non-assessable shares in the capital of the Company.

We hereby consent to the reference to our firm
under the caption Legal Matters in the Prospectus and to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Prospectus
for incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement.

This opinion is effective as at the date hereof
and is based upon laws in effect and facts in existence as at the date hereof. We express no opinion as to the effect of future laws or
judicial decisions on the subject matter hereof, nor do we undertake any duty to modify this opinion to reflect subsequent facts or developments
concerning the Company or developments in the law occurring after the date hereof.

Yours truly,

/s/ Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP

TORONTO CALGARY VANCOUVER MONTREAL OTTAWA NEW YORK LONDON 

Blake,
Cassels & Graydon LLP | blakes.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh5-2_jonesdayopinion.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION OF JONES DAY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.2

JONES
DAY

NORTH
POINT 901 LAKESIDE AVENUE CLEVELAND, OHIO 44114.1190

TELEPHONE:
+1.216.586.3939 JONESDAY.COM

April 21, 2025

NioCorp Developments Ltd.

7000 South Yosemite Street, Suite 115

Centennial, Colorado 80112

Re: Up to 7,782,692 Common Shares and up to 1,063,462 Pre-Funded Warrants
to Purchase an Aggregate of up to an additional 1,063,462 Common Shares of NioCorp Developments
Ltd. 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel for NioCorp Developments
Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the Company), in connection
with the issuance and sale by the Company of up to 7,782,692 shares (the Shares) of the Companys common
shares, without par value (the Common Shares), and up to 1,063,462 pre-funded warrants (the Warrants)
to purchase an aggregate of up to an additional 1,063,462 Common Shares (the Warrant Shares, and such Warrant
Shares collectively with the Shares and the Warrants, the Securities) pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
dated as of April 17, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC.

In connection with the opinion expressed herein,
we have examined such documents, records and matters of law as we have deemed relevant or necessary for purposes of such opinion. Based
on the foregoing, and subject to the further limitations, qualifications and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that
the Warrants, when issued and delivered to the Underwriter pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement against payment of the consideration
therefor as provided therein, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company.

In rendering the opinion set forth above, we
have assumed that: (i) the Company is a corporation existing and in good standing under the laws of the Province of British Columbia,
(ii) each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Warrants have been (A) authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and
(B) executed and delivered by the Company under the laws of Canada (including the laws of the provinces thereof), (iii) the execution,
delivery, performance and compliance with the terms and provisions of each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Warrants by the Company
do not violate or conflict with the laws of Canada (including the laws of the provinces thereof) or the terms and provisions of the notice
of articles or the articles of the Company, (iv) the choice of New York law to govern each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Warrants
and the choice of New York forum provisions thereof are valid choices under the laws of Canada (including the laws of the provinces thereof)
and (v) each of the Underwriting Agreement and the Warrants is a valid and binding obligation of each party thereto other than the Company.

AMSTERDAM 
ATLANTA BEIJING BOSTON BRISBANE BRUSSELS CHICAGO CLEVELAND COLUMBUS 
DALLAS DETROIT DUBAI DSSELDORF FRANKFURT HONG KONG HOUSTON IRVINE LONDON 
LOS ANGELES MADRID MELBOURNE MEXICO CITY MIAMI MILAN MINNEAPOLIS MUNICH 
NEW YORK PARIS PERTH PITTSBURGH SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO SO PAULO SHANGHAI 
SILICON VALLEY SINGAPORE SYDNEY TAIPEI TOKYO WASHINGTON

JONES
DAY

NioCorp Developments Ltd.

April 21, 2025

Page 2

Further, it is understood that we express no
opinion with respect to any matters relating to the Common Shares that are governed by the laws of Canada (including the laws of the provinces
thereof), including, without limitation, the authorization, issuance or delivery of the Shares, or any matters relating to the Warrant
Shares that may be issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. In this regard, (x) we have further assumed that (1) the resolutions of the
Board of Directors of the Company authorizing the issuance or sale of the Warrant Shares on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Warrants will be in full force and effect at all times at which any such Warrant Shares are issued or sold by the Company
and (2) the Company will take no action inconsistent with such resolutions, including, without limitation, by causing more Common Shares
to be issued than then remain authorized but unissued under the Warrants and (y) we express no opinion to the extent that adjustments
to the Warrants or the exercise price thereunder may cause the Warrants to be exercisable for more Common Shares than then remain authorized
but unissued.

The opinion expressed herein is limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer and fraudulent conveyance, voidable preference, moratorium or other similar laws and related
regulations and judicial doctrines from time to time in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, and by general
equitable principles and public policy considerations, whether such principles and considerations are considered in a proceeding at law
or at equity.

As to facts material to the opinion and assumptions
expressed herein, we have relied upon oral or written statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company
and others. The opinion expressed herein is limited to the laws of the State of New York, as currently in effect, and we express no opinion
as to the effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
as Exhibit 5.2 to the Current Report filed on Form 8-K dated the date hereof and incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-280176) (the Registration Statement), filed by the Company to effect the
registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act) and to the reference
to Jones Day under the caption Legal Matters in the prospectus supplement constituting a part of such Registration Statement.
In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we are included in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section
7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated thereunder.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Jones Day
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED APRIL 21, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1 

NioCorp Announces Closing of Underwritten Public Offering, Including Partial Exercise of 

Underwriters Option, for Total Gross Proceeds of Approximately $20.8 Million

CENTENNIAL, CO / ACCESSWIRE / April 21, 2025 / NioCorp Developments Ltd. ("NioCorp" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:NB) today announced the closing of its previously announced underwritten public offering in the United States (the Offering). The Offering consisted of 7,692,308 common shares, without par value, of the
Company (Common Shares) (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof). Each Common Share was sold at a public offering price of $2.60. The gross proceeds from the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, were approximately $20.0 million.

In addition, on the closing date, the underwriter exercised in part its option to purchase up to an additional 323,504 Common Shares pursuant to the over-allotment option granted to the underwriter in connection with the offering for additional gross proceeds of approximately $0.8 million. As a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, no further exercises of the over-allotment option may take place
and the Offering is closed in its entirety.

Maxim Group LLC acted as sole book-running manager and underwriter for the Offering.

The Offering was made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280176), previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 13, 2024 and subsequently declared effective by the SEC on June 27, 2024. NioCorp was permitted to offer and sell securities in both the United States and other jurisdictions outside of Canada. No securities were
offered or sold to Canadian purchasers in the Offering.

A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the Offering and describing the terms thereof has been filed with the SEC and forms a part of the effective registration statement and is available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and on the Companys profile on the SEDAR+ website at www.sedarplus.ca. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus may be obtained
by contacting Maxim Group LLC, at 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Syndicate Department, or by telephone at (212) 895-3745 or by email at syndicate@maximgrp.com.

FOR MORE INFORMATION:

Jim Sims, Corporate Communications Officer, NioCorp Developments Ltd., (720) 334-7066, jim.sims@niocorp.com

@NioCorp $NB #Niobium #Scandium #rareearth #neodymium #dysprosium #terbium #ElkCreek #EV #electricvehicle

ABOUT NIOCORP

NioCorp is developing the Elk Creek Project that is expected to produce niobium, scandium, and titanium. The Company also is evaluating the potential to produce several rare earths from the Elk Creek Project. Niobium is used to produce specialty alloys as well as High Strength, Low Alloy steel, which is a lighter, stronger steel used in automotive, structural, and pipeline applications. Scandium is a specialty
metal that can be combined with Aluminum to make alloys with increased strength and

improved corrosion resistance. Scandium is also a critical component of advanced solid oxide fuel cells. Titanium is used in various lightweight alloys and is a key component of pigments used in paper, paint and plastics and is also used for aerospace applications, armor, and medical implants. Magnetic rare earths, such as neodymium, praseodymium, terbium, and dysprosium are critical to the making of neodymium-iron-boron
magnets, which are used across a wide variety of defense and civilian applications.

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the intended use of the net proceeds of the Offering; NioCorp's expectation of producing niobium,
scandium, and titanium, and the potential of producing rare earths, at the Elk Creek Project; and NioCorps ability to secure sufficient project financing to complete construction of the Elk Creek Project and move it to commercial operation. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, outlook, estimate, forecast, project,
continue, could, may, might, possible, potential, predict, should, would and other similar words and expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the management of NioCorp and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of such statement. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Forward-looking statements reflect material expectations and assumptions,
including, without limitation, expectations and assumptions relating to: NioCorps ability to receive sufficient project financing for the construction of the Elk Creek Project on acceptable terms or at all; the future price of metals; the stability of the financial and capital markets; NioCorps ability to service debt and meet the payment obligations thereunder and current estimates and assumptions regarding the business combination with GX Acquisition Corp. II (the Business Combination)
and the standby equity purchase agreement (the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement and, together with the Business Combination, the Transactions) with YA II PN, Ltd., an investment fund managed by Yorkville Advisors Global, LP, and their benefits. Such expectations and assumptions are inherently subject to uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
or other factors that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed and identified in public filings made by NioCorp with the SEC and with the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the following: NioCorps ability to consummate the Offering; NioCorps ability to use the net proceeds of the Offering in
a manner that will increase the value of shareholders investment; NioCorps ability to operate as a going concern; NioCorps requirement of significant additional capital; NioCorps ability to receive sufficient project financing for the construction of the Elk Creek Project on acceptable terms or at all; NioCorps ability to receive a final commitment of financing from the Export-Import Bank of the United States on an acceptable timeline, on acceptable terms, or at
all; NioCorps ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Transactions, including NioCorps ability

to access the full amount of the expected net proceeds under the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement; NioCorps ability to continue to meet the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; risks relating to NioCorps common shares, including price volatility, lack of dividend payments and dilution or the perception of the likelihood of any of the foregoing; the extent to which NioCorps
level of indebtedness and/or the terms contained in agreements governing NioCorps indebtedness or the Yorkville Equity Facility Financing Agreement may impair NioCorps ability to obtain additional financing; covenants contained in agreements with NioCorps secured creditors that may affect its assets; NioCorps limited operating history; NioCorps history of losses; the material weaknesses in NioCorps internal control over financial reporting, NioCorps
efforts to remediate such material weaknesses and the timing of remediation; the possibility that NioCorp may qualify as a passive foreign investment company under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); the potential that the Transactions could result in NioCorp becoming subject to materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences as a result of the application of Section 7874 and related sections of the Code; cost increases for NioCorps exploration
and, if warranted, development projects; a disruption in, or failure of, NioCorps information technology systems, including those related to cybersecurity; equipment and supply shortages; variations in the market demand for, and prices of, niobium, scandium, titanium and rare earth products; current and future offtake agreements, joint ventures, and partnerships; NioCorps ability to attract qualified management; estimates of mineral resources and reserves; mineral exploration and production
activities; feasibility study results; the results of metallurgical testing; the results of technological research; changes in demand for and price of commodities (such as fuel and electricity) and currencies; competition in the mining industry; changes or disruptions in the securities markets; legislative, political or economic developments, including changes in federal and/or state laws that may significantly affect the mining industry; trade policies and tensions, including tariffs; inflationary
pressures; the impacts of climate change, as well as actions taken or required by governments related to strengthening resilience in the face of potential impacts from climate change; the need to obtain permits and comply with laws and regulations and other regulatory requirements; the timing and reliability of sampling and assay data; the possibility that actual results of work may differ from projections/expectations or may not realize the perceived potential of NioCorps projects; risks of
accidents, equipment breakdowns, and labor disputes or other unanticipated difficulties or interruptions; the possibility of cost overruns or unanticipated expenses in development programs; operating or technical difficulties in connection with exploration, mining, or development activities; management of the water balance at the Elk Creek Project site; land reclamation requirements related to the Elk Creek Project; the speculative nature of mineral exploration and development, including the risks
of diminishing quantities of grades of reserves and resources; claims on the title to NioCorps properties; potential future litigation; and NioCorps lack of insurance covering all of NioCorp's operations.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of the assumptions made by the management of NioCorp prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the matters addressed herein and attributable to NioCorp or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to herein. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, NioCorp undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

SOURCE: NioCorp Developments Ltd.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>nb-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>nb-20250417_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>nb-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Shares, without par value 

Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>nb-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>n2574_blakes.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41655

Entity Registrant Name NioCorp Developments Ltd.

Entity Central Index Key 0001512228

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1262185

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code A1

Entity Address, Address Line One 7000 South Yosemite Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 115

Entity Address, City or Town Centennial

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80112

City Area Code (720)

Local Phone Number 334-7066

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Shares, without par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Shares, without par value

Trading Symbol NB

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares

Trading Symbol NIOBW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NB_CommonSharesWithoutParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=NB_WarrantsEachExercisableFor1.11829212CommonSharesMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://niocorp.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

n2574_x260-8k.htm 
nb-20250417.xsd 
nb-20250417_def.xml 
nb-20250417_lab.xml 
nb-20250417_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>0001539497-25-001179-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>n2574_x260-8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001512228 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001512228 

NB:CommonSharesWithoutParValueMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

0001512228 

NB:WarrantsEachExercisableFor1.11829212CommonSharesMember 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001512228 
A1 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 
NioCorp Developments Ltd. 
NioCorp Developments Ltd. 
NioCorp Developments Ltd. 
NioCorp Developments Ltd. 
001-41655 
98-1262185 
7000 South Yosemite Street 
Suite 115 
Centennial 
CO 
80112 
(720) 
(720) 
(720) 
(720) 
334-7066 
334-7066 
334-7066 
334-7066 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, without par value 
Common Shares, without par value 
Common Shares, without par value 
Common Shares, without par value 
NB 
NB 
NB 
NB 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares 
Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares 
Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares 
Warrants, each exercisable for 1.11829212 Common Shares 
NIOBW 
NIOBW 
NIOBW 
NIOBW 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
NASDAQ 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>