<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001641172-25-001796.txt : 20250331
<SEC-HEADER>0001641172-25-001796.hdr.sgml : 20250331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250331164153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641172-25-001796
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250325
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GameSquare Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001714562
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39389
		FILM NUMBER:		25794115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6775 COWBOYS WAY, STE. 1335
		CITY:			FRISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-931-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6775 COWBOYS WAY, STE. 1335
		CITY:			FRISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75034

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Engine Gaming & Media, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Engine Media Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200818

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Torque Esports Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000171456200017145622025-03-252025-03-25iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 25, 2025

GameSquare
Holdings, Inc.

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-39389 99-1946435

(State
or Other Jurisdiction

of
Incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

6775
Cowboys Way, Ste. 1335

Frisco,
Texas, USA 75034

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (216)464-6400

N/A

(Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share GAME The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 25, 2025, GameSquare Holdings, Inc. (the Company), entered into a secured promissory note (the Promissory
Note) with Blue & Silver Ventures, Ltd. The principal amount of $2,000,000 under the Promissory Note is payable on demand
and no later than July 1, 2025. The Promissory Note bears interest at a rate of ten percent (10%) per annum, with a default interest
rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum, and is payable on demand and no later than July 1, 2025 with the principal amount. The Company,
at its option, may prepay the Promissory Note, in whole or in part, without a prepayment penalty of any kind.

In
connection with the Promissory Note, the Company entered into a security agreement, by and between the Company and Blue & Silver
Ventures, Ltd. (the Security Agreement) to provide a security interest in the assets of the Company to Blue & Silver
Ventures, Ltd. in order to secure the obligations underlying the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note and the Security Agreement were
approved by the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Company at a board meeting.

The
foregoing descriptions of the Security Agreement and the Note are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
full text of the Agreements filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

Item
2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The
disclosures set forth in Item 1.01 with respect to the Promissory Note and Security Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Item
2.03 by reference.

Item
7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On
March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the transactions referenced herein. A copy of the press release is furnished
hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

The
information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed to be filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits.

Exhibit
Number Description

10.1 Promissory Note, dated as of March 25, 2025, by and between GameSquare Holdings, Inc. and Blue & Silver Ventures, Ltd.

10.2 Security Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2025, by and between GameSquare Holdings, Inc. and Blue & Silver Ventures, Ltd.

99.1 Press Release of GameSquare Holdings, Inc. issued on March 31, 2025.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

GAMESQUARE
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Registrant)

Date:
March 31, 2025 By: /s/
Justin Kenna

Name: Justin
Kenna

Title: Chief
Executive Officer and Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

MASTER
PROMISSORY NOTE

$2,000,000 March
25, 2025

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, GameSquare Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower),
hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of Blue & Silver Ventures, Ltd. or its assigns (the Lender,
and together with the Borrower, the Parties), at its One Cowboys Way #100, Frisco, Texas 75034 office, the principal
amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) (which aggregate unpaid principal amount shall be equal to the amount set forth opposite the
date last appearing on Schedule A attached to this Master Promissory Note (as the same may be amended, supplemented, or modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms, the Note)). This Note evidences advances made by the Lender in its sole
discretion to the Borrower (Advances).

1.
Definitions; Interpretation.

1.1
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1.

Advances
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

Lender
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

Beneficial
Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Board
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor thereto).

Borrower
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

Business
Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial Lenders in Texas are authorized or required
by law to close.

Change
in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Note of (a) the adoption or effectiveness of any law, rule, regulation,
judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation,
implementation or application by any Governmental Authority of any law, rule, regulation or treaty or (c) the making or issuance by any
Governmental Authority of any request, rule, guideline or directive, whether or not having the force of law; provided that, notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, all requests, rules, guidelines or directives under or issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended, all interpretations and applications thereof and any compliance by the
Lender with any request or directive relating thereto shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless
of the date enacted, adopted, or issued.

Default
Rate means fifteen percent (15%).

Event
of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 10.

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes, imposed on or with respect to the Lender: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net
income (however denominated) and franchise Taxes; and (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States or any similar Tax imposed
by any other jurisdiction.

Governmental
Authority means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency,
authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central Bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing,
regulatory or administrative powers or functions of, or pertaining to, government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European
Union or the European Central Bank).

Indemnified
Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by the Borrower under this
Note or any other Line Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes.

Interest
Payment Date means:

(a)
as to any Advance, the date of any prepayment or payment of an Advance.

Law
means, as to any Person, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person,
and any law (including common law), statute, ordinance, treaty, rule, regulation, order, decree, judgment, writ, injunction, settlement
agreement, requirement or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding
upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

Line
Documents means this Note, the Security Agreement, and all other agreements, documents, certificates and instruments executed
and delivered to the Lender by the Borrower or any Guarantor in connection herewith or therewith.

Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent),
operations, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (b) the validity or enforceability of this Note or any other Line
Document, (c) the perfection or priority of any lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance purported to be created under the
Security Agreement, (d) the rights or remedies of the Lender hereunder or under any other Line Document or (e) the ability of the Borrower
or any Guarantor to perform any of its material obligations hereunder or under any other Line Document.

Note
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

2

Other
Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court, recording, filing, intangible, documentary or similar Taxes or any
other excise or property Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Line Document or
from the execution, delivery, enforcement or registration of, or performance under, or from the receipt of payments under or perfection
of a security interest under or otherwise with respect to, this Note or any other Line Document (other than Excluded Taxes imposed with
respect to an assignment).

Parties
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

Person
means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, limited or general partnership,
unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature.

Security
Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between (a) the Borrower and each Guarantor and
(b) the Lender.

Taxes
means any and all present or future income, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, fees or withholdings
imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties imposed
thereon and with respect thereto.

USA
PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct
Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001).

1.2
Interpretation.

(a)
For purposes of this Note (i) the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to
be followed by the words without limitation, (ii) the word or is not exclusive and (iii) the words herein,
hereof, hereby, hereto and hereunder refer to this Note as a whole and not to
any particular provision hereof.

(b)
The definitions given for any defined terms in this Note shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.

(c)
Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.

(d)
Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein to (i) Schedules, Exhibits and Sections mean the Schedules, Exhibits and Sections
of this Note, (ii) an agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented
and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and (iii) a statute means such statute as amended from
time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder.

3

(e)
This Note shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting
an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted.

2.
Making the Advances.

2.1
Netting of Advances. If the Lender shall make a new Advance on a day on which the Borrower is to repay an Advance, the Lender
shall apply the proceeds of the new Advance to make such repayment, and only the amount by which the amount being advanced exceeds the
amount being repaid shall be made available to the Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Note.

2.2
Method of Funding Advances. At the Borrowers option, the Lender shall credit a deposit account maintained by the Borrower
at the Lender in the amount of an Advance or transfer the proceeds of an Advance to a Lender designated by the Borrower for credit to
an account designated by the Borrower maintained at such Lender. The Borrower agrees that the crediting of the amount of an Advance to
the Borrowers deposit account maintained at the Lender or the origination of a payment order for a funds transfer of the proceeds
of an Advance in accordance with the instructions of the Borrower shall constitute conclusive evidence that such Advance was made. Neither
the failure of the Lender to indorse on Schedule A the amount of any Advance, nor the failure of the Lender designated by the Borrower
to credit the proceeds of any Advance to the designated account maintained at such Lender, shall affect the Borrowers obligations
hereunder.

3.
Payment Dates; Optional Prepayments.

3.1
Payment Dates. Subject to any earlier payment of interest that may be required by Section 5.2, the unpaid principal amount of
each Advance and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be payable ON DEMAND and as provided in Section 10. The Borrower shall
repay the full amount of any advances made under this Line of Credit, together with all accrued interest and any applicable fees, in
full to the Lender no later than July 1, 2025.

3.2
Optional Prepayments. The Borrower may prepay any Advance in whole or in part at any time or from time to time without penalty
or premium by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment.

4.
Security Agreement.

The
Borrowers performance of its obligations hereunder is secured by a first priority security interest in the collateral specified
in the Security Agreement executed by the Borrower.

5.
Interest.

5.1
Interest Rate.

(a)
Except as otherwise provided herein, the outstanding principal amount of each Advance evidenced hereby shall bear interest at ten percent
(10%) from the date such Advance was made until such Advance is paid in full, whether at maturity, upon acceleration, by prepayment or
otherwise.

4

5.2
Interest Payment Dates. Interest on each Advance shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date for such Advance.

5.3
Default Interest. If any amount payable hereunder with respect to any Advance is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable
grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, payable on demand,
at the Default Rate from the date of such non-payment until such amount is paid in full.

5.4
Computation and Accrual of Interest.

(a)
All computations of interest on each Advance shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 days, as the case may be, and the actual number
of days elapsed.

(b)
Interest shall accrue on each Advance on the day on which such Advance is made and shall not accrue on such Advance for the day on which
it is paid, provided that any Advance that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall bear interest for one day.

5.5
Interest Rate Limitation. If at any time and for any reason whatsoever, the interest rate payable on any Advance shall exceed
the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged by the Lender to the Borrower under applicable Law, such interest rate shall be
reduced automatically to the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged under applicable Law.

6.
Payment Mechanics.

6.1
Manner of Payments.

(a)
Each payment of interest or principal shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America no later than 2:00 PM (Central Time)
on the date on which such payment is due by cashiers check, certified check or wire transfer of immediately available funds to
the Lender in accordance with instructions provided by the Lender in writing to the Borrower from time to time.

(b)
The Lender is authorized to charge any deposit account of the Borrower maintained at the Lender for any payment of interest or principal
due hereunder.

6.2
Application of Payments. All payments made under this Note shall be applied first to the payment of any fees or charges outstanding
hereunder, second to accrued interest and third to the payment of the principal amount outstanding under this Note.

6.3
Business Day Convention. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension will be taken into account in computing the amount of interest payable
under this Note.

5

6.4
Evidence of Debt.

(a)
The Lender shall maintain, in accordance with its customary and usual practice, an account evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower
to the Lender resulting from each Advance, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to the Lender with respect
to such Advance for each day such Advance is outstanding. The entries made in such account shall be conclusive absent manifest error
and constitute prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the principal and interest payable and the amounts of principal and
interest paid, in each case as recorded therein; provided, however, that any error or inaccuracy therein shall not in any
manner affect the validity or enforceability of any obligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) in accordance with
the terms of this Note any Advance actually made by the Lender under this Note.

(b)
The Lender is authorized to record on Schedule A each Advance made to the Borrower and each payment or prepayment thereof. The entries
made by the Lender shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations
of the Borrower therein recorded; provided, however, that the failure of the Lender to record such payments or prepayments, or
any error or inaccuracy therein, shall not in any manner affect the validity or enforceability of any obligation of the Borrower to repay
(with applicable interest) in accordance with the terms of this Note any Advance actually made by the Lender under this Note.

(c)
In the event of any discrepancy between the entries in the account referred to in Section 6.4(a) and the entries on Schedule A, the entries
in the account referred to in Section 6.4(a) shall control.

(d)
The books and records of the Lender and statements of account issued by the Lender shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding
arising out of, based upon, or in any way connected to, this Note.

6.5
Rescission of Payments. If at any time any payment made by the Borrower under this Note is rescinded or must otherwise be restored
or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, the Borrowers obligation to make such
payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had not been made.

7.
Taxes.

7.1
Taxes.

(a)
Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Line Document shall be made free
and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes except as required by applicable Law. If the Borrower is required by
applicable Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from such payments, then:

(i)
if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the amount payable by the Borrower shall be increased so that after all such required deductions or
withholdings are made (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section 7.1), the Lender
receives an amount equal to the amount it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made; and

6

(ii)
the Borrower shall make such deductions or withholdings and timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable Law.

(b)
Without limiting the provisions of Section 7.1(a), the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority
in accordance with applicable Law.

(c)
The Borrower shall indemnify the Lender, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including
Indemnified Taxes imposed on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 7.1) paid or payable by the Lender, on or with respect
to an amount payable by the Borrower under or in respect of this Note or under any other Line Document, together with any reasonable
expenses arising in connection therewith and with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed
or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate from the Lender as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered
to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)
As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 7.1, the Borrower
shall deliver to the Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment,
a copy of the relevant return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.

(e)
If the Lender determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has
been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 7.1, it shall
pay over such refund (or the amount of any credit in lieu of refund) to the Borrower (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made,
or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 7.1 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund or credit in
lieu of refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental
Authority with respect to such refund or credit in lieu of refund); provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Lender, agrees
to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any interest, penalties or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority)
to the Lender in the event the Lender is required to repay such refund or credit in lieu of refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 7.1(e), in no event will the Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to
this Section 7.1(e) if the payment of such amount would place the Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than it would have
been in if the Tax subject to indemnification had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or
additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. Nothing in this Section 7.1(e) shall be construed to require the Lender
to make available to the Borrower or any other Person its tax returns or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential
or to request or apply for a refund of any Taxes paid by the Borrower.

7

(f)
The borrowers obligations under this Section 7.1 shall survive the payment of the Advances and all amounts payable hereunder.

7.2
Mitigation Obligations. If the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to the Lender or any Governmental Authority for
the account of the Lender pursuant to Section 7.1, then the Lender shall, at the Borrowers request, use reasonable efforts to
designate a different lending office for funding or booking Advances or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of
its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of the Lender, such designation or assignment (a) would eliminate or reduce
amounts payable pursuant to Section 7.1 in the future, and (b) would not subject the Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would
not otherwise be disadvantageous to the Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Lender
in connection with any such designation or assignment.

8.
Representations and Warranties. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender on the date hereof as follows (and each
request for an Advance will be deemed a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date of such Advance that):

8.1
Existence; Power and Authority; Compliance with Laws. The Borrower (a) is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation, (b) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation and in good standing under
the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification
except to the extent that the failure to qualify in such jurisdiction would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(c) has the requisite power and authority, and the legal right, to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its
business as it is now being conducted and as it is proposed to be conducted, to borrow Advances, to execute and deliver this Note and
the other Line Documents to which the Borrower is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and (d) is in compliance
with all Laws.

8.2
Authorization; Execution and Delivery. The execution and delivery of this Note and each other Line Document by the Borrower, its
borrowing of Advances and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action in accordance with all applicable Laws. The Borrower has duly executed and delivered this Note and each other Line Document to
which it is a party.

8

8.3
No Approvals. No consent, authorization or order of, filing with, notice to, license from, or other act by or in respect of, any
Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in order for the Borrower to borrow Advances or to execute, deliver or perform
any of its obligations under this Note or any other Line Document to which it is a party.

8.4
No Violations. The execution, delivery and performance of this Note and each other Line Document to which the Borrower is a party,
the borrowing of any Advance and the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will
not (a) violate any Law applicable to the Borrower or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound, (b) constitute a default
under any material agreement or contract by which the Borrower may be bound or (c) result in, or require, the creation or imposition
of any lien, security interest, charge, or other encumbrance on any of its properties or assets pursuant to any Law or any such material
agreement or contract (other than the liens created by the Line Documents to which the Borrower is a party).

8.5
Enforceability. Each of this Note and each other Line Document to which the Borrower is a party is a valid, legal and binding
obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law).

8.6
No Litigation. No action, suit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of, or before, any arbitrator or Governmental Authority
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against the Borrower or any of its property or assets (a) with respect
to this Note, any other Line Document to which the Borrower is a party or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or (b)
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

8.7
Use of Proceeds.

(a)
The proceeds of each Advance will be used for general corporate purposes, including but not limited to working capital needs, repayment
or refinancing of existing obligations, funding of business transactions, acquisitions, capital expenditures, operational expenses, and
any other lawful corporate activities as determined by the Borrower in the ordinary course of business.

(b)
Each Advance will be, to the extent applicable, extended, received and used in compliance with Regulations T, U and X of the Board.

8.8
Investment Company Act. The Borrower is not an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under,
the Investment Company Act of 1940.

9

9.
Furnishing of Information; Inspection of Books and Records.

The
Borrower shall deliver to the Lender promptly upon the Lenders request, such financial and other/other statements and information
as the Lender shall reasonably request from time to time. Promptly upon the Lenders request, the Borrower shall permit the Lender
to inspect and make copies of its books and records as the Lender shall reasonably request from time to time.

10.
Acceleration of Advances; Events of Default and Remedies.

All
Advances, together with all accrued interest thereon, shall become immediately and automatically due and payable, without demand for
payment, presentment for payment, protest, notice of payment, notice of dishonor, notice of nonpayment, notice of acceleration of maturity
or diligence in taking any action to collect sums owing hereunder, upon the commencement by or against the borrower of a case or proceeding
under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other law relating to the relief of debtors, the readjustment, composition, or extension of indebtedness
or reorganization or liquidation.

Upon
the occurrence of any of the following (Events of Default) and at any time thereafter during the continuance of
such Event of Default, the Lender may, at its option, by written notice to the Borrower, (x) declare the entire principal amount of the
Advances with all accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Note, due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same
shall immediately become due and payable, and/or (y) exercise any or all of its rights, powers or remedies under any Security Agreement
or applicable Law:

10.1
Failure to Pay. The Borrower fails to pay (a) any principal amount of any Advance when due or (b) interest or any other amount
when due and such failure described in this clause (b) continues for five (5) Business Days after written notice to the Borrower.

10.2
Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower to the Lender herein
or in any other Line Document or in any modification or amendment hereof or thereof is false and misleading in any material respect (or,
in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in any respect) on or as of the date
as of which such representation or warranty was made or deemed made; provided that any representation or warranty in Section 8 that is
qualified by the knowledge of the Borrower shall be deemed not so qualified for the purpose of determining the occurrence of an Event
of Default.

10.3
Breach of Covenants. The Borrower fails to observe or perform any covenant, obligation, term, condition or agreement contained
in this Note or any other Line Document, other than those specified in Section 10.1, and such failure continues unremedied for five (5)
Business Days after the date on which notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Lender.

10.4
Judgments. One or more final and non-appealable judgments or decrees shall be entered against the Borrower by a court of competent
jurisdiction (to the extent not paid or covered by insurance from a reputable and solvent independent third party insurance company as
to which such insurance company has been notified and has not denied coverage or indemnities or for which the Borrower has not set aside
adequate reserves on its balance sheet) and all of such judgments or decrees shall not have been paid and satisfied, vacated, discharged
or stayed or bonded pending appeal within thirty (30) days from the entry thereof.

10

11.
Miscellaneous.

11.1
Notices.

(a)
All notices, requests, or other communications required or permitted to be delivered hereunder shall be delivered in writing, in each
case to the address specified below or to such other address as a Party may from time to time specify in writing in compliance with this
provision:

(i)
If to the Borrower, to it at 6775 Cowboys Way, Ste. 1335 Frisco, Texas 75034, Attention Justin Kenna, Telephone No. (216) 464-6400, Email:
justin@gamesquare.com, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Baker & Hostetler LLP, Attention of Alan A. Lanis, Jr.,
Telephone No. (310) 442-8850, Email: jrlanis@bakerlaw.com.

(ii)
If to the Lender, to it at One Cowboys Way #100, Frisco, Texas 75034, Attention of Tom Walker, Email: TWalker@dallascowboys.net.

(b)
Notices if (i) mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by hand or overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given
when received, (ii) mailed by other than certified or registered mail shall be deemed to have been given three (3) Business Days after
mailing, (iii) sent by facsimile during the recipients normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given when sent (and
if sent after normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of the recipients business on its next business
day) and (iv) sent by email shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient
(such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgment).

11.2
Expenses. Each Party shall pay its own out-of-pocket costs, expenses and fees incurred, whether or not litigation is commenced,
incidental to, in any way relating to, or in connection with, (a) the transactions contemplated hereby, including the preparation, negotiation,
execution, delivery, documentation and administration of this Note and each other Line Document and any amendments, waivers or other
modifications of this Note or any other Line Document (whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Note or any other Line Document,
or such amendments, waivers or other modifications, are consummated), (b) any of the Advances and (c) the protection of the Lenders
rights and enforcement of the Borrowers obligations hereunder and thereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs, expenses and fees in connection with any restructuring, workout or negotiations in respect of this Note, any other Line Document
or any Advance.

11.3
Governing Law. This Note, each other Line Document, and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract
or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of, or relating to, this Note, such other Line Document and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and shall be construed and interpreted, and all rights and obligations hereunder and thereunder
determined, in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

11

11.4
Submission to Jurisdiction.

(a)
The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agrees that any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Note or any other Line Document (whether at law or in equity) may be brought in the courts of the Texas of sitting in Collin County
or of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas or any appellate court from any thereof, (ii) submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any such court in any such legal action, suit or proceeding and (iii) agrees that it will not commence any
such legal action, suit or proceeding against the Lender in any forum other than any such Texas court or, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, such federal court. Final judgment against the Borrower in any such legal action, suit or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

(b)
Nothing in this Section 11.4 shall affect the right of the Lender to commence legal proceedings or otherwise sue the Borrower or exercise
any rights against the Borrower or any of its property in the courts of any county, state or other foreign or domestic jurisdiction having
jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of its property.

(c)
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower irrevocably consents to the service of process in the manner provided for notices
in Section 11.1 and agrees that nothing herein will affect the right of the Lender to serve process in any other manner permitted by
applicable law.

11.5
Venue. The Borrower acknowledges that the venue provided in Section 11.4 is a convenient forum and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (a) any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any legal action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or any other Line Document in any court referred to in
Section 11.4 and (b) the defense of an inconvenient forum, or based on a more convenient forum, to the maintenance of such legal action,
suit or proceeding in any such court.

11.6
Waiver of Jury Trial. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, OR OTHERWISE RELATING
TO, THIS NOTE, ANY OTHER LINE DOCUMENT, ANY ADVANCE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT
OR ANY OTHER THEORY. THE BORROWER (a) CERTIFIES THAT NO AGENT, ATTORNEY, REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR
OTHERWISE, THAT THE LENDER WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION AND (b) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE LENDER
HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ACCEPT THIS NOTE AND TO ACCEPT OR ENTER INTO THE OTHER LINE DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THIS SECTION 11.6.

12

11.7
Integration. This Note and each other Line Document to which the Borrower is a party constitute the entire contract between the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect thereto.

11.8
Successors and Assigns. This Note may be assigned or transferred by the Lender to any Person. The Borrower may not assign or transfer
this Note or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Lender (and any attempted such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void). This Note shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Parties and their permitted
assigns.

11.9
Waiver of Notice. The Borrower hereby waives demand for payment, presentment for payment, protest, notice of payment, notice of
dishonor, notice of nonpayment, notice of acceleration of maturity and diligence in taking any action to collect sums owing hereunder.

11.10
USA PATRIOT Act, Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Corruption Information; Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The Lender is subject to the
USA PATRIOT Act and hereby notifies the Borrower that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership
Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name
and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow the Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the USA PATRIOT
Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Lender, provide all documentation
and other information that the Lender may request in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

11.11
Amendments and Waivers. No term of this Note or any other Line Document may be modified or amended, orally or by course of dealing,
except by an instrument in writing signed by authorized officers of the Lender and of the Borrower party thereto. No term of this Note
or any other Line Document may be waived, orally or by course of dealing, except by an instrument in writing signed by an authorized
officer of the Lender. Any waiver of the terms hereof or thereof shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose given.

11.12
Headings. The headings of the various Sections and subsections herein and of the schedules and exhibits hereto are for reference
only and shall not define, modify, expand or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof or affect the interpretation hereof.

11.13
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Lender, any right, remedy,
power or privilege hereunder or under any other Line Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in any other Line Document are
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.

13

11.14
Waiver of Counterclaims. The Borrower waives the right to claim or interpose any counterclaim in any litigation or set-off of
any kind relating to this Note or any other Line Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

11.15
Dating and Completion of Blanks. The Borrower authorizes the Lender to date this Note and to complete any blank space herein according
to the terms upon which any Advance was made.

11.16
Electronic Execution.

(a)
The words execution, signed, signature and words of similar import in this Note or any other
Line Document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures (as such term is defined in 15 U.S.C. 7006), each of which shall
be of the same effect, validity and enforceability as manually executed signatures or a paper-based record-keeping system, as the case
may be, to the extent and as provided for under applicable law, including the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act
of 2000 (15 U.S.C. 7001 to 7031) or the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (UETA), provided that, notwithstanding
anything contained herein or therein to the contrary, the Lender is under no obligation to agree to accept electronic signatures in any
form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Lender pursuant to procedures approved by it; and provided, further,
the Lender reserves the right to require, at any time and at its sole discretion, the delivery of manually executed counterpart signature
pages to this Note or any other Line Document, and the Borrower agrees to promptly deliver such manually executed counterpart signature
pages.

(b)
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Borrower and the Lender (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including in
connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Lender and the Borrower,
electronic signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page and/or any electronic images of this Note or any other Line Document (in each case, including with respect to any signature
pages hereto or thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original and (ii) waives any argument,
defense or right to contest the validity or enforceability of this Note or any other Line Document based solely on the lack of paper
original copies of this Note or such other Line Document, including with respect to any signature pages hereto or thereto.

(c)
Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent the Lender has agreed to accept any electronic signature, the Lender shall be entitled
to rely on such electronic signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without
any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such electronic signature.

(d)
The Lender may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Note or any other Line Document in the form of an imaged electronic
record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of the Lenders business, and destroy the original paper
document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity
and enforceability as a paper record).

11.17
Severability. If any term or provision of this Note or any other Line Document is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Note or any other Line Document
or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other
provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Note or such other Line Document
so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

[signature
page follows]

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has executed this Note as of March 25, 2025.

GAMESQUARE HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Justin Kenna

Name: Justin Kenna

Title: Chief Executive Officer

15

SCHEDULE
A

Advances
and Payments on Advances

Date of Advance Amount of Advance Amount of Principal Paid Unpaid Principal Amount of the Advance Name of Person Making the Notation

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

SECURITY
AGREEMENT

This
SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of March 25, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
provisions hereof, this Agreement), made by and among GameSquare Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Grantor),
in favor of Blue & Silver Ventures, Ltd. and its affiliates (the Secured Party).

WHEREAS,
on the date hereof, the Secured Party has made and may make loans to the Grantor in an aggregate unpaid principal amount not exceeding
$2,000,000 (the Loans), evidenced by that certain Promissory Note of even date herewith (as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement) made by the Grantor and payable to the order of the
Secured Party. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement;

WHEREAS,
this Agreement is given by the Grantor in favor of the Secured Party to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations;
and

WHEREAS,
it is a condition to the obligations of the Lender to make the Loans under the Loan Agreement that the Grantor execute and deliver this
Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.
Definitions.

(a)
Unless otherwise specified herein, all references to Sections and Schedules herein are to Sections and Schedules of this Agreement.

(b)
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the UCC. However,
if a term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC differently than in another Article of the UCC, the term has the meaning specified in Article
9.

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Collateral
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Event
of Default has the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

Proceeds
means proceeds as such term is defined in section 9-102 of the UCC and, in any event, shall include, without limitation,
all dividends or other income from the Collateral, collections thereon or distributions with respect thereto.

Secured
Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

UCC
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Texas or, when the laws of any other state govern the
method or manner of the enforcement of any security interest in any of the Collateral, the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from
time to time in such state.

2.
Grant of Security Interest.
The Grantor hereby pledges and grants to the Secured Party, a security interest (which security interest shall be expressly subordinated
to all outstanding debts of the Grantors subsidiaries to SLR Digital Finance, LLC, whether existing as of the date hereof or incurred
thereafter. The Lender acknowledges and agrees that its rights and interests in any collateral securing the Loan Agreement shall be junior
and subordinate in all respects to the creditor rights of SLR Digital Finance, LLC with respect to such subsidiaries) in favor of the
Secured Party in and to all of its right, title and interest in and to the following, wherever located, whether now existing or hereafter
from time to time arising or acquired (collectively, the Collateral):

(a)
all fixtures and personal property of every kind and nature including all accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables), goods
(including inventory and equipment), documents (including, if applicable, electronic documents), instruments, promissory notes, chattel
paper (whether tangible or electronic), letters of credit, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced
by a writing), securities and all other investment property, general intangibles (including all payment intangibles), money, deposit
accounts, and any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money; and

(b)
all Proceeds and products of each of the foregoing, all books and records relating to the foregoing, all supporting obligations related
thereto, and all accessions of and to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of, each of the foregoing,
and any and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to the Grantor from time to time with respect to any
of the foregoing.

3.
Secured Obligations.
The Collateral secures the due and prompt payment and performance of:

(a)
the obligations of the Grantor from time to time arising under the Loan Agreement, this Agreement or otherwise with respect to the due
and prompt payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Loans (including interest accruing during the pendency
of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding),
when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary
obligations, including fees, costs, attorneys fees and disbursements, reimbursement obligations, contract causes of action, expenses
and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter
arising, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership
or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Grantor under or in respect of the
Loan Agreement and this Agreement; and

(b)
all other covenants, duties, debts, obligations and liabilities of any kind of the Grantor under or in respect of the Loan Agreement,
this Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether evidenced
by a note or other writing, whether allowed in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, whether arising
from an extension of credit, issuance of a letter of credit, acceptance, loan, guaranty, indemnification or otherwise, and whether primary,
secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, fixed or otherwise (all
such obligations, covenants, duties, debts, liabilities, sums and expenses set forth in Section 3 being herein collectively called the
Secured Obligations).

2

4.
Further Assurances.

(a)
The Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Party at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any
financing statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction
for the filing of any financing statement or amendment relating to the Collateral, including any financing or continuation statements
or other documents for the purpose of confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the security interest granted by the Grantor hereunder,
without the signature of the Grantor where permitted by law, including the filing of a financing statement describing the Collateral
as all assets now owned or hereafter acquired by the Grantor, or words of similar effect. The Grantor agrees to provide all information
required by the Secured Party pursuant to this Section promptly to the Secured Party upon request.

(b)
If the Grantor shall at any time hold or acquire any certificated securities, promissory notes, tangible chattel paper, negotiable documents
or warehouse receipts relating to the Collateral, the Grantor shall endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Secured Party, accompanied
by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Secured Party may from time to time specify.

(c)
The Grantor agrees that at any time and from time to time, at the expense of the Grantor, the Grantor will promptly execute and deliver
all further instruments and documents, obtain such agreements from third parties, and take all further action, that may be necessary
or desirable, or that the Secured Party may request, in order to create and/or maintain the validity of and protect any security interest
granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder or
under any other agreement with respect to any Collateral.

5.
Representations and Warranties.
The Grantor represents and warrants as follows:

(a)
The Collateral consisting of securities have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable and subject
to no options to purchase or similar rights.

(b)
The pledge of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid security interest in the Collateral, securing the payment and
performance when due of the Secured Obligations.

(c)
It has full power, authority and legal right to borrow the Loans and pledge the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement.

(d)
Each of this Agreement and the Loan Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Grantor and constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Grantor enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law).

3

(e)
No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required
for the borrowing of the Loans and the pledge by the Grantor of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement or for the execution and delivery
of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement by the Grantor or the performance by the Grantor of its obligations thereunder.

(f)
The execution and delivery of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement by the Grantor and the performance by the Grantor of its obligations
thereunder, will not violate any provision of any applicable law or regulation or any order, judgment, writ, award or decree of any court,
arbitrator or governmental authority, domestic or foreign, applicable to the Grantor or any of its property, or the organizational or
governing documents of the Grantor or any agreement or instrument to which the Grantor is party or by which it or its property is bound.

(g)
The Grantor has taken all action required on its part for control (as defined in sections 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106 and 9-107 of the
UCC, section 201 of the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and, as the case may be, section 16 of the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as applicable) to have been obtained by the Secured Party over all Collateral with respect to which
such control may be obtained pursuant to the UCC. No person other than the Secured Party has control or possession of all or any part
of the Collateral.

6.
Voting, Distributions and Receivables.

(a)
The Secured Party agrees that unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Grantor may, to the extent the Grantor
has such right as a holder of the Collateral consisting of securities, other Equity Interests or indebtedness owed by any obligor, vote
and give consents, ratifications and waivers with respect thereto, except to the extent that, in the Secured Partys reasonable
judgment, any such vote, consent, ratification or waiver would detract from the value thereof as Collateral or which would be inconsistent
with or result in any violation of any provision of the Loan Agreement or this Agreement, and from time to time, upon request from the
Grantor, the Secured Party shall deliver to the Grantor suitable proxies so that the Grantor may cast such votes, consents, ratifications
and waivers.

(b)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party may, or at the request and option of the Secured Party
the Grantor shall, notify account debtors and other persons obligated on any of the Collateral of the security interest of the Secured
Party in any account, chattel paper, general intangible, instrument or other Collateral and that payment thereof is to be made directly
to the Secured Party.

7.
Covenants.
The Grantor covenants as follows:

(a)
The Grantor will not, without providing at least 60 days prior written notice to the Secured Party, change its legal name, identity,
type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, corporate structure, location of its chief executive office or its principal place
of business or its organizational identification number.

4

(b)
The Grantor will not sell, offer to sell, dispose of, convey, assign or otherwise transfer, grant any option with respect to, restrict,
or grant, create, permit or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest, option, right of first offer, encumbrance
or other restriction or limitation of any nature whatsoever on, any of the Collateral or any interest therein except as expressly provided
for in the Loan Agreement.

(c)
The Grantor will keep the Collateral in good order and repair and will not use the same in violation of law or any policy of insurance
thereon. The Grantor will permit the Secured Party, or its designee, to inspect the Collateral at any reasonable time, wherever located.

(d)
The Grantor will pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments, governmental charges, and levies upon the Collateral or incurred in connection
with the use or operation of the Collateral or incurred in connection with this Agreement.

8.
Secured Party Appointed Attorney-in-Fact.
The Grantor hereby appoints the Secured Party the Grantors attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the
Grantor and in the name of the Grantor or otherwise, from time to time during the continuance of an Event of Default in the Secured Partys
discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement (but the Secured Party shall not be obligated to and shall have no liability to the Grantor or any third party
for failure to do so or take action). This appointment, being coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable. The Grantor hereby ratifies
all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

9.
Secured Party May Perform.
If the Grantor fails to perform any obligation contained in this Agreement, the Secured Party may itself perform, or cause performance
of, such obligation, and the expenses of the Secured Party incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Grantor; provided
that the Secured Party shall not be required to perform or discharge any obligation of the Grantor.

10.
Reasonable Care.
The Secured Party shall have no duty with respect to the care and preservation of the Collateral beyond the exercise of reasonable care.
The Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral in its possession
if the Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which the Secured Party accords its own property, it being understood
that the Secured Party shall not have any responsibility for (a) ascertaining or taking action with respect to any claims, the nature
or sufficiency of any payment or performance by any party under or pursuant to any agreement relating to the Collateral or other matters
relative to any Collateral, whether or not the Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or (b) taking any necessary
steps to preserve rights against any parties with respect to any Collateral. Nothing set forth in this Agreement, nor the exercise by
the Secured Party of any of the rights and remedies hereunder, shall relieve the Grantor from the performance of any obligation on the
Grantors part to be performed or observed in respect of any of the Collateral.

5

11.
Remedies Upon Default.

(a)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party, without any other notice to or demand upon the Grantor,
may assert all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or other applicable law, including, without limitation, the right
to take possession of, hold, collect, sell, lease, deliver, grant options to purchase or otherwise retain, liquidate or dispose of all
or any portion of the Collateral. If notice prior to disposition of the Collateral or any portion thereof is necessary under applicable
law, written notice mailed to the Grantor at its notice address as provided in Section 15 hereof ten days prior to the date of such disposition
shall constitute reasonable notice, but notice given in any other reasonable manner shall be sufficient. So long as the sale of the Collateral
is made in a commercially reasonable manner, the Secured Party may sell such Collateral on such terms and to such purchaser(s) as the
Secured Party in its absolute discretion may choose, without assuming any credit risk and without any obligation to advertise or give
notice of any kind other than that necessary under applicable law. Without precluding any other methods of sale, the sale of the Collateral
or any portion thereof shall have been made in a commercially reasonable manner if conducted in conformity with reasonable commercial
practices of creditors disposing of similar property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Grantor waives all claims, damages
and demands it may acquire against the Secured Party arising out of the exercise by it of any rights hereunder. The Grantor hereby waives
and releases to the fullest extent permitted by law any right or equity of redemption with respect to the Collateral, whether before
or after sale hereunder, and all rights, if any, of marshalling the Collateral and any other security for the Secured Obligations or
otherwise. At any such sale, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Secured Party or any custodian may bid for and purchase all or
any part of the Collateral so sold free from any such right or equity of redemption. Neither the Secured Party nor any custodian shall
be liable for failure to collect or realize upon any or all of the Collateral or for any delay in so doing, nor shall it be under any
obligation to take any action whatsoever with regard thereto. The Secured Party shall not be obligated to clean-up or otherwise prepare
the Collateral for sale.

(b)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all rights of the Grantor to (i) exercise the voting and other consensual
rights it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 6(a) and (ii)
receive the dividends and other distributions which it would otherwise be entitled to receive and retain pursuant to Section
6(b), shall immediately cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become vested in the Secured Party, which shall have the sole
right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights and receive and hold such dividends and other distributions as Collateral.

(c)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any cash held by the Secured Party as Collateral and all cash Proceeds
received by the Secured Party in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral
shall be applied in whole or in part by the Secured Party to the payment of expenses incurred by the Secured Party in connection with
the foregoing or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any way relating to the Collateral or the rights
of the Secured Party hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees, and the balance of such proceeds shall be applied or set
off against all or any part of the Secured Obligations in such order as the Secured Party shall elect. Any surplus of such cash or cash
Proceeds held by the Secured Party and remaining after payment in full of all the Secured Obligations shall be paid over to the Grantor
or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. The Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if such cash and
the cash Proceeds of any sale or other realization of the Collateral are insufficient to pay the Secured Obligations and the fees and
other charges of any attorneys employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency.

6

(d)
If the Secured Party shall determine to exercise its rights to sell all or any of the Collateral pursuant to this Section, the Grantor
agrees that, upon request of the Secured Party, the Grantor will, at its own expense, do or cause to be done all such acts and things
as may be necessary to make such sale of the Collateral or any part thereof valid and binding and in compliance with applicable law.

12.
No Waiver and Cumulative Remedies.
The Secured Party shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 14), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise
be deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Event of Default. All rights and remedies
herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

13.
SECURITY INTEREST ABSOLUTE.
The Grantor hereby waives demand, notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of loans made, credit extended, Collateral
received or delivered or other action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of any description. Except as may be
expressly set forth herein, all rights of the Secured Party and liens and security interests hereunder, and all Secured Obligations of
the Grantor hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:

(a)
any illegality or lack of validity or enforceability of any Secured Obligation or any related agreement or instrument;

(b)
any change in the time, place or manner of payment of, or in any other term of, the Secured Obligations, or any rescission, waiver, amendment
or other modification of the Loan Agreement, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any increase in the Secured Obligations
resulting from any extension of additional credit or otherwise;

(c)
any manner of sale, disposition or application of proceeds of any Collateral or any other collateral or other assets to all or part of
the Secured Obligations;

(d)
any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Secured Obligations;

(e)
any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) that may at any time be available to, or be asserted
by, the Grantor against the Secured Party; or

(f)
any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or manner of administering the Loans or any existence
of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Party that might vary the risk of the Grantor or otherwise operate as a defense available
to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Grantor or any other grantor, guarantor or surety.

14.
Amendments.
None of the terms or provisions of this Agreement may be amended, modified, supplemented, terminated or waived, and no consent to any
departure by the Grantor therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Secured Party and the Grantor,
and then such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which made or given.

7

15.
Addresses For Notices.
All notices and other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given in the manner and become effective
as set forth in the Loan Agreement, and addressed to the respective parties at their addresses as specified on the signature pages hereof
or as to either party at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each other party.

16.
Continuing Security Interest; Further Actions.
This Agreement shall create a lien and security interest in the Collateral and shall (a) subject to Section 17, remain in full force
and effect until payment and performance in full of the Secured Obligations, (b) be binding upon the Grantor, its successors and assigns,
and (c) inure to the benefit of the Secured Party and its successors, transferees and assigns; provided that the Grantor may not assign
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Secured Party. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any assignee of the Secured Partys interest in any agreement or document
which includes all or any of the Secured Obligations shall, upon assignment in accordance with Section ASSIGNMENT of the Loan Agreement,
become vested with all the benefits granted to the Secured Party herein with respect to such Secured Obligations.

17.
Termination; Release.
On the date on which all Secured Obligations have been paid and performed in full, the Secured Party will, at the request and sole expense
of the Grantor, (a) duly assign, transfer and deliver to or at the direction of the Grantor (without recourse and without any representation
or warranty) such of the Collateral as may then remain in the possession of the Secured Party, together with any monies at the time held
by the Secured Party hereunder, and (b) execute and deliver to the Grantor a proper instrument or instruments acknowledging the satisfaction
and termination of this Agreement.

18.
GOVERNING LAW.
This Agreement and the Loan Agreement and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise)
based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Loan Agreement (except, as to the Loan Agreement, as expressly set forth
therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the
State of Texas. The other provisions of Sections GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC. of the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein, mutatis
mutandis, as if a part hereof.

19.
Counterparts.
This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties
hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all taken together shall constitute a single contract.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif)
format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement and the Loan Agreement constitute
the entire contract among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous agreements and understandings,
oral or written, with respect thereto.

[signature
page follows]

8

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

GAMESQUARE
HOLDINGS, INC., as Grantor

By /s/
Justin Kenna

Name: Justin
Kenna

Title: Chief
Executive Officer

Address for Notices:6775 Cowboys Way, Ste. 1335, Frisco, Texas 75034

BLUE
& SILVER VENTURES, LTD., as Secured Party

By: /s/
Thomas Walker

Name: Thomas
Walker

Title: Chief
Financial Officer

Address for Notices:One Cowboys Way #100, Frisco, Texas 75034

9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

GameSquare
Accelerates Growth of Gaming and Esports Experiences Business and Divests Remaining Stake of FaZe Media

GameSquare expands strategic focus
by bringing top gaming related events to the U.S. and adds new $2 million credit facility from Jones Family to support rapidly growing
experiences business

GameSquare divests remaining 25.5% stake in FaZe Media
to Gigamoon Media and FaZes founders as part of ongoing strategy to streamline operations, further improve balance sheet and
pursue profitability

GameSquare continues to own 100% of profitable FaZe
Esports, one of the worlds top-performing and highest winning esports organizations

GameSquare to announce Q4 2024 earnings and provide
profit focused financial expectations for 2025 on April 16, 2025 

Frisco,
Texas (March 31, 2025) GameSquare Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:GAME), (GameSquare, or the Company),
a next generation media company rooted in gaming and creator entertainment, today provided several business updates and plans to host
its Q4 2024 earnings conference call on April 16, 2025 at 5:00pm ET. The Company needed additional time to report Q4 2024 earnings due
to the closing of the Faze Media divestiture, which goes into effect on April 1, 2025.

2024
was a transformative year for GameSquare highlighted by the completion of the FaZe Clan acquisition, investments to our team and global
capabilities, and the next-generation media platform we have created to drive cross selling opportunities and grow our market share,
stated Justin Kenna, CEO of GameSquare. As we look to 2025, todays announcements are important catalysts to optimize our
business model and reach profitability in the coming quarters.

GameSquares
Expands Gaming and Esports Experiences Business 

GameSquare
is accelerating the growth of its rapidly expanding events and experiences division, a key pillar of the Companys strategic vision.
This division specializes in creating immersive, talent-led, and brand-owned events that connect with audiences through compelling storytelling,
digital engagement, and unforgettable in-real-life (IRL) activations. GameSquare is leveraging its momentum, deep industry relationships,
and creative capabilities to deliver standout moments for fans and consumers. By partnering with top-tier brands, gaming communities,
and major festivals across the U.S., GameSquare is positioning itself as a premier provider of innovative, culturally relevant experiences
that resonate with next-gen audiences.

To
support the strategic growth of the Companys events business, GameSquare is putting in place a $2 million secured Letter of Credit
extended by the Jones Family. This facility is intended to aid early financial commitments, including space reservations and other operating
expenses. The terms of the Letter of Credit include a 10% per annum interest rate on any outstanding principal drawn under the facility,
with no prepayment penalty.

In
addition to large-scale consumer experiences, GameSquare is launching a new collegiate esports initiative aimed at building community
and engagement across university campuses. The initiative includes competitive tournament play, the rollout of a proprietary software
platform to support team operations and fan interaction, and the use of GameSquares owned IP to drive awareness and differentiate
experiences. These integrated capabilities position GameSquare to build a pipeline of future esports talent while offering brands unique
ways to authentically connect with next-gen audiences.

We
are excited to accelerate the growth of our experiences business, continued Mr. Kenna. Over the past several quarters,
we have seen growing demand to combine in game experiences with IRL events developing strong engagement between brands, game
publishers, and fans. We look forward to bringing some of the worlds largest gaming events to fans.

FaZe
Media Divestiture

After
acquiring FaZe Clan in March 2024 in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $14 million, GameSquare split FaZe Clan into two
segments FaZe Media, a creator-led IP and media company, and FaZe Esports, a top global esports organization. An important component
of GameSquares strategy for FaZe Media was to return creative control and ownership back to FaZes founders.

The
last contribution of $10 million for 25.5% of FaZe Media valued FaZe Media at $39.2 million. As of April 1, 2025, FaZe Media will no
longer be consolidated in GameSquares financial statements.

GameSquare
plans to provide additional details on the FaZe Media divestiture when the Company announces Q4 2024 financial results.

Mr.
Kenna continued, Divesting FaZe Media is a win-win for GameSquare, FaZe Media and its founders. As we stated when we acquired
FaZe Clan, for FaZe to be successful it needed to return to its roots with its founders at the helm to lead the brand and reestablish
its authenticity. I am proud of what we have accomplished by rebooting the brand, reducing operating costs, and positioning FaZe Media
for success as a standalone, creator lead business. I am also excited to retain 100% ownership of FaZe Esports, which has established
itself as one of the worlds most elite and highest winning esports organizations.

Mr.
Kenna concluded, I look forward to updating investors on our go forward strategies as we focus on profitable growth on our upcoming
earnings call on April 16.

2024
Q4 Save the Date 

GameSquare
expects to release its fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results after the close of business on April 15, 2025. A copy of the
news release will be available on the investor website.

Shareholders,
investors, interested parties, and media are encouraged to join the Companys earnings call via webcast on April 16, 2025, at 5:00
pm ET. The call will be hosted by Justin Kenna, GameSquares CEO and will be joined by other members of GameSquares management
team.

Please
join the call at

https://event.choruscall.com/mediaframe/webcast.html?webcastid=vc78St32

About
GameSquare Holdings, Inc.

GameSquares
(NASDAQ: GAME) mission is to revolutionize the way brands and game publishers connect with hard-to-reach Gen Z, Gen Alpha, and Millennial
audiences. Our next generation media, entertainment, and technology capabilities drive compelling outcomes for creators and maximize
our brand partners return on investment. Through our purpose-built platform, we provide award winning marketing and creative services,
offer leading data and analytics solutions, and amplify awareness through FaZe Clan, one of the most prominent and influential gaming
organizations in the world. With one of the largest gaming media networks in North America, as verified by Comscore, we are reshaping
the landscape of digital media and immersive entertainment. GameSquares largest investors are Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones
and the Goff family.

To
learn more, visit www.gamesquare.com.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
news release contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements (collectively, forward-looking
statements) within the meaning of the applicable securities legislation. All statements, other than statements of historical fact,
are forward-looking statements and are based on expectations, estimates and projections as at the date of this news release. Any statement
that involves discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions, future events
or performance (often but not always using phrases such as expects, or does not expect, is expected,
anticipates or does not anticipate, plans, budget, scheduled, forecasts,
estimates, believes or intends or variations of such words and phrases or stating that certain
actions, events or results may or could, would, might or will be
taken to occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements. In this news release, forward-looking
statements relate, among other things, to: the Companys and FaZe Media Inc.s future performance, revenue, growth and profitability;
and the Companys and FaZe Medias ability to execute their business plans. These forward-looking statements are provided
only to provide information currently available to us and are not intended to serve as and must not be relied on by any investor as,
a guarantee, assurance or definitive statement of fact or probability. Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number
of estimates and assumptions which include, but are not limited to: the Companys ability to grow its businesses and being able
to execute on their business plans, the Company being able to complete and successfully integrate acquisitions, the Company being able
to recognize and capitalize on opportunities and the Company continuing to attract qualified personnel to supports its development requirements.
These assumptions, while considered reasonable, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause
the actual results and future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors
include, but are not limited to: the Companys ability to achieve its objectives, the Company successfully executing its growth
strategy, the ability of the Company to obtain future financings or complete offerings on acceptable terms, failure to leverage the Companys
portfolio across entertainment and media platforms, dependence on the Companys key personnel and general business, economic, competitive,
political and social uncertainties. These risk factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the factors that could affect
the Company which are discussed in the Companys most recent MD&A. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements
will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly,
readers should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements and information contained in this news release. GameSquare
assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements of beliefs, opinions, projections, or other factors, should they change,
except as required by law.

Corporate
Contact

Lou
Schwartz, President

Phone:
(216) 464-6400

Email:
ir@gamesquare.com

Investor
Relations

Andrew
Berger

Phone:
(216) 464-6400

Email:
ir@gamesquare.com

Media
Relations

Chelsey
Northern / The Untold

Phone:
(254) 855-4028

Email:
pr@gamesquare.com

SOURCE:
GameSquare Holdings, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>game-20250325.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>game-20250325_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>game-20250325_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 25, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 25, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39389

Entity Registrant Name GameSquare
Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001714562

Entity Tax Identification Number 99-1946435

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 6775
Cowboys Way

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 1335

Entity Address, City or Town Frisco

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Country US

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 75034

City Area Code (216)

Local Phone Number 464-6400

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol GAME

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
25 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://gamesquare.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
game-20250325.xsd 
game-20250325_lab.xml 
game-20250325_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001641172-25-001796-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001714562 

2025-03-25 
2025-03-25 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001714562 
8-K 
2025-03-25 
GameSquare Holdings, Inc. 
DE 
001-39389 
99-1946435 
6775 Cowboys Way 
Ste. 1335 
Frisco 
TX 
US 
75034 
(216) 
464-6400 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
GAME 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>