<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-035972.txt : 20250417
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-035972.hdr.sgml : 20250417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250417152951
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-035972
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250417
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CaliberCos Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41703
		FILM NUMBER:		25846979

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8901 E. MOUNTAIN VIEW RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85258
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-295-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8901 E. MOUNTAIN VIEW RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85258

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CaliberCo Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141205
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000162728200016272822025-04-172025-04-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event
reported): April 17, 2025

CALIBERCOS INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-41703 47-2426901

(Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.)

8901 E. Mountain View Rd.Ste. 150, Scottsdale, AZ 85258

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(480) 295-7600

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 CWD The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company x

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On April 17, 2025, CaliberCos
Inc. (the Company) entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Agreement) with Craft Capital Management LLC,
as representative to the underwriters (the Representative), to issue and sell (i) 2,400,000 units (the Units)
at a price of $0.375 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the
Common Stock) and one right to receive one-fifth of one share of Common Stock; and (ii) representative warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock equal to 8% of the aggregate number of Units sold (Representatives Warrants; the Units and
Representatives Warrants collectively, the Securities).

The Units were offered
by the Company pursuant to its registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280243), for registration of up to $50,000,000 in aggregate
value of securities of the Company, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2024 and declared effective
on June 25, 2024. The offer and sale of the Units in the Offering are described in the Companys prospectus constituting a part
of the Registration Statement, as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated April 17, 2025.

The Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company, customary conditions to closing, obligations of the parties and termination
provisions.

Under
the terms of the Agreement, the Company, without the prior written consent of the Representative, will not offer, issue, sell,
contract to sell, encumber, grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose of any of shares of common stock of the Company or other
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of common stock of the Company for a period of 30 days after the
Offering is completed, subject to certain exceptions.

In connection with the
Agreement, the Company entered into a rights agreement, dated April 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company, as rights agent (the Rights Agreement).

The foregoing descriptions
of the Agreement, Representatives Warrants and Rights Agreement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the full text of the Agreement, Representatives Warrants and Rights Agreement, copies of which are filed as Exhibit 1.1, Exhibit 4.1, and Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

Manatt, Phelps &
Phillips, LLP, counsel to the Company, has issued an opinion to the Company with respect to the validity of the Securities issued and
sold in the Offering, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The aforementioned offering
is expected to close on April 21, 2025.

Item 7.01 Regulation
FD Disclosure

On April 17, 2025, the
Company issued a press release announcing that it had priced the offering referenced in Item 1.01 above. A copy of this press release
is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information disclosed
under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits

Exhibits

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 17, 2025, between CaliberCos Inc. and Craft Capital Management LLC

4.1 Representatives Warrants

4.2 Rights Agreement, dated April 17, 2025, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent

5.1 Opinion of Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP

99.1 Press release dated April 17, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.

Date: April 17, 2025 CaliberCos Inc.

By: /s/ John C. Loeffler, II

Name: John C. Loeffler, II

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

CALIBERCOS INC.

and

CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

between

CALIBERCOS INC.

and

CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

as Representative of the Several Underwriters

New York, New York

April 17, 2025

Craft Capital Management, LLC

377 Oak Street, Lower Concourse, Suite C2

Garden City, NY 11530

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned, CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Company), hereby confirms its agreement (this Agreement) with Craft Capital Management,
LLC (hereinafter referred to as you (including its correlatives) or the Representative) and
with the other underwriters named on Schedule 1 hereto for which the Representative is acting as representative (the Representative
and such other underwriters being collectively called the Underwriters or, individually, an Underwriter)
as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1. Firm
Securities.

1.1.1. Purchase
of Firm Securities. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree
to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 2,400,000 units (the Firm Units) of the
Company consisting of the following:

(a) an aggregate of 2,400,000 authorized but unissued shares of the Companys Class A common stock
(each, a Firm Share and collectively, the Firm Shares), par value $0.001 per share (the Class A
Common Stock), and

(b) an aggregate of 2,400,000
rights (the Firm Rights, and together with the Firm Shares, the Firm Securities or the Securities).

each, as set forth opposite their respective
names on Schedule 1 hereto a combined purchase price (net of underwriting discounts and commissions) of $0.345 per Firm Unit (as defined
below), being equal to 92% of the public offering price of the Firm Units.

The Firm Securities are to be offered
initially to the public at the offering price set forth on the cover page of the Prospectus Supplement (as defined in Section 2.1.1
hereof).

Each Right entitles the holder thereof
to automatically, and without any further action by the holder of the right, receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Class A
Common Stock upon the closing price of the Class A Common Stock being at least $1.25 on three consecutive trading days with such
right expiring on the nine (9) month anniversary of the Closing Date. Fractional shares will not be issued in connection with the
automatic conversions of Rights. As a result, Rights must be converted in multiples of five (5). The Company will round down any fractional
shares that would be issued to a holder of Rights as a result of the automatic conversion of Rights.

The Rights are to
be issued pursuant to a Rights Agreement dated the date hereof (the Rights Agreement), between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation as right agent thereunder (the Rights Agent).

The Securities and
the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Rights into shares of Class A Common Stock are referred to herein
collectively as the Public Securities. The offering and sale of the Public Securities is herein referred to as the
Offering.

1.1.2. Payment
and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Securities shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st)
Business Day following the effective date (the Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1
hereof) (or the second (2nd) Business Day following the Effective Date if the Registration Statement is declared effective after 4:00
p.m., New York City time), or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Lucosky
Brookman LLP, counsel to the Underwriters, or at such other place (or remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall
be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The time and date of delivery of and payment for the Firm Securities is called the
Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Securities shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in federal (same
day) funds, payable to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of the certificates (in form and substance satisfactory
to the Representative) representing the Firm Securities (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC))
for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Securities shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations
as the Representative may request in writing at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the
Representative to examine and package the Firm Securities for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date.
The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Firm Securities except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all
of the Firm Securities. The term Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial
banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks
shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay-at-home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the
direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2 Representatives
Warrants.

1.2.1. Purchase
Warrants. The Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Representative (and/or its designees) on the Closing Date a warrant or
warrants (the Representatives Warrants) exercisable for an aggregate of 192,000 shares of Class A Common
Stock, representing 8.0% of the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock sold in the Offering, substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Representatives Warrant Agreement). Each Representatives Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at the exercise price thereof. The Representatives
Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on a date which is six (6) months after the Effective Date and expiring
on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date at an initial exercise price of $0.4125 per share of Class A Common Stock, which is
equal to 110% of the public offering price per Firm Unit. The Representatives Warrant and the shares of Class A Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof are referred to together as the Representatives Securities. The Representative
understands and agrees that there are restrictions pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 on the transfer of the Representatives Warrant
and the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives Warrant during the one hundred eighty
(180) days after the Effective Date and by its acceptance thereof shall agree that it will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate
the Representatives Warrant, or any portion thereof, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the effective economic disposition of such securities for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the
Effective Date to anyone other than (i) an Underwriter or a selected dealer in connection with the Offering, or (ii) a bona
fide officer or partner of the Representative or of any such Underwriter or selected dealer; and only if any such transferee agrees to
the foregoing restrictions and those in the Representatives Warrant Agreement.

2

1.2.2. Delivery.
Delivery of the Representatives Warrant shall be made on the Closing Date and shall be issued in the name or names and in such
authorized denominations as the Representative may request.

1.3. Tail
Fee. Subject to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(5)(B), the Representative shall be entitled to a cash fee equal to eight percent (8.0%) of
the gross proceeds received by the Company and additional Representatuves Warrants (calculated as set forth in Section 1.2.1
hereof) with respect to any public or private offering or other financing or capital raising transaction of any kind (each a Tail
Financing), it the extent that such Tail Financing is provided to the Company by investors that were contracted by the Representative
or contacted the Representative about the company during the period commencing April 8, 2025 and ending on the earlier of (a) the
Closing and (b) the termination of the engagement of the Representative; provided that such Tail Financing is consummated at any
time within the 12-month period following the Closing Date.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company, represents and warrants to the Underwriters as of the Applicable Time (as defined below),
as of the Closing Date as follows:

2.1. Filing
of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant
to the Securities Act. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
a registration statement, including the related preliminary prospectus or prospectuses, relating to the Public Securities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280243) for the registration of
the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities under the Securities Act, which registration statement and amendment or
amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations
of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations). The conditions for use of Form S-3
as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form to register the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities
under the Securities Act, have been satisfied.

Applicable
Time means 8:30 a.m., New York City time, on the date of this Agreement.

Bona Fide
Electronic Roadshow means an bona fide electronic road show as defined in Rule433 of the Securities Act
Regulations.

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities
Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined
in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Public Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission
by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether
or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because
it contains a description of the Public Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form
filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records
pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer
General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective
investors (other than a Bona Fide Electronic Road Show), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-B hereto.

Issuer
Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing
Prospectus.

Preliminary
Prospectus means any preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the Public Securities included in the Registration
Statement or filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

3

Pricing
Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Pricing
Prospectus and the information included on Schedule 2-A hereto, all considered together.

Prospectus
means the final base prospectus filed for the Registration Statement.

Prospectus
Supplement means the final supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission relating to the Offering.

Registration
Statement means, collectively, the various parts of the registration statement prepared by the Company on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-280243) with respect to the Public Securities, each as amended as of the date hereof, including the Prospectus, the Preliminary
Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and all exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement,
all documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement , and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

2.1.2. Pursuant
to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-41703)
providing for the registration pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), of the Class A Common Stock; and such registration statement has become effective under the Exchange Act. The Company
has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Class A Common Stock under
the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2. Stock
Exchange Listing. The Public Securities has been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Exchange),
subject only to official notice of issuance, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting
any of the Public Securities from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating
such listing except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement.

2.3. No
Stop Orders, etc. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, any post-effective amendment
thereto or the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, if any, has been issued and no proceeding for that purpose has been initiated
or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission. No order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus,
Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement has been issued and no proceeding for that purpose has been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened by the Commission. The Company has complied in all material respects with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional
information.

2.4. Disclosures
in Registration Statement.

2.4.1. Compliance
with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i) At the
time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendments thereto) and at all times subsequent
thereto up to the Closing Date, the Registration Statement and the Pricing Disclosure Package do and will contain all material statements
that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and did or will, in all
material respects, conform to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus,
including the base prospectus filed as part of the Registration Statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment or supplement
thereto, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, at the time each was filed with the Commission, complied in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Each Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus delivered to
the Underwriters for use in connection with this Offering and the Prospectus Supplement was or will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to the Commissions Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval
system (EDGAR), except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T promulgated under the Securities Act (Regulation
S-T).

4

(ii) Neither
the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date, contained,
contains or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits or will omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; provided, however, that this representation and warranty shall
not apply to any information contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Representative expressly for use
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto (the Underwriters
Information). The parties acknowledge and agree that such information consists solely of the following disclosure contained
in the Underwriting section of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement: [(i) the names of the Underwriters, the table showing the number of securities to be purchased by each Underwriter, (ii) the
first sentence under the caption Discounts and Commissions and (iii) paragraphs under the captions Stabilization,
Passive Market Making and Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Shares.

(iii) The
Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Prospectus Supplement will not, as of its date, as of the Closing Date, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus complies in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities
Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus
or the Prospectus Supplement, and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus listed in Schedule 2-B hereto, as supplemented
by and taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package did not, as of the Applicable Time, contain an untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 2.4.1(iii) shall
not apply with respect to the Underwriters Information.

2.4.2. Disclosure
of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained therein and there are no agreements
or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the
Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement,
that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which either the
Company is a party or by which the Company is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly
authorized and validly executed by the Company, as the case may be, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable
against the Company, or as the case may be, and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms,
except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution
provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive
and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding
therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor,
to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. Performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements
or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental
or regulatory agency, authority, body, entity or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets
or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws
and regulations.

5

2.4.3. No
Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any
offering material in connection with the Offering other than any Preliminary Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement and other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2
below.

2.5. Changes
After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1 No
Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package, and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the
condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospectus of the Company and its Subsidiaries (as defined
in Section 2.7.1 hereof) taken as a whole, nor any change or development that, individually or in the aggregate, would have
a Material Adverse Change on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets or prospectus of the Company
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions
entered into by the Company or its Subsidiaries, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) no officer or director
of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

2.5.2. Recent
Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company has not: (i) issued any
securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money or (ii) declared or paid any dividend
or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock.

2.6. Independent
Accountants. Deloitte & Touche LLP (the Auditor), whose reports are filed with the Commission as part
of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement is an independent registered public accounting
firm as required by the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB),
including the rules and regulations promulgated by the PCAOB. To the Companys knowledge, after reasonable inquiry, the Auditor
is currently registered and in good standing with the PCAOB. The Auditors have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements
included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, provided to the Company any non-audit
services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act. To the Companys knowledge, no person who has been
suspended or barred from being associated with a registered public accounting firm, or who has failed to comply with any sanction pursuant
to Rule 5300 promulgated by the PCAOB, has participated in or otherwise aided the preparation of, or audited, the financial statements,
supporting schedules or other financial data filed with the Commission as a part of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package or the Prospectus Supplement.

6

2.7. Financial
Statements, etc.

2.7.1 Financial
Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto, and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position
as of the dates indicated and the cash flows and results of operations for the periods specified of the Company; except as otherwise stated
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, said financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout
the periods involved; and the supporting schedules, if any, included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus Supplement present fairly in all material respects in accordance with GAAP the information required to be stated therein.
No other historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The other financial
and statistical information included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement present
fairly in all material respects the information included therein and have been prepared on a basis consistent with that of the financial
statements that are included in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement and the books
and records of the respective entities presented therein. The pro forma financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements
of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and include all adjustments necessary to present fairly in all material respects
in accordance with GAAP the pro forma financial position of the respective entity or entities presented therein at the respective dates
indicated and their cash flows and the results of operations for the respective periods specified. All disclosures contained in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term
is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation
S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
Supplement discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other
relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys
financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant
components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
Supplement, (a) neither the Company nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the
Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary
and, collectively, the Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent,
or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid
any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the course of business, any grants under any stock compensation plan,
and (d) there has not been any material adverse change in the Companys capital stock or long-term or short-term debt.

2.7.2. Companys
Accounting System. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries make and keep accurate books and records and maintain a system of internal
accounting controls designed, and which the Company reasonably believes is sufficient, to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company has not received any notice, oral or written, from the Companys board of directors stating that it is reviewing or investigating,
and neither the Companys independent auditors nor its internal auditors have recommended that the Companys board of directors
review or investigate, (i) adding to, deleting, changing the application of, or changing the Companys disclosure with respect
to, any of the Companys material accounting policies; or (ii) any matter which could result in a restatement of the Companys
financial statements for any annual or interim period during the current or prior three fiscal years.

2.8. Authorized
Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus Supplement, the duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions
stated in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company will have on the Closing
Date the adjusted capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, on the Effective Date, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date, there will
be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or
any security convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common
Stock or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

7

2.9. Valid Issuance of
Securities, etc.

2.9.1. Outstanding
Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission or the
ability to force the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase such securities, and are not subject to personal liability by reason
of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the pre-emptive rights, rights of first refusal or rights
of participation of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized shares
of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, options, warrants and
other rights to purchase or exchange such securities for shares of the Common Stock as the case may be, were at all relevant times either
registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations
and warranties of the purchasers of such shares of Common Stock, and or holders of membership interests exempt from such registration
requirements. The description of the Companys stock option, stock bonus and other related plans or arrangements, and options and/or
other rights granted thereunder, as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement,
accurately and fairly present, in all material respects, the information required to be shown with respect to such plans, arrangements,
options and rights.

2.9.2. Securities
Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities have been duly authorized for issuance
and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not
be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and Representatives Securities are and
will be free from all pre-emptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company;
and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and Representatives
Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Representatives Warrant Agreement, when issued and paid for pursuant to this Agreement,
will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue and sell, upon exercise thereof and payment therefor, the shares
of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such exercise. The Public Securities and Representatives Securities conform in all material
respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
Supplement. All corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Rights and Representatives
Warrant has been duly and validly taken; the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Representatives
Warrant and conversion of the Rights have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action on the part
of the Company and, when paid for and issued in accordance with the Representatives Warrant Agreement or the Rights Agreement,
as the case may be, such shares of Class A Common Stock will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof
are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and such shares of Class A Common Stock are
not and will not be subject to the pre-emptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company.

2.10. Registration
Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement,
no holders of any securities of the Company or any options, warrants, rights or other securities exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable
into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities
Act or to include any such securities in the Registration Statement or any other registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.11. Validity
and Binding Effect of Agreements. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Rights, the Rights Agreement, and
the Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Representatives Warrants have been duly and validly authorized by the Company,
and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the legal, valid and binding agreements of the Company, in each case, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except in each
case: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state
securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject
to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. Each of this
Agreement, the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Representatives Warrants conforms
in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
Supplement.

8

2.12. No
Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the
Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Representatives Warrants and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the
Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof, as the
case may be, do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach
of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the creation, modification,
termination or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, claim, equity, trust or other encumbrance, preferential
arrangement, defect or restriction of any kind whatsoever (any Lien) upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant
to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, lease, loan agreement or any other agreement or instrument, franchise, license
or permit to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the Company is a party; (ii) result in any violation of
the provisions of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation (as the same have been amended or restated from time to time, the Charter),
the by-laws of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time) or (iii) violate any existing applicable law,
rule, regulation, ordinance, directive, judgment, writ, order or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof or by any foreign,
state or local Governmental Entity, except in the cases of clauses (i) and (iii) for such breaches, conflicts or violations
which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.13. No
Defaults; Violations. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus Supplement, the Company is not (i) in violation of its Charter, by-laws, or other organizational documents, (ii) in
default under, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under or result in the
creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust, note, lease, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of
its property or assets is subject, or (iii) in violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, directive, judgment, writ,
decree or order of any court or judicial, regulatory or other legal or Governmental Entity, except (in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii) above) for violations or defaults that could not (individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Change.

2.14. Corporate Power;
Licenses; Authorizations.

2.14.1. Conduct
of Business. The Company has all requisite power and authority, and all necessary consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations,
qualifications, licenses, filings and permits of, with and from all Governmental Entities and all third parties, foreign and domestic
(collectively, the Authorizations), to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as it is now
being conducted and as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, and each
such Authorization is valid and in full force and effect, except in each case as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Change. The Company has not received notice of any investigation or proceedings which, if decided adversely to the Company, could reasonably
be expected to result in, the revocation of, or imposition of a materially burdensome restriction on, any such Authorization.

2.14.2. Transactions
Contemplated Herein. The Company has or, at the time of execution, had all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement,
the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Representatives Warrants and to carry out
the provisions and conditions hereof, and all Authorizations required in connection therewith have been obtained. No Authorization of,
and no filing with, Governmental Entity is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery of the Public Securities and the consummation
of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement, the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant
Agreement and the Representatives Warrants and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus Supplement, except as may be required under state securities or blue sky laws or the by-laws the rules and regulations
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) in connection with the purchase and distribution
of the Public Securities by the Underwriters, each of which has been obtained and is in full force and effect.

9

2.15. Director
and Officer Information. To the Companys knowledge, all information concerning the Companys directors, officers and
principal stockholders as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, provided
to the Underwriters is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause
the information disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement to become inaccurate
and incorrect in any material respect.

2.16. Litigation;
Governmental Proceedings. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement,
there is no judicial, regulatory, arbitral or other legal or governmental proceeding or other litigation or arbitration, domestic or foreign,
pending to which the Company is a party or of which any property, operations or assets of the Company is the subject which, individually
or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Company, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change, or which
might materially and adversely affect the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or the performance by the Company
of its respective obligations hereunder; to the Companys knowledge, no such proceeding, litigation or arbitration is threatened
or contemplated; and the defense of all such proceedings, litigation and arbitration against or involving the Company could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Change.

2.17. Good
Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction
in which the character or location of its properties (owned, leased or licensed) or the nature or conduct of its business makes such qualification
necessary, except for those failures to be so qualified or in good standing which (individually and in the aggregate) could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Change. The Charter, and by-laws, or other constitutive and organizational documents of the Company
comply with the requirements of applicable law and are in full force and effect.

2.18. Insurance.
The Company maintains insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the Company reasonably considers adequate for the conduct of
its business and the value of its properties and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries, all
of which insurance is in full force and effect, except where the failure to maintain such insurance could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Change. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company carries (or will carry at the Closing Date) and
is entitled to the benefits of directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to $2,000,000. There are no material claims by
the Company under any such policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending under a reservation
of rights clause. The Company reasonably believes that it will be able to renew its existing insurance as and when such coverage expires
or will be able to obtain replacement insurance adequate for the conduct of the business and the value of its properties at a cost that
would not have a Material Adverse Change.

2.19 Transactions
Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.19.1. Finders
Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, there are no
claims, payments, contracts, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company of any Insider with respect to the sale of the Public Securities hereunder or any arrangements, agreements, understandings
of the Company, any of its officers or directors or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its stockholders that may affect the Underwriters
compensation as determined by FINRA.

2.19.2. Payments
Within Twelve (12) Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement,
the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments in connection with the Offering (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any
person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing
to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity
that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective
Date, other than the payment to the Underwriters as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

10

2.19.3. Use
of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates,
except as specifically described in the Registration Statement.

2.19.4. FINRA
Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of 5% or more of any class of the
Companys securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during
the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA
member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

2.19.5. Information.
All information provided by the Company in the FINRA questionnaire to counsel to the Underwriters specifically for use by such counsel
in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct and complete in all material
respects.

2.20. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of, and with authority from, the Company
and its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price
concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or
official or employee of any Governmental Entity (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign)
or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or assist
any of them in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have
had a Material Adverse Change or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations or
prospects of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient
to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the UK Bribery
Act 2010 as applicable, and the Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions of
the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).

2.21. Compliance
with Sanctions Laws. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any directors, officers or
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any agent, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is currently the subject or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government,
(including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department
of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person),
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland (OFSI) or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company
or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or target of Sanctions, including,
without limitation, the Republic of Belarus, Crimea, the Russian Federation, Republic of Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Democratic
Peoples Republic of Korea (North Korea), the Syrian Arab Republic, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela and the Republic of Yemen
(each, a Sanctioned Country); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Offering, or
lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity (i) to
fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject or
target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other
manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor,
investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. For the past three years, the Company has not knowingly engaged in and is not now knowingly engaged
in any dealings or transactions with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of
Sanctions or with any Sanctioned Country.

11

2.22. Compliance
with Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times
in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the U.S. Currency and Foreign
Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the U.S. Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and
regulations thereunder, the rules and regulations thereunder, the U.K. Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, Terrorist Financing
and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 and Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Act
2018 and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the
Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.23. Officers
Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to counsel to the Underwriters
shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.24. Subsidiaries.
Each of the Subsidiaries has been duly incorporated or organized, as the case may be, and is validly
existing as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its incorporation or organization and has the power and authority (corporate or other) to own, lease and operate its properties and
to conduct its business as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement.
Each of the Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, partnership limited liability company or similar corporate entity,
as applicable, to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason
of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify or be in good standing would
not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change. All of the issued and outstanding share
capital or other equity or ownership interests of each of the Subsidiaries have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid
and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, directly or through Subsidiaries, free and clear of any security interest, mortgage, pledge,
lien, encumbrance or adverse claim. None of the outstanding share capital or equity interest in any Subsidiary was issued in violation
of pre-emptive or similar rights of any security holder of such subsidiary. The constitutive or organizational documents of each of the
Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with the requirements of applicable laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization
and are in full force and effect. The Company represents that it has no subsidiaries other than those listed in Exhibit 21.1
to the Registration Statement that are required to be listed therein pursuant to the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations.

2.25. Related
Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company, any Subsidiary
or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement
that have not been described therein as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. There are no outstanding loans,
advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company
or any Subsidiary to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or of any Subsidiary or any of their respective
family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement.

2.26. Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company is comprised of the persons set forth under the heading of the Prospectus and
the Prospectus Supplement captioned Management. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall
composition of the board comply with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the
Exchange Act Regulations), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one member of the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407
of Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board of
Directors qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

12

2.27. Sarbanes-Oxley
Compliance.

2.27.1. Disclosure
Controls. The Company has developed and maintains disclosure controls and procedures that comply in all material respects with Rule 13a-15
or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and
the Prospectus Supplement, such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made
known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys filings with the Commission under the
Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations and other public disclosure documents. Exchange Act.

2.27.2. Compliance.
Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company has taken the
necessary actions to ensure that, upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, it will be in compliance with all provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with which the Company is required to comply as of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and is taking
all steps necessary to ensure that it will at all times be in compliance with other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as and when the
same become applicable to the Company after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement.

2.28. Accounting
Controls. The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act Regulations) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision
of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, the Company is not aware of
any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Companys auditors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the ability of the Company to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud known
to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in
the Pricing Disclosure Package, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

2.29. No
Investment Company Status. The Company is not and after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the net proceeds thereof
as described in the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement, will not be, required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and is not and will not be an entity controlled
by an investment company within the meaning of such act.

2.30. No
Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of
the Company, is imminent. The Company is not aware that any officer, key employee or significant group of employees of the Company plans
to terminate employment with the Company. No labor disturbance by the employees of the Company exists or, to the best of the Companys
knowledge, is imminent and the Company is not aware of any existing or imminent labor disturbances by the employees of any of its principal
suppliers, manufacturers customers or contractors.

13

2.31. Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent
applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions,
trade secrets and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) and necessary for the conduct of the business of
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus Supplement. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary
for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus Supplement will
involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any such infringement, fee or conflict with asserted Intellectual Property
Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change:
(A) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual
Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in or to any such Intellectual
Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually
or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.31, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Change; (C) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company,
the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company or to any of its Subsidiaries have not been adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action,
suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware
of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other
claims in this Section 2.31, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (D) there is no pending or, to the
Companys knowledge, threatened, action, suit, proceeding or claim by others that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes,
misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, none of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable
basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.31, reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (E) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company or of any
of its Subsidiaries is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure
agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement or any restrictive
covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company,
or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the
aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging
to the Company which has not been patented has been kept confidential. For all Company Intellectual Property, the Company and its representatives
have met their duty of candor as required under Section 1.56 of Title 37 of the Code of Federal Regulations (37 C.F.R. 1.56)
and complied with analogous law outside the United States requiring disclosure of references. To the Companys knowledge, the Company
has taken all actions reasonably necessary to protect, and where necessary register, the copyrights, trademarks, patent rights and trade
secrets owned by or licensed exclusively to the Company (solely where the Company has the right to take such actions as to in-licensed
intellectual property rights). Each current and former employee and individual contractor of the Company who is or was involved in the
creation or development of any Company Intellectual Property has executed and delivered and, to the Companys knowledge, is in compliance
with an employment or consulting agreement containing nondisclosure, assignment and non-solicitation provisions, except as could not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options,
licenses or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement and are not described therein. The Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement contain in all material respects the same description of the matters
set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company
in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors
or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons. All licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement are in full force and effect in all material
respects and are enforceable by the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with their
terms. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company and to the Companys knowledge, no other party is
in default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice,
or both, would constitute a default thereunder.

14

2.32. Taxes.
Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior
to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid all
taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due and payable on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed
against the Company or such respective Subsidiary, except for assessments against which appeals have been or will be promptly taken and
as to which adequate reserves have been provided. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with
or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods
to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Underwriters, (i) no
issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as
due from the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection
of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal,
state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license,
lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits,
customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions
to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements
and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.33. ERISA
Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established
or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with
ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in
Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations
thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA)
has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the
Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its
ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities
(as defined under ERISA). No prohibited transaction, within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code,
has occurred with respect to any employee benefit plan (excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption).
No accumulated funding deficiency (within the meaning of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether
or not waived, has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur. The fair market value of the assets under each employee benefit plan exceeds
the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan (determined based on those assumptions used to fund such plan). Neither the
Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of
ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975
or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates
that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing
has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

2.34. Compliance
with Laws. The Company: (i) is in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the Companys business
and operation, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters (Applicable Laws), except as could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (ii) has not received any warning
letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or notice from any other governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with
any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto
required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (iii) possesses all material Authorizations and such
Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (iv) has
not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or other action from any
governmental authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations
and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action,
suit, investigation or proceeding; (v) has not received notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to
take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering
such action; and (vi) has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications,
records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports,
documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were complete and correct on the date
filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission).

15

2.35. Environmental
Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all foreign, federal, state and local rules, laws and regulations
relating to the use, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or
the environment which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure to comply
would not, individually or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation,
handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances
by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts
or omissions the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or
leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation,
order, judgment, decree or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation,
order, judgment, decree or permit, give rise to any liability, except for any violation or liability which would not have, individually
or in the aggregate with all such violations and liabilities, a Material Adverse Change; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission
or other release of any kind onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other
hazardous substances with respect to which the Company has knowledge, except for any such disposal, discharge, emission, or other release
of any kind which would not have, individually or in the aggregate with all such discharges and other releases, a Material Adverse Change.
In the ordinary course of business, the Company conducts periodic reviews of the effect of Environmental Laws on the business and assets
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in the course of which they identify and evaluate associated costs and liabilities (including, without
limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or
governmental permits issued thereunder, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties).
On the basis of such reviews, the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities would not have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change.

2.36. Title
to Real and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
Supplement, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise
use, all items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims and defects that do not, individually or in the aggregate,
materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company
or its Subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
and under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus Supplement, are, to the Companys knowledge, in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company
or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary
to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

2.37. Contracts
Affecting Capital. There are no transactions, arrangements or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates
(as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited
to, any structured finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys
or any of its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement which have not been described as required.

2.38. Loans
to Directors or Officers. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course
of business) or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement.

16

2.39. Ineligible
Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the Effective Date and at the
time of any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide
offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Public Securities and at the Effective
Date, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination
by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.40. Emerging
Growth Company. From the time of initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier,
the first date on which the Company engaged in oral or written communications within the meaning of Section 5(d) of the Securities
Act) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of
the Securities Act (an Emerging Growth Company). The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company
ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the later of (i) the time when a prospectus relating to the Public Shares
is not required by the Securities Act to be delivered (whether physically or through compliance with Rule 172 of the Securities Act
Regulations or any similar rule) and (ii) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period (as defined herein).

2.41. Smaller
Reporting Company. As of the time of filing of the Registration Statement, the Company was a smaller reporting company,
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

2.42. Free-Writing
Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer
free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, or that would otherwise constitute a free
writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations. The Company has not (a) engaged in any Testing-the-Waters
Communication (as defined below) other than with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional
buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors
within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (b) authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications
other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written
Testing-the-Waters Communications. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential
investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act. Each Written Testing-the-Waters Communications did not,
as of the Applicable Time, and at all times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Public Securities will not, include
any information that conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement. Each Written Testing-the-Waters Communication did not, as of the Applicable Time, when
taken together with the Pricing Disclosure Package, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that
no representation or warranty is made as to the Underwriters Information. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters
Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-C hereto.

2.43. Industry
Data. The statistical, industry related and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes
are reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources,
and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.44. Electronic
Road Show. The Company has made available a bona fide electronic road show in compliance with Rule 433(d)(8)(ii) of
the Securities Act Regulations such that no filing of any road show (as defined in Rule 433(h) of the Securities
Act Regulations) is required in connection with the Offering.

2.45. Margin
Securities. The Company does not own any margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly
or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness
which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the Public Securities
to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

17

2.46. Dividends
and Distributions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus Supplement,
no Subsidiary of the Company is currently prohibited or restricted, directly or indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Company,
from making any other distribution on such Subsidiarys capital stock (to the extent that any such prohibition or restriction on
dividends and/or distributions would have a material effect to the Company), from repaying to the Company any loans or advances to such
Subsidiary from the Company or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys property or assets to the Company or any other Subsidiary
of the Company, except as may otherwise be provided in current loan or mortgage-related documents.

2.47. Forward-Looking
Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement has been made or
reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.48. Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated
with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under
the Securities Act.

2.49. Confidentiality
and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee or consultant of the Company is subject
to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer that
could materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company or be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Change. Each officer, key employee or consultant of the Company has entered into a confidentiality agreement in
favor of the Company relating to the protection of the proprietary information and confidential information of the Company.

2.50. Corporate
Records. The minute books of the Company have been made available to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters, and such books
(i) contain minutes of all material meetings and actions of the board of directors (including each board committee) and stockholders
of the Company, and (ii) reflect all material transactions referred to in such minutes.

2.51. Diligence
Materials. The Company has provided to the Representative and counsel to the Underwriters all materials required or necessary to respond
in all material respects to the diligence request submitted to the Company by the Representative.

2.52. No
Stabilization. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates (within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act) has taken,
directly or indirectly, any action which constitutes or is designed to cause or result in, or which could reasonably be expected to constitute,
cause or result in, the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public Securities
or to result in a violation of Regulation M under the Exchange Act.

18

2.53. Non-Contravention
of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is in violation of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws, memorandum of association, articles
of association, partnership agreement, operating agreement or similar constitutional or organizational documents, as applicable, or (ii) is
in default (or, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, would be in default) (Default) under any indenture, loan,
credit agreement, note, lease, license agreement, contract, franchise or other instrument (including, without limitation, any pledge agreement,
security agreement, mortgage or other instrument or agreement evidencing, guaranteeing, securing or relating to indebtedness) to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of their respective properties
or assets are subject (each, an Existing Instrument), except for such Defaults as would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change. The Companys execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement,
the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement, the Representatives Warrants, the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and by the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
or the Prospectus Supplement and the issuance and sale of the Public Securities (including the use
of proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or
the Prospectus Supplement (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and
will not result in any violation of the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, memorandum of association, articles of
association, partnership agreement or operating agreement or similar constitutional or organizational documents, as applicable, of the
Company or any Subsidiary (ii) will not conflict with or constitute a breach of, or Default or a Debt Repayment Triggering Event
(as defined below) under, or result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, or require the consent of any other party to, any Existing Instrument, and (iii) will
not result in any violation of any law, administrative regulation or administrative or court decree applicable to the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate,
to have a Material Adverse Change. No consent, approval, authorization or other order of, or registration or filing with, any court or
other governmental or regulatory authority or agency, is required for the Companys execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement, the Representatives Warrants,
and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and by the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement, except such as have been
obtained or made by the Company and are in full force and effect under the Securities Act and such as may be required under applicable
state securities or blue sky laws or FINRA or the Exchange. As used herein, a Debt Repayment Triggering Event means
any event or condition which gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of time would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other
evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holders behalf) the right to require the purchase redemption or repayment
of all or a portion of such indebtedness by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

2.54. Cybersecurity.
(i)(x) Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement,
there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys information technology and computer
systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third
party data maintained by or on behalf of it), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the
Company has not been notified of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security
breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company is presently in compliance with all applicable laws or statutes
and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies
and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data
from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as could not, in the case of this clause (ii), individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change;
(iii) the Company has implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential
information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company has
implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

3. Covenants
of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1. Amendments
to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus Supplement proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and not file any such amendment or supplement to which
the Representative shall reasonably object in writing.

19

3.2. Federal
Securities Laws.

3.2.1. Compliance.
The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations, and
will notify the Representative promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement shall become effective or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus Supplement shall have been filed; (ii) of the receipt
of any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any
amendment or supplement to the Prospectus Supplement or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending
the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities
and Representatives Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings
for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration
Statement; and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with
the Offering of the Public Securities and Representatives Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of
the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b) (8)),
and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was
received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use
its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting
thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2. Continued
Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act
Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities
is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would
be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Public Securities, any event shall occur or condition
shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to (i) amend
the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement
the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement in order that the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement,
as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading or (iii) amend
the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement, as the case may be, in
order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give
the Representative notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or
omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement comply with such requirements
and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Representative with copies of any such amendment or
supplement and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided that the Company shall not file or use any
such amendment or supplement to which the Representative or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish
to the Underwriters such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

3.2.3. Exchange
Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall use its best efforts to
maintain the registration of the Class A Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the Class A Common
Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

20

3.2.4. Free
Writing Prospectuses. The Company will not, without the prior consent of the Representative, (i) make any offer relating
to the Public Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company
pursuant to Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations; provided that the Representative shall be deemed to have consented to any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus set forth in Schedule 2-B hereto and any electronic road show previously approved by the
Representative or (ii) file, refer to, approve, use or authorize the use of any free writing prospectus as defined
in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations with respect to the Offering. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees
that it will treat each such free writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Representative as an issuer free
writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations, and that it has complied and will comply with
the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending
and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there shall have occurred an event or development
as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement as then amended or supplemented or would, in the judgment of the Underwriters or
the Company, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances existing at the time of delivery to the purchaser, not misleading, or if to comply with the Securities
Act or the Securities Act Regulations it shall be necessary at any time to amend or supplement any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the
Company will notify the Representative promptly and, if requested by the Representative, prepare and furnish without charge to each Underwriter
an appropriate amendment or supplement (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) that will correct such statement, omission
or conflict or effect such compliance.

3.2.5. Testing-the-Waters
Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs
an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Representative and shall promptly
amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or
omission. The Company will promptly notify the Representative of (i) any distribution by the Company of Written Testing-the-Waters
Communications, and (ii) any request by the Commission for information concerning the Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

3.3. Delivery
to the Underwriters of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available to
the Representative and counsel to the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and
each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also
deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto
(without exhibits) for each of the Underwriters. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the
Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to
the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4. Delivery
to the Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made available or will deliver or make available to each Underwriter,
without charge, as many copies of each Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents
to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge,
during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities
Act Regulations, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus Supplement (as amended
or supplemented) as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished
to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except
to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

21

3.5. Effectiveness
and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Registration Statement
to remain effective with a current prospectus for at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time, and shall notify the Representative
immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto;
(ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose;
(iii) of the issuance by any state or foreign securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of
the Public Securities for offering or sale in such jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose;
(iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus
Supplement; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the
happening of any event during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement
of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement, in light of the circumstances
under which it was made, untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement in order to make the
statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Pricing Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state or foreign securities
commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable effort to obtain
promptly the lifting of such order or suspension.

3.6. Review
of Financial Statements. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall
cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements
for each of the three (3) fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.7. Listing.
The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on the Exchange for at least three
(3) years from the date of this Agreement.

3.8. Financial
Public Relations Firm. As of the Effective Date, the Company shall have retained a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable
to the Representative and the Company, which firm shall be experienced in assisting public companies in their relations with their security
holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative for a period of not less than two (2) years
after the date of this Agreement.

3.9. Reports
to the Representative.

3.9.1 Periodic
Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall furnish or make
available to the Representative copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time
to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Representative: (i) a
copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act
Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs
which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Current Report on Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company with
the Commission; (iv) a copy of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Securities Act;
(v) a copy of each report or other communication furnished to stockholders and (vi) such additional documents and
information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from
time to time reasonably request. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system or otherwise publicly filed or
made available shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section 3.9.1. Any documents not
filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be delivered to [______________].

3.9.2. Transfer
Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer
agent and registrar acceptable to the Representative (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Representative
at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Representative may reasonably
request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company is acceptable to the Representative to act as Transfer Agent.

3.9.3. Rights
Agent. For so long as the Rights are outstanding, the Company shall retain a rights agent for the Rights reasonably acceptable to
the Representative. Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company is acceptable to the Representative to act as Rights Agent.

3.9.4. Trading
Reports. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, during such time as any of the Public Securities are
listed on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Representative, at the Companys expense, such reports published by the
Exchange relating to price trading of the Public Securities, as the Representative shall reasonably request.

22

3.10. Payment
of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees that it will bear all fees, disbursements and expenses in connection with the Offering,
including, without limitation, the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements. The Company hereby agrees to pay on the
Closing Date to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all of preparing, printing, mailing and delivering the Registration Statement,
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement contained therein and amendments thereto, post-effective amendments
and supplements thereto, any other offering materials, this Agreement and related documents (all in such quantities as the Representative
may reasonably require); preparing and printing stock certificates, warrant certificates or right certificates; the costs of any due
diligence meetings; filing fees (including the Commission filing fees), costs and expenses (including third party expenses and
disbursements) incurred in registering the Offering, FINRA filing fees; costs and expenses of qualifying the offering under the blue
sky laws of the states specified by the Representative; preparation of leather bound volumes and Lucite cube mementos in such quantities
as the Representative may reasonably request in connection with an offering of this nature; transfer taxes; and transfer and warrant and
right agent and registrar fees, but excluding those costs and expenses that FINRA regulations require to be borne by a selling agent,
placement agent or underwriter. The Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing
Date the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Underwriters, provided, however, that in the event that the Offering
is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11. Application
of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application
thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus Supplement.

3.12. Delivery
of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable,
but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings statement
(which need not be certified by an independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the Securities
Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act)
covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

3.13. Stabilization.
Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders shall take, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act,
or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Public
Securities.

3.14. Internal
Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions
are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access
to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability
for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.15. Accountants.
As of the Effective Date, the Company shall have retained an independent registered public accounting firm, as required by the Securities
Act and the Regulations and the PCAOB, reasonably acceptable to the Representative, and the Company shall retain a nationally recognized
independent public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Representative
acknowledges that the Auditor is acceptable to the Representative.

3.16. FINRA.
For a period of 90 days from the Closing Date, the Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with
FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of 5% or more of
any class of the Companys securities or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which
were acquired during the 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated
person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

23

3.17. No
Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters responsibility to the Company is solely contractual
in nature and that none of the Underwriters or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity,
or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

3.18. Company
Standstill. The Company on behalf of itself and any successor entity of the Company, agrees that, without the prior written
consent of the Representative, it will not offer, issue, sell, contract to sell, encumber, grant any option for the sale of or otherwise
dispose of any of shares of common stock of the Company or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares
of common stock of the Company for a period of 30 days after the Offering is completed (the Lock-Up Period), except
for (i) issuances upon exercise of currently outstanding options, warrants and other convertible securities; (ii) securities
issuable further to the Companys existing incentive plan; and (iii) issuances of shares of common stock of the Company with
a Securities Act restrictive legend or securities convertible into shares of restricted common stock, and provided that such securities
described in (i) and (ii) do not have registration rights which require the filing of a resale registration statement within
said 30 day period.

3.19. Blue
Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Underwriters, if necessary, to register or qualify,
as applicable, the Public Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions
(domestic or foreign) as the Representative may designate and to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect so long as required
to complete the distribution of the Public Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general
consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not
so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.20. Reporting
Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Public Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded
by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission
pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations. Additionally, the Company
shall report the use of proceeds from the issuance of the Public Securities as may be required under Rule 463 under the Securities
Act Regulations.

3.21. Emerging
Growth Company Status. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company
at any time prior to the later of (i) completion of the distribution of the Public Shares within the meaning of the Securities Act
and (ii) fifteen (15) days following the completion of the Lock-Up Period.

3.22. Smaller
Reporting Company Status. The Company shall notify the Representative promptly if the Company ceases to be a smaller
reporting company, as defined in Item 10(f) of Regulation S-K and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Regulations.

3.23. Press
Releases. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other communication directly or indirectly or
hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs or business
prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the past practices
of the Company and of which the Representative is notified), without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Representative, such
press release or communication is required by law.

3.24. Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company shall at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in effect from time to time and applicable
to the Company.

3.25. IRS
Forms. If requested by the Representative, the Company shall deliver to each Underwriter (or its agent), prior to or at the Closing
Date, a properly completed and executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or Form W-8, as appropriate, together with all required
attachments to such form.

24

4. Conditions
to Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Public Securities, as provided
herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof
and as of the Closing Date; (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof;
(iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

4.1. Regulatory
Matters.

4.1.1. Effectiveness
of Registration Statement; Rule 430B Information. The Registration Statement shall have become effective the Closing Date, no
stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto shall have been issued under
the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement
shall have been issued and no proceedings for any of those purposes shall have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys
knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.
A prospectus supplement containing the information deemed to be part of the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 430B Information
shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities
Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed
with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act Regulations.

4.1.2 FINRA
Clearance. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Representative shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of
compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3. Exchange
Clearance. On the Closing Date, the Public Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official
notice of issuance.

4.2. Legal
Opinions and Negative Assurance Letters. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinion
and negative assurance letter of Manatt, Phelps & Phillips LLP, counsel to the Company as to the federal law of the United States
of America and the law of the State of New York, each dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Representative, as representative of
the Underwriters, each in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

4.3. Comfort
Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed the Representative shall have received a comfort letter from the Auditor containing
statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements
and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement,
addressed to the Representative and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Representative and to counsel to the Underwriters,
dated as of the date of this Agreement.

4.4. Company
Certificates.

4.4.1. Officers
Certificate. The Company shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of its Chief Executive
Officer or President and its Chief Financial Officer stating that on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity that (i) such
officers have examined the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus
Supplement and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, after the Effective Date, as of the Applicable
Time and as of the Closing did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Pricing Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable
Time and as of the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing Date, the Prospectus Supplement
and each amendment or supplement thereto after the Effective Date, as of the respective dates thereof and as of the Closing Date, did
not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration
Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing
Date, the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements
and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date, and (iv) there has
not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Pricing
Disclosure Package, a Material Adverse Change.

25

4.4.2. Secretarys
Certificate. At the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the
Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying on behalf of the Company and not in an individual capacity: (i) that each of the Charter
and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys
board of directors relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and
completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers
of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5. No
Material Changes. Prior to and on the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no Material Adverse Change and no material change
in the condition (financial or otherwise), capital stock or debt, results of operations, business, assets or prospects of the Company
from the latest dates as of which such information is set forth in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus Supplement; (ii) no action, suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the
Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding may reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change, except as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities
Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; (iv) no action shall have been taken and
no law, statute, rule, regulation or order shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any Governmental Entity which would prevent the
issuance or sale of the Public Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business
or operations of the Company; (v) no injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of
competent jurisdiction shall have been issued which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Public Securities or materially and adversely
affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and (vi) the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements
which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in
all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, (vi) the Registration
Statement shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and (vii) none of the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus Supplement
or any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.6. No
Material Misstatement or Omission. The Underwriters shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company on or prior to the Closing
Date that the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in the opinion
of counsel for the Underwriters, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material and is required
to be stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or that the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto contains an untrue statement of fact which,
in the opinion of counsel to the Underwriters, is material or omits to state any fact which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material
and is necessary in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

4.7. Corporate
Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this Agreement,
the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement, the Representatives Warrants, the Public Securities,
the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, and the Prospectus Supplement
and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement, the Rights, the Rights Agreement, the Representatives Warrant Agreement
and the Representatives Warrants, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all
material respects to counsel for the Underwriters, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information
that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

26

4.8. Delivery
of Agreements On the Closing Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative an executed copy of the Rights Agreement,
the Representatives Warrant Agreement and the Representatives Warrants.

4.9. Additional
Documents. At the Closing Date, counsel to the Underwriters shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they
may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling such counsel to deliver an opinion to the Underwriters, or in order to evidence the
accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings
taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the Representatives Securities as herein
contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel to the Underwriters.

5. Indemnification.

5.1. Indemnificationof
the Underwriters.

5.1.1. General.
Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and each
of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel and
agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20
of the Exchange Act (collectively the Underwriter Indemnified Parties, and each an UnderwriterIndemnifiedParty),
against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever,
whether arising out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter
Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim), (i) arising
out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (A) the Registration Statement,
the Pricing Disclosure Package, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement or in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (B) any materials
or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including
any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); or (C) any
application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application)
executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Public
Securities and Representatives Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities
commission or agency, the Exchange or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, unless such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, the Underwriters Information
or (ii) otherwise arising in connection with or allegedly in connection with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse
each Underwriter Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising
out of any action between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Underwriter Indemnified Parties
and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses), and further agrees wherever and whenever possible
to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Underwriter Indemnified Party in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending
any Claim.

27

5.1.2. Procedure.
If any action is brought against an Underwriter Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant
to Section 5.1.1, such Underwriter Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and
the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the approval of such Underwriter
Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Underwriter Indemnified Party requests that the Company do so. Such Underwriter
Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, and the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company to the Underwriter Indemnified Party upon request. The Company
shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition,
the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Underwriters, settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment
in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification or
contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Underwriter Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise,
consent or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Underwriter Indemnified Party, acceptable to such Underwriter
Indemnified Party, from all liabilities, expenses and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may
be sought and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf
of any Underwriter Indemnified Party.

5.2. Indemnification
of the Company. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its
officers who signed the Registration Statement and persons who control the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the foregoing indemnity
from the Company to the several Underwriters, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue
statements or omissions made in the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus
or Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto or in any application, in reliance upon, and in strict conformity with,
the Underwriters Information. In case any action shall be brought against the Company or any other person so indemnified based
on any Preliminary Prospectus, the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or Prospectus Supplement or
any amendment or supplement thereto or any application, and in respect of which indemnity may be sought against any Underwriter, such
Underwriter shall have the rights and duties given to the Company, and the Company and each other person so indemnified shall have the
rights and duties given to the several Underwriters by the provisions of Section 5.1.2. The Company agrees promptly to notify the
Representative of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Company or any of its officers, directors or any person,
if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, in
connection with the issuance and sale of the Public Securities or in connection with the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure
Package, the Prospectus Supplement, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication.

28

5.3. Contribution.

5.3.1. Contribution
Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold
harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 or 5.2 in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect
thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in
such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters,
on the other hand, from the Offering, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable
law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the
relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted
in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to
be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received
by the Company bear to the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters with respect to Offering, in each
case as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus Supplement. The relative fault of the Company, on the one hand,
and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue
statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or
the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement, omission, act or failure to act; provided that the parties hereto agree that the written information furnished to the
Company through the Representative by or on behalf of any Underwriter for use in any Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus,
the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, or in any amendment or supplement thereto, consists solely of the Underwriters Information.
. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1
were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other
method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an
indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, expense, liability action, investigation or proceeding referred to above in
this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by such indemnified party in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third party witness
in respect of, or otherwise incurred in connection with any such loss, claim, damage, expense, liability, action, investigation or proceeding.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Underwriter be required to contribute any amount in excess
of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the Offering of the
Public Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise paid, or becomes liable to pay by reason of such
untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission, act or alleged act or failure to act or alleged failure to act. No
person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled
to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2. Contribution
Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement
of any action, suit or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party
(contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the
contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder.
In case any such action, suit or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative
of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid 15 days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying
party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution
on account of any settlement of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement
of any claim, action or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party.
The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right
to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise available. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant
to this Section 5.3 are several and not joint.

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1. Default
Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Securities. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the
Firm Securities, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised hereunder, and if the number of the Firm Securities with respect to which such
default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Securities that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder,
then such Firm Securities to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective
commitments hereunder.

6.2. Default
Exceeding 10% of Firm Securities. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 relates to more than 10% of the Firm
Securities, the Representative may in its discretion arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Securities to
which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If, within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than
10% of the Firm Securities, the Representative does not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Securities, then the Company shall be entitled
to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to
purchase said Firm Securities on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of
the Firm Securities to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement will automatically be terminated by
the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.10 and 5 hereof) or the
several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided, however, that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting
Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

29

6.3. Postponement
of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Securities to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters,
or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the
Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes
may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or the Prospectus Supplement
or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to the Registration Statement, the Pricing
Disclosure Package or the Prospectus Supplement that in the opinion of counsel to the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The
term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like
effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such Firm Securities.

7. Additional
Covenants. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members of its board of directors
and the overall composition of the board of directors comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Exchange Act and the listing rules of
the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have any of its securities
listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one member of the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407 of Regulation
S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

8. Effectiveness
of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1. Effective
Date. This Agreement shall become effective when the Company and the Representative have executed the same and delivered counterparts
of such signatures to the other party.

8.2. Termination.
The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to any Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or
international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future
materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum
ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other Governmental Entity having
jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if
a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading
has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained
a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or
not such loss shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Firm Securities;
or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if
the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of a Material Adverse Change or an adverse material change in general
market conditions as in the Representatives reasonable judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale
and/or delivery of the Public Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

8.3. Expenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Underwriters, pursuant to Section 6.2
hereof, in the event that this Agreement is terminated prior to the Closing Date or is not otherwise carried out for any reason whatsoever,
within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the
Underwriters their actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable
(including the fees and disbursements of Representative Counsel) up to $75,000 and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof
to the Representative on behalf of the Underwriters; provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification
and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the Representative will be reimbursed
to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

30

8.4. Survival
of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination
of this Agreement, and regardless of whether this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain
in full force and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this
Agreement or any part hereof.

8.5. Representations,
Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates of
officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation
made by or on behalf of any Underwriter or its affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling any Underwriter, its officers or directors
or any person controlling the Company or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Public Securities.

9. Miscellaneous.

9.1. Notices. All
communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by facsimile transmission or e-mail and confirmed and shall be deemed given
when so delivered, faxed or e-mailed and confirmed (which may be by e-mail) or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

Craft Capital Management, LLC 

377 Oak Street,
Lower Concourse, Suite C2 

Garden City, NY
11530 

Attention: Mackey McFarlane, Head of
Investment Banking 

e-mail: 
[______________]

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Lucosky Brookman LLP 

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor 

Woodbridge, NJ 08830 

Attention: Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq. 

Fax No: (732) 395-4401 

e-mail:
jlucosky@lucbro.com

If to the Company:

CaliberCos Inc. 

8901 E. Mountain
View Road, Suite 150 

Scottsdale, AZ
85258 

Attention: John
C. Loeffler, II, Chief Executive Officer 

e-mail: chris.loeffoer@caliberco.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute
notice), in each case, to:

Manatt, Phelps & Phillips
LLP 

695 Town Center
Drive 

Cosa Mesa, CA 92626 

Attention: Thomas
J. Poletti, Esq. 

e-mail: tpoletti@manatt.com

31

9.2. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.3. Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.4. Entire
Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this
Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of the
Engagement Letter shall remain in full force and effect; provided, that, in the event of a conflict between the terms of the Engagement
Letter and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

9.5. Binding
Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Company,
and the controlling persons, directors and officers referred to in Section 5.2 hereof, and their respective successors, legal
representatives, heirs and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns
shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from any of the Underwriters.

9.6. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. The Company
hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought
and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to
such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company
may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to
it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding
upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party or parties in any such action shall
be entitled to recover from the other party or parties all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action
or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor.

9.7. WAIVER
OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. The Company (on its own behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders
and affiliates) and each of the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8. Execution
in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall
become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties
hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or e-mail/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient
delivery thereof.

9.9. Waiver, etc.
The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed
to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of
any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed
by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or
non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

32

If the foregoing correctly sets
forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon
this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

CALIBERCOS INC.

By: /s/ John C. Loeffler 

John C. Loeffler, II 

Chief Executive Officer

Confirmed and agreed as of the date first written
above, 

on behalf of itself and as Representative of
the several Underwriters named on Schedule
1 hereto:

CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC

By: /s/
Mackey McFarlane 

Mackey
McFarlane 

Head
of investment Banking 

SCHEDULE 1

Number
of

Underwriter Firm
Units

Craft
Capital Management, LLC 2,400,000

TOTAL 2,400,000

SCHEDULE 2-A

Pricing Information

Number of Firm Units: 2,400,000 

Public Offering Price per Firm Unit: $ 0.375 

Underwriting Discount per Firm Unit: $ 0.03 

Proceeds to Company per Firm Unit (before expenses): $ 0.345 

SCHEDULE 2-B

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

None.

SCHEDULE 2-C

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

EXHIBIT A

Form of Representatives Warrant
Agreement

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED
HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD
OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC OR
AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT,
LLC OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR
TO [________________] [DATE THAT IS 180 DAYS FROM THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES IN THE OFFERING THE OFFERING]. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M.,
EASTERN TIME, ON [___________________] [DATE THAT IS FIVE YEARS FROM THE DATE OF THE COMMENCEMENT OF SALES IN THE OFFERING].

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

For the Purchase of [] Shares of Class A
Common Stock

of

CALIBERCOS INC.

1. Purchase
Warrant. THIS CERTIFIES THAT, in consideration of funds duly paid by or on behalf of Craft Capital Management, LLC (Craft
or Holder), as registered owner of this Purchase Warrant, CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
Holder is entitled, at any time or from time to time from [________________], 2025 [180 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF SALES
IN THE OFFERING] (the Commencement Date), and at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on [____________], 2030 [DATE
THAT IS FIVE YEARS FROM THE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF SALES IN THE OFFERING] (the Expiration Date), but not thereafter,
to subscribe for, purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to [] shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value
$0.001 per share (the Shares), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 6 hereof. If the Expiration Date
is a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then this Purchase Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding
day which is not such a day in accordance with the terms herein. During the period ending on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees not
to take any action that would terminate this Purchase Warrant. This Purchase Warrant is initially exercisable at $[] per Share;
provided, however, that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this
Purchase Warrant, including the exercise price per Share and the number of Shares to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted
as therein specified. The term Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise price as may be adjusted from time
to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The term Effective Date shall mean April __, 2025, the date on which the
prospectus supplement dated April ____, 2025 to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-________) of the Company
(the Registration Statement) was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission),
such date being the commencement of sales in the offering pursuant to such prospectus supplement. All capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to those in the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below).

2. Exercise.

2.1. Exercise
Form. In order to exercise this Purchase Warrant, the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed and delivered
to the Company, together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased payable in cash by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company or by certified check or official bank check. If
the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase
Warrant shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

A-1

2.2. Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of any exercise of this Purchase Warrant there is no effective registration statement registering,
or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Shares by the Holder, then in lieu of exercising this Purchase Warrant by payment
of cash or check payable to the order of the Company pursuant to Section 2.1 above, Holder may elect to receive the number of Shares
equal to the value of this Purchase Warrant (or the portion thereof being exercised), by surrender of this Purchase Warrant to the Company,
together with the exercise form attached hereto, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder, Shares in accordance with the following
formula:

Where, 

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The fair market value of one Share; and

B = The Exercise Price.

For purposes of this Section 2.2,
the fair market value of a Share is defined as follows:

(i) If shares of the Companys common stock are traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the closing price on such exchange prior to the exercise form being submitted by the Company in connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; or

(ii) if shares of the Companys common stock are actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the closing bid price prior to the exercise form being submitted by the Company in connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; if there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors.

2.3. Legend.
Each certificate for the securities purchased under this Purchase Warrant shall bear a legend as follows unless such securities have been
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE
STATE LAW. NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
AND APPLICABLE STATE LAW WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY, IS AVAILABLE.

3. Transfer.

3.1. General
Restrictions. The registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that such Holder will not:
(a) sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder for a period of one
hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective Date to anyone other than: (i) Craft or an underwriter or a selected dealer participating
in the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of Craft or of any such underwriter or selected dealer, in each case
in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), or (b) for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective Date,
cause this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of this Purchase Warrant or the securities hereunder, except as provided
for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). On and after one hundred eighty (180) days after the Effective Date, transfers to others may be made
subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must deliver
to the Company the assignment form attached hereto duly executed and completed, together with the Purchase Warrant and payment of all
transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) business days transfer this Purchase Warrant
on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant or Purchase Warrants of like tenor to the appropriate
assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Shares purchasable hereunder or such portion of such
number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

A-2

3.2. Restrictions
Imposed by the Securities Act. If at any time after the Commencement Date there is no effective registration statement registering,
or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Shares by the Holder, the securities evidenced by this Purchase Warrant shall
not be transferred unless and until: (i) the Company has received the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be
transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, the availability
of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company (the Company hereby agreeing that the opinion of Lucosky Brookman
LLP shall be deemed satisfactory evidence of the availability of an exemption), or (ii) a registration statement or a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale of such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective
by the Commission and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

4. Registration
Rights.

4.1. Demand
Registration.

4.1.1. Grant
of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holders of at least 51% of the Purchase Warrants
and/or the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants, agrees to register, on one (1) occasion, all or any portion of
the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion,
the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt
of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject
to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a
Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration
rights pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such
registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company,
until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated.
The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holders to all other registered Holders
of the Purchase Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand
Notice.

4.1.2. Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.1.1,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such states as are reasonably requested
by the Holders; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities
in a state or other jurisdiction in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to
do business in such state or other jurisdiction or submit to general service of process in such state of other jurisdiction, or (ii) the
principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause
any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section 4.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at
least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement
are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to
sell the Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the
Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 4.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration under this Section 4.1.2 on only one
(1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date in accordance with
FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(B) and (C).

A-3

4.2. Piggy-Back
Registration.

4.2.1. Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 4.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
five (5) years from the Commencement Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable Securities
as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated
under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-4 or Form F-4 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that
if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof
shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in a registration statement because,
in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution,
then the Company shall be obligated to include in such registration statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities
with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable
Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such registration statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

4.2.2. Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.2.1 hereof,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed
date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed
by the Company until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities
shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt
of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Purchase Warrant,
there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section 4.2.2; provided, however,
that such registration rights shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date.

4.3. General
Terms.

4.3.1. Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holders of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability
(including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such
registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5 of the Underwriting Agreement between the Underwriters and the Company, dated
April ___, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement). The Holders of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant
to such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all
loss, claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion
in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5 of the Underwriting
Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

4.3.2. Exercise
of Purchase Warrants. Nothing contained in this Purchase Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holders to exercise their Purchase
Warrants prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

A-4

4.3.3. Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each underwriter
of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the
Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort
letter dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a
letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which
has issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and
underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration
statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall
include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent
auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

4.3.4. Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders
whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 4, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters,
and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

4.3.5. Documents
to be Delivered by Holders. Each of the Holders participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed
and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

4.3.6. Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 4.1 and 4.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holders shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holders,
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

4.4. Termination
of Registration Rights. The registration rights afforded to the Holders under this Section 4 shall terminate on the earliest
date when all Registrable Securities of such Holder either: (i) have been publicly sold by such Holder pursuant to a Registration
Statement, (ii) have been covered by an effective Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (or successor forms thereto),
which may be kept effective as an evergreen Registration Statement, or (iii) may be sold by the Holder within a 90-day period without
registration pursuant to Rule 144 or consistent with applicable SEC interpretive guidance (including CD&I No. 201.04 (April 2,
2007) or similar interpretive guidance).

A-5

5. New
Purchase Warrants to be Issued.

5.1. Partial
Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Warrant may be exercised or assigned in
whole or in part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant for cancellation,
together with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax if exercised
pursuant to Section 2.1 hereto, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Warrant of like
tenor to this Purchase Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Shares purchasable
hereunder as to which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

5.2. Lost
Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase
Warrant and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Purchase
Warrant of like tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction
shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

6. Adjustments.

6.1. Adjustments
to Exercise Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrant
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

6.1.1. Share
Dividends; Split Ups. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding
Shares is increased by a stock dividend payable in Shares or by a split up of Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective day
thereof, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding Shares, and the Exercise
Price shall be proportionately decreased.

6.1.2. Aggregation
of Shares. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding Shares is
decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Shares or other similar event (including, without limitation, any reverse
stock split), then, on the effective date thereof, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding Shares, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased.

6.1.3. Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Shares other than
a change covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Shares, or in the case of any share
reconstruction or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as
an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase Warrant shall
have the right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Warrant) to receive upon the exercise hereof,
for the same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other
securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation, or
consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of Shares of the Company obtainable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in Shares
covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 6.1.1, 6.1.2 and this Section 6.1.3.
The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, share reconstructions
or amalgamations, or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

6.1.4. Changes
in Form of Purchase Warrant. This form of Purchase Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section 6.1,
and Purchase Warrants issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Shares as are stated in the Purchase
Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Warrants reflecting
a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the
computation thereof.

A-6

6.2. Substitute
Purchase Warrant. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company with or
into, another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation which does not result in any reclassification
or change of the outstanding Shares), the corporation formed by such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Warrant providing that the holder of each Purchase Warrant then outstanding or to be
outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Warrant) to receive, upon exercise of such Purchase
Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Shares for which such Purchase Warrant might have been exercised immediately prior to such
consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation, sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Warrant shall provide for adjustments
which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in this Section 6. The above provision of this Section shall similarly
apply to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or amalgamations.

6.3. Elimination
of Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Shares upon the exercise
of the Purchase Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent
of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest
whole number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights.

7. Reservation
and Listing. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance
upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants, such number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the
exercise thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants and payment of the Exercise Price therefor,
in accordance with the terms hereby, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and not subject to pre-emptive rights of any shareholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that upon exercise
of the Purchase Warrants and payment of the exercise price therefor, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to pre-emptive rights of any shareholder. As long as the Purchase
Warrants shall be outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Shares issuable upon exercise of
the Purchase Warrants to be listed (subject to official notice of issuance) on all national securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on
the OTC Bulletin Board or any successor trading market) on which the Shares issued to the public in the Offering may then be listed and/or
quoted.

8. Certain
Notice Requirements.

8.1. Holders
Right to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or consent or to receive
notice as a shareholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company. If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Warrants and their exercise, any of the events described in
Section 8.2 shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written notice of such event at least fifteen
(15) days prior to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for the determination of the shareholders
entitled to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled to vote on such proposed
dissolution, liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer books,
as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice given to the other shareholders
of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the shareholders.

8.2. Events
Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the following
events: (i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Shares for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend
or distribution payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings, as
indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company; (ii) the Company shall offer
to all the holders of its Shares any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of capital stock of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor; or (iii) a dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all
or substantially all of its property, assets and business shall be proposed.

A-7

8.3. Notice
of Change in Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 6
hereof, send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the event
causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Companys Chief Financial
Officer.

8.4. Transmittal
of Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Warrant shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly made when hand delivered or mailed by express mail or private courier service: (i) if to the registered
Holder of the Purchase Warrant, to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company, or (ii) if to the Company, to
following address or to such other address as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders:

If to the Holder:

Craft Capital Management,
LLC

377 Oak Street,
Lower Concourse, Suite C2

Garden City, NY
11530

Attention: Mackey
McFarlane, Head of Investment Banking

e-mail: [______________]

with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Lucosky Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Woodbridge, NJ 08330

Attention: Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq.

Fax No.: (732) 395-4401

E-Mail: jlucosky@lucbro.com

If to the Company:

CaliberCos Inc.

8901 E. Mountain View Road, Suite 150

Scottsdale, AZ 85258

Attention: Chris Loeffler, Chief Executive Officer

e-mail: chris.loeffoer@claiberco.com

with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Manatt, Phelps & Phillips LLP

695 Town Center Drive

Cosa Mesa, CA 92626

Attention: Thomas J. Poletti, Esq.

e-mail: tpoletti@manatt.com

9. General.

9.1. Amendments.
The Company and Craft may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Warrant without the approval of any of the Holders in order
to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions
herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that the Company and Craft may deem necessary
or desirable and that the Company and Craft deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments
shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

A-8

9.2. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Warrant.

9.3. Entire
Agreement. This Purchase Warrant (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with
this Purchase Warrant) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4. Binding
Effect. This Purchase Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their
permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

9.5. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Purchase Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State
of New York. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this
Purchase Warrant shall be brought in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in the City and County of New York, or in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 8 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal
service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the
prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor.

9.6. WAIVER
OF TRIAL BY JURY. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its shareholders and affiliates)
and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7. Waivers, etc.
The failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall not be deemed or
construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Warrant or any provision hereof
or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Warrant. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.8. Exchange
Agreement. As a condition of the Holders receipt and acceptance of this Purchase Warrant, Holder agrees that, at any time prior
to the complete exercise of this Purchase Warrant by Holder, if the Company and Craft enter into an agreement (Exchange Agreement)
pursuant to which they agree that all outstanding Purchase Warrants will be exchanged for securities or cash or a combination of both,
then Holder shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

A-9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Purchase Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the ____ day of _______, 2025.

Very truly yours,

CALIBERCOS INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-10

[Form to be used to exercise Purchase Warrant]

EXERCISE FORM

Date: __________, 20___

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to exercise the Purchase Warrant for [] Class A shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares),
of CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and hereby makes payment of $[] (at the exercise
price of $[] per Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Shares as to which this Purchase Warrant
is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing the number of Shares
for which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

or

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to convert its right to purchase [] Shares of the Company under the Purchase Warrant for [] Shares, as determined
in accordance with the following formula:

Where, 

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The fair market value of one Share which is equal to $[]; and

B = The Exercise Price which is equal to $[] per share

The undersigned agrees and
acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement with respect to the calculation
shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion.

Please issue the Shares as
to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant
representing the number of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been converted.

Signature 

Signature Guaranteed 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

Name: 

(Print in Block Letters) 

Address: 

A-11

[Form to be used to assign
Purchase Warrant]

ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered Holder to effect a transfer of the
within Purchase Warrant):

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, __________________ does hereby
sell, assign and transfer unto the right to purchase [] shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of CaliberCos
Inc., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company), evidenced by the Purchase
Warrant and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company.

Dated: __________, 20__

Signature 

Signature Guaranteed 

A-12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT
BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE WARRANT EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED
HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE WARRANT AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE WARRANT FOR A PERIOD
OF ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY DAYS FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC OR
AN UNDERWRITER OR A SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING, OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF CRAFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT,
LLC OR OF ANY SUCH UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER.

THIS PURCHASE WARRANT IS NOT EXERCISABLE PRIOR
TO OCTOBER 14, 2025. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M., EASTERN TIME, ON APRIL 17, 2030 .

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

For the Purchase of 192,000 Shares of Class A
Common Stock

of

CALIBERCOS INC.

1. Purchase
Warrant. THIS CERTIFIES THAT, in consideration of funds duly paid by or on behalf of Craft Capital Management, LLC (Craft
or Holder), as registered owner of this Purchase Warrant, CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company),
Holder is entitled, at any time or from time to time from October 14, 2025 (the Commencement Date), and at or
before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on April 17, 2030 (the Expiration Date), but not thereafter, to subscribe for,
purchase and receive, in whole or in part, up to 192,000 shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share
(the Shares), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 6 hereof. If the Expiration Date is a day on which
banking institutions are authorized by law to close, then this Purchase Warrant may be exercised on the next succeeding day which is not
such a day in accordance with the terms herein. During the period ending on the Expiration Date, the Company agrees not to take any action
that would terminate this Purchase Warrant. This Purchase Warrant is initially exercisable at $0.4125 per Share; provided, however,
that upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 6 hereof, the rights granted by this Purchase Warrant, including
the exercise price per Share and the number of Shares to be received upon such exercise, shall be adjusted as therein specified. The term
Exercise Price shall mean the initial exercise price as may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.
The term Effective Date shall mean April 17, 2025, the date on which the prospectus supplement dated April 17,
2025 to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-280243) of the Company (the Registration Statement)
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission), such date being the commencement of sales
in the offering pursuant to such prospectus supplement. All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
to those in the Underwriting Agreement (as defined below).

2. Exercise.

2.1. Exercise
Form. In order to exercise this Purchase Warrant, the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed and delivered
to the Company, together with this Purchase Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased payable in cash by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company or by certified check or official bank check. If
the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the Expiration Date, this Purchase
Warrant shall become and be void without further force or effect, and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

2.2. Cashless
Exercise. If at the time of any exercise of this Purchase Warrant there is no effective registration statement registering,
or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Shares by the Holder, then in lieu of exercising this Purchase Warrant by payment
of cash or check payable to the order of the Company pursuant to Section 2.1 above, Holder may elect to receive the number of Shares
equal to the value of this Purchase Warrant (or the portion thereof being exercised), by surrender of this Purchase Warrant to the Company,
together with the exercise form attached hereto, in which event the Company shall issue to Holder, Shares in accordance with the following
formula:

Where, 

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The fair market value of one Share; and

B = The Exercise Price.

For purposes of this Section 2.2,
the fair market value of a Share is defined as follows:

(i) If shares of the Companys common stock are traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the closing price on such exchange prior to the exercise form being submitted by the Company in connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; or

(ii) if shares of the Companys common stock are actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the closing bid price prior to the exercise form being submitted by the Company in connection with the exercise of the Purchase Warrant; if there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Companys Board of Directors.

2.3. Legend.
Each certificate for the securities purchased under this Purchase Warrant shall bear a legend as follows unless such securities have been
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE
STATE LAW. NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
AND APPLICABLE STATE LAW WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE COMPANY, IS AVAILABLE.

3. Transfer.

3.1. General
Restrictions. The registered Holder of this Purchase Warrant agrees by his, her or its acceptance hereof, that such Holder will not:
(a) sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder for a period of one
hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective Date to anyone other than: (i) Craft or an underwriter or a selected dealer participating
in the Offering, or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of Craft or of any such underwriter or selected dealer, in each case
in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), or (b) for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective Date,
cause this Purchase Warrant or the securities issuable hereunder to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call
transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of this Purchase Warrant or the securities hereunder, except as provided
for in FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). On and after one hundred eighty (180) days after the Effective Date, transfers to others may be made
subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment, the Holder must deliver
to the Company the assignment form attached hereto duly executed and completed, together with the Purchase Warrant and payment of all
transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five (5) business days transfer this Purchase Warrant
on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Warrant or Purchase Warrants of like tenor to the appropriate
assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Shares purchasable hereunder or such portion of such
number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

3.2. Restrictions
Imposed by the Securities Act. If at any time after the Commencement Date there is no effective registration statement registering,
or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the Shares by the Holder, the securities evidenced by this Purchase Warrant shall
not be transferred unless and until: (i) the Company has received the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be
transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, the availability
of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company (the Company hereby agreeing that the opinion of Lucosky Brookman
LLP shall be deemed satisfactory evidence of the availability of an exemption), or (ii) a registration statement or a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement relating to the offer and sale of such securities has been filed by the Company and declared effective
by the Commission and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.

4. Registration
Rights.

4.1. Demand
Registration.

4.1.1. Grant
of Right. The Company, upon written demand (a Demand Notice) of the Holders of at least 51% of the Purchase Warrants
and/or the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants, agrees to register, on one (1) occasion, all or any portion of
the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities). On such occasion,
the Company will file a registration statement with the Commission covering the Registrable Securities within sixty (60) days after receipt
of a Demand Notice and use its reasonable best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective promptly thereafter, subject
to compliance with review by the Commission; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to comply with a
Demand Notice if the Company has filed a registration statement with respect to which the Holder is entitled to piggyback registration
rights pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof and either: (i) the Holder has elected to participate in the offering covered by such
registration statement or (ii) if such registration statement relates to an underwritten primary offering of securities of the Company,
until the offering covered by such registration statement has been withdrawn or until thirty (30) days after such offering is consummated.
The Company covenants and agrees to give written notice of its receipt of any Demand Notice by any Holders to all other registered Holders
of the Purchase Warrants and/or the Registrable Securities within ten (10) days after the date of the receipt of any such Demand
Notice.

4.1.2. Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to the registration of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.1.1,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the filing
required herein to become effective promptly and to qualify or register the Registrable Securities in such states as are reasonably requested
by the Holders; provided, however, that in no event shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities
in a state or other jurisdiction in which such registration would cause: (i) the Company to be obligated to register or license to
do business in such state or other jurisdiction or submit to general service of process in such state of other jurisdiction, or (ii) the
principal shareholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company shall cause
any registration statement filed pursuant to the demand right granted under Section 4.1.1 to remain effective for a period of at
least twelve (12) consecutive months after the date that the Holders of the Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement
are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities. The Holders shall only use the prospectuses provided by the Company to
sell the Shares covered by such registration statement, and will immediately cease to use any prospectus furnished by the Company if the
Company advises the Holder that such prospectus may no longer be used due to a material misstatement or omission. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 4.1.2, the Holder shall be entitled to a demand registration under this Section 4.1.2 on only one
(1) occasion and such demand registration right shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date in accordance with
FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(B) and (C).

4.2. Piggy-Back
Registration.

4.2.1. Grant
of Right. In addition to the demand right of registration described in Section 4.1 hereof, the Holder shall have the right, for
five (5) years from the Commencement Date in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(D), to include the Registrable Securities
as part of any other registration of securities filed by the Company (other than in connection with a transaction contemplated by Rule 145(a) promulgated
under the Securities Act or pursuant to Form S-4 or Form F-4 or any equivalent form); provided, however, that
if, solely in connection with any primary underwritten public offering for the account of the Company, the managing underwriter(s) thereof
shall, in its reasonable discretion, impose a limitation on the number of Shares which may be included in a registration statement because,
in such underwriter(s) judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution,
then the Company shall be obligated to include in such registration statement only such limited portion of the Registrable Securities
with respect to which the Holder requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall reasonably permit. Any exclusion of Registrable
Securities shall be made pro rata among the Holders seeking to include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not exclude any Registrable
Securities unless the Company has first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled to inclusion of such
securities in such registration statement or are not entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities.

4.2.2. Terms.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 4.2.1 hereof,
but the Holders shall pay any and all underwriting commissions and the expenses of any legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent
them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration, the Company shall furnish
the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than thirty (30) days written notice prior to the proposed
date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for each registration statement filed
by the Company until such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been sold by the Holder. The holders of the Registrable Securities
shall exercise the piggy-back rights provided for herein by giving written notice within ten (10) days of the receipt
of the Companys notice of its intention to file a registration statement. Except as otherwise provided in this Purchase Warrant,
there shall be no limit on the number of times the Holder may request registration under this Section 4.2.2; provided, however,
that such registration rights shall terminate on the fifth anniversary of the Commencement Date.

4.3. General
Terms.

4.3.1. Indemnification.
The Company shall indemnify the Holders of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and
each person, if any, who controls such Holders within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), against all loss, claim, damage, expense or liability
(including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against
any claim whatsoever) to which any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, arising from such
registration statement but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed
to indemnify the Underwriters contained in Section 5 of the Underwriting Agreement between the Underwriters and the Company, dated
April 17, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement). The Holders of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to
such registration statement, and their successors and assigns, shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify the Company, against all loss,
claim, damage, expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise,
arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders, or their successors or assigns, in writing, for specific inclusion
in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5 of the Underwriting
Agreement pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.

4.3.2. Exercise
of Purchase Warrants. Nothing contained in this Purchase Warrant shall be construed as requiring the Holders to exercise their Purchase
Warrants prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement or the effectiveness thereof.

4.3.3. Documents
Delivered to Holders. The Company shall furnish to each Holder participating in any of the foregoing offerings and to each underwriter
of any such offering, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such Holder or underwriter, of: (i) an opinion of counsel to the
Company, dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering,
an opinion dated the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto), and (ii) a cold comfort
letter dated the effective date of such registration statement (and, if such registration includes an underwritten public offering, a
letter dated the date of the closing under the underwriting agreement) signed by the independent registered public accounting firm which
has issued a report on the Companys financial statements included in such registration statement, in each case covering substantially
the same matters with respect to such registration statement (and the prospectus included therein) and, in the case of such accountants
letter, with respect to events subsequent to the date of such financial statements, as are customarily covered in opinions of issuers
counsel and in accountants letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall
also deliver promptly to each Holder participating in the offering requesting the correspondence and memoranda described below and to
the managing underwriter, if any, copies of all correspondence between the Commission and the Company, its counsel or auditors and all
memoranda relating to discussions with the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit each Holder and
underwriter to do such investigation, upon reasonable advance notice, with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration
statement as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall
include access to books, records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent
auditors, all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times as any such Holder shall reasonably request.

4.3.4. Underwriting
Agreement. The Company shall enter into an underwriting agreement with the managing underwriter(s), if any, selected by any Holders
whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 4, which managing underwriter shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, each Holder and such managing underwriters,
and shall contain such representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms as are customarily contained in agreements
of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting agreement relating to an underwritten
sale of their Registrable Securities and may, at their option, require that any or all the representations, warranties and covenants of
the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not
be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate
to such Holders, their Shares and their intended methods of distribution.

4.3.5. Documents
to be Delivered by Holders. Each of the Holders participating in any of the foregoing offerings shall furnish to the Company a completed
and executed questionnaire provided by the Company requesting information customarily sought of selling security holders.

4.3.6. Damages.
Should the registration or the effectiveness thereof required by Sections 4.1 and 4.2 hereof be delayed by the Company or the Company
otherwise fails to comply with such provisions, the Holders shall, in addition to any other legal or other relief available to the Holders,
be entitled to obtain specific performance or other equitable (including injunctive) relief against the threatened breach of such provisions
or the continuation of any such breach, without the necessity of proving actual damages and without the necessity of posting bond or other
security.

4.4. Termination
of Registration Rights. The registration rights afforded to the Holders under this Section 4 shall terminate on the earliest
date when all Registrable Securities of such Holder either: (i) have been publicly sold by such Holder pursuant to a Registration
Statement, (ii) have been covered by an effective Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 (or successor forms thereto),
which may be kept effective as an evergreen Registration Statement, or (iii) may be sold by the Holder within a 90-day period without
registration pursuant to Rule 144 or consistent with applicable SEC interpretive guidance (including CD&I No. 201.04 (April 2,
2007) or similar interpretive guidance).

5. New
Purchase Warrants to be Issued.

5.1. Partial
Exercise or Transfer. Subject to the restrictions in Section 3 hereof, this Purchase Warrant may be exercised or assigned in
whole or in part. In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only, upon surrender of this Purchase Warrant for cancellation,
together with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price and/or transfer tax if exercised
pursuant to Section 2.1 hereto, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Warrant of like
tenor to this Purchase Warrant in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Shares purchasable
hereunder as to which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised or assigned.

5.2. Lost
Certificate. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Purchase
Warrant and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Purchase
Warrant of like tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Warrant executed and delivered as a result of such loss, theft, mutilation or destruction
shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

6. Adjustments.

6.1. Adjustments
to Exercise Price and Number of Securities. The Exercise Price and the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrant
shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

6.1.1. Share
Dividends; Split Ups. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding
Shares is increased by a stock dividend payable in Shares or by a split up of Shares or other similar event, then, on the effective day
thereof, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding Shares, and the Exercise
Price shall be proportionately decreased.

6.1.2. Aggregation
of Shares. If, after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below, the number of outstanding Shares is
decreased by a consolidation, combination or reclassification of Shares or other similar event (including, without limitation, any reverse
stock split), then, on the effective date thereof, the number of Shares purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding Shares, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased.

6.1.3. Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization, etc. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Shares other than
a change covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Shares, or in the case of any share
reconstruction or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as
an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved, the Holder of this Purchase Warrant shall
have the right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Warrant) to receive upon the exercise hereof,
for the same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other
securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, share reconstruction or amalgamation, or
consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, by a Holder of the number of Shares of the Company obtainable
upon exercise of this Purchase Warrant immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in Shares
covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2, then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 6.1.1, 6.1.2 and this Section 6.1.3.
The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, reorganizations, share reconstructions
or amalgamations, or consolidations, sales or other transfers.

6.1.4. Changes
in Form of Purchase Warrant. This form of Purchase Warrant need not be changed because of any change pursuant to this Section 6.1,
and Purchase Warrants issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Shares as are stated in the Purchase
Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Warrants reflecting
a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement Date or the
computation thereof.

6.2. Substitute
Purchase Warrant. In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or share reconstruction or amalgamation of the Company with or
into, another corporation (other than a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation which does not result in any reclassification
or change of the outstanding Shares), the corporation formed by such consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation shall execute
and deliver to the Holder a supplemental Purchase Warrant providing that the holder of each Purchase Warrant then outstanding or to be
outstanding shall have the right thereafter (until the stated expiration of such Purchase Warrant) to receive, upon exercise of such Purchase
Warrant, the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or share reconstruction
or amalgamation, by a holder of the number of Shares for which such Purchase Warrant might have been exercised immediately prior to such
consolidation, share reconstruction or amalgamation, sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Warrant shall provide for adjustments
which shall be identical to the adjustments provided for in this Section 6. The above provision of this Section shall similarly
apply to successive consolidations or share reconstructions or amalgamations.

6.3. Elimination
of Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required to issue certificates representing fractions of Shares upon the exercise
of the Purchase Warrant, nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu of any fractional interests, it being the intent
of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any fraction up or down, as the case may be, to the nearest
whole number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights.

7. Reservation
and Listing. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized Shares, solely for the purpose of issuance
upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants, such number of Shares or other securities, properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the
exercise thereof. The Company covenants and agrees that, upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants and payment of the Exercise Price therefor,
in accordance with the terms hereby, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable and not subject to pre-emptive rights of any shareholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that upon exercise
of the Purchase Warrants and payment of the exercise price therefor, all Shares and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to pre-emptive rights of any shareholder. As long as the Purchase
Warrants shall be outstanding, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Shares issuable upon exercise of
the Purchase Warrants to be listed (subject to official notice of issuance) on all national securities exchanges (or, if applicable, on
the OTC Bulletin Board or any successor trading market) on which the Shares issued to the public in the Offering may then be listed and/or
quoted.

8. Certain
Notice Requirements.

8.1. Holders
Right to Receive Notice. Nothing herein shall be construed as conferring upon the Holders the right to vote or consent or to receive
notice as a shareholder for the election of directors or any other matter, or as having any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the
Company. If, however, at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Warrants and their exercise, any of the events described in
Section 8.2 shall occur, then, in one or more of said events, the Company shall give written notice of such event at least fifteen
(15) days prior to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for the determination of the shareholders
entitled to such dividend, distribution, conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights, or entitled to vote on such proposed
dissolution, liquidation, winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer books,
as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice given to the other shareholders
of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the shareholders.

8.2. Events
Requiring Notice. The Company shall be required to give the notice described in this Section 8 upon one or more of the following
events: (i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Shares for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend
or distribution payable otherwise than in cash, or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained earnings, as
indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company; (ii) the Company shall offer
to all the holders of its Shares any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of capital stock of the Company, or any option, right or warrant to subscribe therefor; or (iii) a dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or share reconstruction or amalgamation) or a sale of all
or substantially all of its property, assets and business shall be proposed.

8.3. Notice
of Change in Exercise Price. The Company shall, promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 6
hereof, send notice to the Holders of such event and change (Price Notice). The Price Notice shall describe the event
causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate by the Companys Chief Financial
Officer.

8.4. Transmittal
of Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications under this Purchase Warrant shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly made when hand delivered or mailed by express mail or private courier service: (i) if to the registered
Holder of the Purchase Warrant, to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company, or (ii) if to the Company, to
following address or to such other address as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders:

If to the Holder:

Craft Capital Management,
LLC

377 Oak Street,
Lower Concourse, Suite C2

Garden City, NY
11530

Attention: Mackey
McFarlane, Head of Investment Banking

e-mail: [______________]

with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Lucosky Brookman LLP

101 Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor

Woodbridge, NJ 08330

Attention: Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq.

Fax No.: (732) 395-4401

E-Mail: jlucosky@lucbro.com

If to the Company:

CaliberCos Inc.

8901 E. Mountain View Road, Suite 150

Scottsdale, AZ 85258

Attention: Chris Loeffler, Chief Executive Officer

e-mail: chris.loeffoer@claiberco.com

with a copy (which shall not
constitute notice) to:

Manatt, Phelps & Phillips LLP

695 Town Center Drive

Cosa Mesa, CA 92626

Attention: Thomas J. Poletti, Esq.

e-mail: tpoletti@manatt.com

9. General.

9.1. Amendments.
The Company and Craft may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Warrant without the approval of any of the Holders in order
to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions
herein, or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that the Company and Craft may deem necessary
or desirable and that the Company and Craft deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Holders. All other modifications or amendments
shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement of the modification or amendment is sought.

9.2. Headings.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning
or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Warrant.

9.3. Entire
Agreement. This Purchase Warrant (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with
this Purchase Warrant) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

9.4. Binding
Effect. This Purchase Warrant shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon, the Holder and the Company and their
permitted assignees, respective successors, legal representative and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Warrant or any provisions herein contained.

9.5. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Purchase Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State
of New York. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this
Purchase Warrant shall be brought in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in the City and County of New York, or in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 8 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal
service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the
prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys
fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor.

9.6. WAIVER
OF TRIAL BY JURY. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its shareholders and affiliates)
and the Holder hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any
legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.7. Waivers, etc.
The failure of the Company or the Holder to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall not be deemed or
construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Warrant or any provision hereof
or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Warrant. No waiver of any breach,
non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Warrant shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument
executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance
or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

9.8. Exchange
Agreement. As a condition of the Holders receipt and acceptance of this Purchase Warrant, Holder agrees that, at any time prior
to the complete exercise of this Purchase Warrant by Holder, if the Company and Craft enter into an agreement (Exchange Agreement)
pursuant to which they agree that all outstanding Purchase Warrants will be exchanged for securities or cash or a combination of both,
then Holder shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this
Purchase Warrant to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the 17th day of April, 2025.

Very truly yours,

CALIBERCOS INC.

By: /s/ John C. Loeffler, II

Name: John C. Loeffler, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Form to be used to exercise Purchase Warrant]

EXERCISE FORM

Date: __________, 20___

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to exercise the Purchase Warrant for [] Class A shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Shares),
of CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and hereby makes payment of $[] (at the exercise
price of $[] per Share) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue the Shares as to which this Purchase Warrant
is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant representing the number of Shares
for which this Purchase Warrant has not been exercised.

or

The undersigned hereby elects
irrevocably to convert its right to purchase [] Shares of the Company under the Purchase Warrant for [] Shares, as determined
in accordance with the following formula:

Where, 

X = The number of Shares to be issued to Holder;

Y = The number of Shares for which the Purchase Warrant is being exercised;

A = The fair market value of one Share which is equal to $[]; and

B = The Exercise Price which is equal to $[] per share

The undersigned agrees and
acknowledges that the calculation set forth above is subject to confirmation by the Company and any disagreement with respect to the calculation
shall be resolved by the Company in its sole discretion.

Please issue the Shares as
to which this Purchase Warrant is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below and, if applicable, a new Purchase Warrant
representing the number of Shares for which this Purchase Warrant has not been converted.

Signature 

Signature Guaranteed 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

Name: 

(Print in Block Letters) 

Address: 

[Form to be used
to assign Purchase Warrant]

ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed by the registered Holder to effect a transfer of the
within Purchase Warrant):

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, __________________ does hereby
sell, assign and transfer unto the right to purchase [] shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of CaliberCos
Inc., a corporation incorporated under the law of the State of Delaware (the Company), evidenced by the Purchase
Warrant and does hereby authorize the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company.

Dated: __________, 20__

Signature 

Signature Guaranteed
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Rights Agreement (this
Agreement) is made as of April 17, 2025 between CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal executive
offices at 8901 E. Mountain View Rd. Ste. 150, Scottsdale, Arizona 85258 (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, a New York company, with offices at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004 (the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company has filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission a prospectus supplement (the Prospectus Supplement), for a public offering
(the Public Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities (each, a Unit and collectively,
the Units), each such Unit comprised of one share of the Companys Class A common stock, par value $0.001
per share (Class A Shares) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Class A Share (the Rights)
upon the happening of the Rights Trigger Event (defined below);

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration,
transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation
of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on
behalf of the Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company
hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment
and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Rights.

2.1. Form of Right.
Each Right shall be issued in book-entry form, as requested by the Company or the holder of a Right.

2.2. Registration.

2.2.1. Right Register.
The Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration
of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights in the names
of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights Agent by
the Company.

2.2.2. Registered Holder.
The Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (Registered
Holder) as the absolute owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership
or other writing on the Right Book-Entry position made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange
thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.3. Detachability of Rights.
The securities comprising the Units are detachable immediately upon issuance. There is no established trading market for the Rights and
the Company does not intend to list the Rights on any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system.

3. Terms and Exchange of Rights

3.1. Rights. Each holder
of a Right shall automatically receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Class A Share upon consummation of the Rights Trigger Event. No additional
consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Class A Shares upon the occurrence of the Rights
Trigger Event, as the purchase price for such Class A Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional Class A Shares.

3.2. Rights Trigger Event.
The Rights Trigger Event shall occur upon such date as the closing price of the Companys Class A Share on the
Nasdaq Capital Market equals or exceeds $1.25 for three consecutive trading days.

3.3. Exchange of Rights.

3.3.1. Issuance of Certificates.
As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, the Company shall direct holders of the Rights to return their Rights
Book-Entry positions electronically to the Rights Agent. Upon receipt of a valid Rights Statement, the Company shall make (or cause to
be made) entries in its Register of Members of the Company and issue to the Registered Holder of such Right(s) the number of full
Class A Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be directed by him, her or it. The Company
shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of an Exchange Event, the Company will either instruct the Rights
Agent to round down to the nearest whole Class A Share or otherwise inform it how fractional shares will be addressed in accordance
with Delaware law.

3.3.2. Valid Issuance.
All Class A Shares issued upon the occurrence of the Rights Trigger Event in conformity with this Agreement and the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3. Date of Issuance.
Each person in whose name any such Book-Entry position for Class A Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become
the holder of record of such shares on the date that the persons name is entered in the Register of Members of the Company, which
shall be the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such Book-Entry position.

3.3.4. Company Not Surviving
Following Exchange Event. Upon the occurrence of the Rights Trigger Event in which the Company does not continue as the surviving
entity, each holder of a Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its Rights in order to receive the 1/5 of a Class A
Share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon the occurrence of the Rights Trigger Event. Each holder
of a Right will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the Rights into the underlying Class A Shares..

3.4. Duration of Rights.
The Rights shall expire and shall be worthless on January 21, 2026.

4. Transfer and Exchange of Rights.

4.1. Registration of Transfer.
The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon surrender of such
Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon
any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right shall be cancelled by
the Rights Agent. The Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Rights Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

4.2. Procedure for Surrender
of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer, and thereupon
the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights as requested by the Registered Holder of the Rights so surrendered,
representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive
legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor until the Rights Agent has received an
opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Rights must also bear a restrictive
legend.

4.3. Fractional Rights.
The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance of a Right
Book-Entry position for a fraction of a Right.

4.4. Service Charges.
No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

4.5. Right Execution and
Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by the Rights Agent,
will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5. Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders
of Rights.

5.1. No Rights as Shareholder.
Until exchange of a Right for Class A Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the Registered Holder thereof to any
of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions,
exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings of shareholders or
the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2. Lost, Stolen, Mutilated,
or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right, include the surrender
thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such new
Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed
Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3. Reservation of Class A
Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Class A Shares that
will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

5.4. Adjustments to Conversion
Ratios. The number of Class A Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence of an Exchange
Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, share dividend, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Class A Shares occurring on or after the
date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

6. Concerning the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1. Payment of Taxes.
The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights Agent in respect
of the issuance or delivery of Class A Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any transfer
taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2. Resignation, Consolidation,
or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1. Appointment of Successor
Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from all further
duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Rights Agent
becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor Rights Agent in place
of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has been notified in writing
of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with such notice, submit his, her or its
Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County
of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed
by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York, in good standing
and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate
trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Rights Agent shall
be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Rights Agent with like effect
as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate,
the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Rights
Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Rights Agent
the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in
and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

6.2.2. Notice of Successor
Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the predecessor Rights
Agent and the transfer agent for the Class A Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3. Merger or Consolidation
of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any corporation
resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights Agent under this Agreement
without any further act.

6.3. Fees and Expenses
of Rights Agent.

6.3.1. Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder and will reimburse
the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2. Further Assurances.
The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and delivered all such
further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing
of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4. Liability of Rights
Agent.

6.4.1. Reliance on Company
Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that
any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless
other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a statement
signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent may rely upon such
statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2. Indemnity. The
Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject to Section 6.6
below, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs
and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of
the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.

6.4.3. Exclusions. The
Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition
contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to
the authorization or reservation of any Class A Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether any
Class A Shares will when issued be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5. Acceptance of Agency.
The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms and conditions
herein set forth.

6.6. Waiver. The Rights
Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in, or
to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7. Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1. Successors. All
the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit
of their respective successors and assigns.

7.2. Notices. Any notice,
statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to or on the Company
shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service
within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with
the Rights Agent), as follows:

CaliberCos Inc.

8901 E. Mountain View Rd. Ste. 150

Scottsdale, Arizona 85258

Attention: John C. Loeffler, II

Email: Chris.Loeffler@caliberco.com

Any notice, statement or demand authorized by
this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given
when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit
of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1
State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

Email:

in each case, with copies to:

Manatt, Phelps & Phillips LLP

695 Town Center Drive, 14th Floor

Costa Mesa, CA 92626

Attn.: Thomas J. Poletti, Esq.

Email: tpoletti@manatt.com

7.3. Applicable Law.
The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of
another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way
to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any
objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any other claim for
which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any such process or summons to be
served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall
be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim.

7.4. Persons Having Rights
under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions hereof is intended,
or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders
of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason
of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. The Representative shall be deemed to be a
third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises,
and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and the Representative with
respect to the Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders of the Rights. The provisions
of this Section 7.4 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.5. Examination of the
Right Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent in the Borough
of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such
holder to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes
be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7. Effect of Headings.
The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation thereof.

7.8. Amendments. This
Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or
of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not
adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote
of the Registered Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8 may not be modified, amended
or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.9. Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

CALIBERCOS INC.

By: /s/ John C. Loeffler, II

Name: John C. Loeffler, II

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: /s/ Steven Vacante

Name: Steven Vacante

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

April 17, 2025

CaliberCos Inc.

8901 E. Mountain View Rd. Ste. 150

Scottsdale, Arizona 85258

Re: Registration Statement on Form S-3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to CaliberCos Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with the Companys
offer, issuance and sale from time to time of up to (i) 2,400,000 units (the Units), with each Unit consisting of one share
(collectively, the Shares) of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share of the Company (the Common Stock),
and one right to receive one-fifth of one share of Common Stock (collectively, the Rights); and (ii) representative warrants
to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to 8% of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock being offered (Representative
Warrants; the Units and Representative Warrants collectively the Securities) pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement
(the Agreement), dated as of April 17, 2025, by and between the Company and Craft Capital Management LLC, as representative
to the underwriters (Representative). The Securities are included in a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration
No. 333-280243) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Commission) on June 14, 2024 and declared effective on June 25, 2024 (the Registration Statement),
and we understand that the Securities are to be offered and sold in the manner described in the base prospectus, dated June 25, 2024 (the
Base Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement dated April 17, 2025 (collectively, with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

This opinion is being furnished in connection
with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any matter pertaining
to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect to the issue of the
Securities.

In connection with our opinion, we have examined
(i) the Registration Statement, including the exhibits thereto, (ii) the Prospectus, (iii) the Agreement, (iv) the Units, (v) the Representative
Warrants, (vi) the Companys Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (Certificate of Incorporation),
(vii) the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, and (viii) the corporate resolutions and other actions of the Company
that authorize and provide for the issuance of the Securities, and have examined such laws and regulations, as we have deemed necessary
for the purposes of this opinion. In making our examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the authenticity of all
documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity with the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies and the legal capacity
of all natural persons. We have also assumed that after the issuance of any securities offered pursuant to the Registration Statement,
the total number of issued shares of Common Stock together with the total number of shares of such stock issuable upon the exercise, exchange,
conversion, or settlement, as the case may be, of any exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security then outstanding, will not exceed
the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Certificate of Incorporation as then in effect.

2049 Century Park East, Suite 1700, Los Angeles,
California 90067 Telephone: 310.312.4000 Fax: 310.312.4224

Albany | Boston | Chicago | Los Angeles | New York
| Orange County | Palo Alto | Sacramento | San Francisco | Washington

As to matters of fact material to our opinions
in this letter, we have relied on certificates and statements from officers and other employees of the Company, public officials and other
appropriate persons.

Based on the foregoing and subject to the qualifications
set forth below, we are of the opinion that the Securities, when issued by the Company against payment therefor in the circumstances contemplated
by the Prospectus, will have been duly authorized for issuance by all necessary corporate action by the Company, and will be validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable.

The foregoing opinions are limited to the General
Corporate Law of the State of Delaware, and we express no opinion herein as to any other statues, rules or regulations.

The opinions expressed in this opinion letter
are as of the date of this opinion letter only and as to laws covered hereby only as they are in effect on that date, and we assume no
obligation to update or supplement such opinion to reflect any facts or circumstances that may come to our attention after that date or
any changes in law that may occur or become effective after that date. The opinions herein are limited to the matters expressly set forth
in this opinion letter, and no opinion or representation is given or may be inferred beyond the opinions expressly set forth in this opinion
letter.

We hereby consent to the inclusion of this opinion
to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 17, 2025, which is incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, and to
the use of this firms name under the caption Legal Matters in the Registration Statement and Prospectus. In giving
this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.

/s/ Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP

Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP

2049 Century Park East, Suite 1700, Los Angeles,
California 90067 Telephone: 310.312.4000 Fax: 310.312.4224

Albany | Boston | Chicago | Los Angeles | New York
| Orange County | Palo Alto | Sacramento | San Francisco | Washington
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.1

Caliber
Announces Pricing of the Public Offering Units

SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., April. 17, 2025 
Caliber (NASDAQ: CWD; CaliberCos Inc.), a real estate investor, developer, and asset manager, CaliberCos Inc. (Nasdaq:
CWD) (Caliber or the "Company"), today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of total units
for gross proceeds of approximately $900,000, prior to deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses.

The
offering is comprised of 2,400,000 units, priced at a public offering price of $0.375 per unit, with each unit consisting ofone
share of Class A common stock and one right to acquire one-fifth (1/5th) of one share of Class A common stock.

Caliber
intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to repay debt and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

All
of the securities are to be sold by Caliber. The offering is expected to close on or about April 21, 2025, subject to satisfaction of
customary closing conditions.

Craft
Capital Management, LLC acted as the sole book-running manager and underwriter for the offering.

The securities
are being offered by Caliber pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was previously filed and declared effective by the
SEC, and Caliber has filed a preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to and describing the terms of the
offering with the SEC. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will also be filed with the
SEC. These documents can be accessed for free through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

When available,
copies of the final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to this offering may also be obtained from the offices
of Craft Capital Management LLC, 377 Oak Street, Lower Concourse, Garden City, NY 11530.

This
press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities
in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification
under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction.

About Caliber (CaliberCos Inc.)

With over $2.9 billion in Managed Assets, Calibers
16-year track record of managing and developing real estate is built on a singular goal: to make money in all market conditions, specializing
in hospitality, multi-family residential, and multi-tenant industrial. Our growth is fueled by performance and a key competitive advantage:
we invest in projects, strategies, and geographies that global real estate institutions often overlook. Integral to this advantage is
our in-house shared services group, which gives Caliber greater control over our real estate and enhanced visibility into future investment
opportunities..

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking
statements that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained
in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release may be identified by
the use of words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, could, estimate,
expect, intend, seek, may, might, plan, potential,
predict, project, target, aim, should, "will would,
or the negative of these words or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking
statements are based on the Companys current expectations and are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and assumptions that
are difficult to predict. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based on assumptions as to future events that may not prove
to be accurate. These and other risks and uncertainties are described more fully in t reports filed by the Company with the SEC. Forward-looking
statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date, and the Company undertakes no duty to update such information except
as required under applicable law.

CONTACTS:

Caliber:

Victoria Rotondo

+1 720-289-1875

Victoria.rotondo@caliberco.com

Investor Relations:

Lisa Fortuna

Financial Profiles

+1 310 622 8251

LFortuna@finprofiles.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cwd-20250417.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cwd-20250417_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cwd-20250417_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex4-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41703

Entity Registrant Name CALIBERCOS INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001627282

Entity Tax Identification Number 47-2426901

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 8901 E. Mountain View Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Ste. 150

Entity Address, City or Town Scottsdale

Entity Address, State or Province AZ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 85258

City Area Code 480

Local Phone Number 295-7600

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001

Trading Symbol CWD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://caliberco.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cwd-20250417.xsd 
cwd-20250417_lab.xml 
cwd-20250417_pre.xml 
tm2512544d2_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-035972-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>tm2512544d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001627282 

2025-04-17 
2025-04-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001627282 
8-K 
2025-04-17 
CALIBERCOS INC. 
DE 
001-41703 
47-2426901 
8901 E. Mountain View Rd. 
Ste. 150 
Scottsdale 
AZ 
85258 
480 
295-7600 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 
CWD 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>