<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001694028-25-000088.txt : 20250421
<SEC-HEADER>0001694028-25-000088.hdr.sgml : 20250421
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250421143326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001694028-25-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250421

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Liberty Energy Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001694028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		EIN:				814891595
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38081
		FILM NUMBER:		25852479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2400
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303) 515-2800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		950 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2400
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberty Oilfield Services Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170109
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>lbrt-20250415.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?lbrt-20250415

April 15, 2025FALSE0001694028December 3100016940282025-04-212025-04-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):April 15, 2025

Liberty Energy Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38081 81-4891595

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

950 17th Street, Suite 2400

Denver, Colorado80202

(Address and Zip Code of Principal Executive Offices)

(303) 515-2800

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 LBRT New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

The information contained in Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On April 15, 2025, at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting) of Liberty Energy Inc. (the Company), the Companys stockholders approved certain amendments to the Companys Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter and, as so amended as described herein and in the Proxy Statement (as defined below), the Amended and Restated Charter). The amendments approved are generally described under the description of Proposals 5, 6, 7, and 9 in Item 5.07 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and disclosed in the Companys definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2025 (the Proxy Statement). Effective April 15, 2025, the Company filed the Amended and Restated Charter with the Delaware Secretary of State.

Effective April 15, 2025, the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company approved the amendment and restatement of the Companys Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and, as so amended as described herein, the Amended and Restated Bylaws) to conform the Bylaws to the amendments approved by the Companys stockholders to the Charter.

The foregoing descriptions of the Amended and Restated Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws are qualified by reference to the full text of such documents, copies of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.3, respectively. Marked copies of the Amended and Restated Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws showing the amendments effective as of April 15, 2025 are filed herewith as Exhibits 3.2 and 3.4, respectively. 

Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

The voting results for each proposal considered at the Annual Meeting are set forth below. The proposals are described in more detail in the Proxy Statement.

Proposal 1: All three director nominees were elected as Class III directors of the Board to serve for a term of three years as follows:

Director Nominee For Withheld Broker Non-Votes

Peter A. Dea 117,026,860 24,686,942 7,384,434

William F. Kimble 117,348,770 24,365,032 7,384,434

James R. McDonald 128,296,259 13,417,543 7,384,434

Proposal 2: The advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Companys named executive officers was approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

139,465,988 2,110,215 137,599 7,384,434

Proposal 3: The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Companys independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2025 was approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

148,473,734 538,981 85,521 

Proposal 4: The advisory vote to determine the frequency of future advisory votes to approve the compensation of the Companys named executive officers was determined to be one year as follows:

1 Year 2 Years 3 Years Abstentions

131,619,766 314,104 9,637,771 142,161

A plurality of the votes cast by stockholders voted, on an advisory basis, to hold an advisory vote to approve executive compensation every year. In line with this recommendation by our stockholders, the Company has decided that it will include an advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation in its proxy materials every year until the next advisory vote on the frequency of stockholder votes on executive compensation, which will occur no later than our Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2031.

Proposal 5: An amendment to the Companys Charter to declassify the Board was approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

141,295,402 310,035 108,365 7,384,434

Proposal 6: An amendment to the Companys Charter to remove the 66 2/3% supermajority vote requirements to amend, alter, or repeal the Companys Charter and Bylaws and to remove directors from office was approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

141,404,704 194,912 114,186 7,384,434

Proposal 7: An amendment to the Companys Charter to limit the liability of certain officers was approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

127,795,126 13,790,039 128,637 7,384,434

Proposal 8: An amendment to the Companys Charter to delete the waiver of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law was not approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

37,002,776 104,350,130 360,896 7,384,434

Proposal 9: Miscellaneous amendments to clarify and update the Companys Charter were approved as follows:

For Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes

148,635,313 120,677 342,246 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Description

3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Liberty Energy Inc.

3.2 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Liberty Energy Inc., marked to show amendments effective April 15, 2025

3.3 

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Liberty Energy Inc.

3.4 

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Liberty Energy Inc., marked to show amendments effective April 15, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: April 21, 2025 LIBERTY ENERGY INC.

By: /s/ R. Sean Elliott

R. Sean Elliott

Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex31secondamendedandrestat.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
Document

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF

LIBERTY ENERGY INC.

Liberty Energy Inc. (the Corporation), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as set forth in Title 8 of the Delaware Code (the DGCL), hereby certifies as follows:

1. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, which was originally incorporated under the name of Liberty Oilfield Services Inc., was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 21, 2016 (the Certificate of Incorporation), amended and restated on January 17, 2018 (the First Amended and Restated Certificate), and further amended on April 19, 2022 (the Certificate of Amendment, and together with theFirst Amended and Restated Certificate, the Amended Certificate of Incorporation).

2. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), which amends and restates the Amended Certificate of Incorporation, has been declared advisable by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board), duly adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation and duly executed and acknowledged by the officers of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 103; 228; 242 and 245 of the DGCL.

3. The Amended Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

FIRST: The name of the Corporation is Liberty Energy Inc.

SECOND: The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 in New Castle County; Delaware. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL as it currently exists or may hereafter be amended.

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 800,010,000 shares of stock, classified as (i) 10,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (Preferred Stock), (ii) 400,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class A Common Stock), and (iii) 400,000,000 shares of Class B common stock; par value $0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock).

1. Provisions Relating to Preferred Stock.

a. Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more classes or series, the shares of each series to have such designations and powers, preferences and rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as are stated and expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the Board as hereafter prescribed (a Preferred Stock Designation).

b. Subject to any limitations prescribed by law and the rights of any series of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, if any, authority is hereby expressly granted to and vested in the Board to authorize the issuance of Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series, and with respect to each series of Preferred Stock, to fix and state by the resolution or resolutions from time to time adopted by the Board providing for the issuance thereof the designation and the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions relating to each series of Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to, the following:

i. whether or not the series is to have voting rights, full, special or limited, or is to be without voting rights, and whether or not such series is to be entitled to vote as a separate class either alone or together with the holders of one or more other classes or series of stock; 

ii. the number of shares to constitute the series and the designations thereof;

iii. the preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, with respect to any series;

iv. whether or not the shares of any series shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation or the holders thereof or upon the happening of any specified event, and, if redeemable, the redemption price or prices (which may be payable in the form of cash, notes, securities or other property), and the time or times at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such shares shall be redeemable and the manner of redemption;

v. whether or not the shares of a series shall be subject to the operation of retirement or sinking funds to be applied to the purchase or redemption of such shares for retirement, and, if such retirement or sinking fund or funds are to be established, the annual amount thereof, and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof;

vi. the dividend rate, whether dividends are payable in cash, stock of the Corporation or other property, the conditions upon which and the times when such dividends are payable, the preference to or the relation to the payment of dividends payable on any other class or classes or series of stock, whether or not such dividends shall be cumulative or noncumulative, and if cumulative, the date or dates from which such dividends shall accumulate; 

vii. the preferences, if any, and the amounts thereof which the holders of any series thereof shall be entitled to receive upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation;

viii. whether or not the shares of any series, at the option of the Corporation or the holder thereof or upon the happening of any specified event, shall be convertible into or exchangeable for, the shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock, securities or other property of the Corporation and the conversion price or prices or ratio or ratios or the rate or rates at which such exchange may be made, with such adjustments, if any, as shall be stated and expressed or provided for in such resolution or resolutions; and

ix. such other powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions with respect to any series as may to the Board seem advisable.

c. The shares of each series of Preferred Stock may vary from the shares of any other series thereof in any or all of the foregoing respects.

2. Provisions Relating to Common Stock. 

a. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each share of Common Stock shall have identical rights and privileges in every respect. Common Stock shall be subject to the express terms of Preferred Stock and any series thereof. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in a Preferred Stock Designation or by applicable law, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on all matters which to the stockholders are entitled to vote, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters upon which the stockholders are entitled to vote, and the holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders, other than as provided in the applicable Preferred Stock Designation. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders' meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation (as in effect at the time in question) and applicable law on all matters put to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise required in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters (or, if any holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Common Stock, the holders of Common Stock and the Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class).

b. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by applicable law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or 

together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or pursuant to the DGCL.

c. Subject to the prior rights and preferences, if any, applicable to shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock held by them such dividends and distributions (payable in cash, stock or otherwise), if any, as may be declared thereon by the Board at any time and from time to time out of any funds of the Corporation legally available therefor. Dividends and other distributions shall not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock unless (i) the dividend consists of shares of Class B Common Stock or of rights, options, warrants or other securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for shares of Class B Common Stock paid proportionally with respect to each outstanding share of Class B Common Stock and (ii) a dividend consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock or of rights, options, warrants or other securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock on equivalent terms is simultaneously paid to the holders of Class A Common Stock. If dividends are declared on the Class A Common Stock or the Class B Common Stock that are payable in shares of Common Stock, or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, the dividends payable to the holders of Class A Common Stock shall be paid only in shares of Class A Common Stock (or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock), the dividends payable to the holders of Class B Common Stock shall be paid only in shares of Class B Common Stock (or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Class B Common Stock), and such dividends shall be paid in the same number of shares (or fraction thereof) on a per share basis of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively (or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for the same number of shares (or fraction thereof) on a per share basis of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively). In no event shall the shares of either Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock be split, divided, or combined unless the outstanding shares of the other class shall be proportionately split, divided or combined.

d. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. The holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any assets of the Corporation in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. A dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation, as such terms are used in this paragraph (d), shall not be deemed to be occasioned by or to include any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into 

any other corporation or corporations or other entity or a sale, lease, exchange or conveyance of all or a part of the assets of the Corporation.

e. Reserved.

f. The number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto), and no vote of the holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor.

g. No stockholder shall, by reason of the holding of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, have any preemptive or preferential right to acquire or subscribe for any shares or securities of any class, whether now or hereafter authorized, which may at any time be issued, sold or offered for sale by the Corporation, unless specifically provided for in the terms of a series of Preferred Stock.

FIFTH: The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. The directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock specified in the related Preferred Stock Designation, shall be divided as follows:

1. Commencing with the election of directors at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, there shall be two classes of directors: (i) the directors in the class elected at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders and having a term that expires at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, and (ii) the directors in the class elected at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and having a term that expires at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. Directors elected at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders.

2. Commencing with the election of directors at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, there shall be one class of directors: those directors elected at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and having a term that expires at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders. Directors elected at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected for a one-year term expiring at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders.

3. From and after the election of directors at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors shall cease to be classified and the directors elected at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders (and each annual meeting of 

stockholders thereafter) shall be elected for a term expiring at the following annual meeting of stockholders.

Subject to applicable law and the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy on the Board that results from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of any director or from any other cause shall, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board, be filled solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by the stockholders. Any director elected to fill a newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors shall be elected for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and to hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office for the remaining term of his predecessor. No decrease in the number of authorized directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock, if any, to elect additional directors pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation thereunder), any director may be removed from office only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, acting at a meeting of the stockholders or by written consent (if permitted) in accordance with the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws of the Corporation. Any director, or their successor, serving in a class that was elected for a three-year term at the annual meetings of stockholders held from 2023 through 2025 may only be removed for cause. All other directors may be removed either with or without cause. Except as applicable law otherwise provides, cause for the removal of a director shall be deemed to exist only if the director whose removal is proposed: (1) has been convicted of a felony by a court of competent jurisdiction and that conviction is no longer subject to direct appeal; (2) has been found to have been guilty of willful misconduct in the performance of his duties to the Corporation in any matter of substantial importance to the Corporation by a court of competent jurisdiction; or (3) has been adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be mentally incompetent, which mental incompetency directly affects his ability to serve as a director of the Corporation.

Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, if any, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. Unless and except to the extent that the bylaws of the Corporation so provide, the election of directors need not be by written ballot.

SIXTH: Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to such series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be taken at a duly held annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by any consent in writing of such stockholders.

SEVENTH: Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. The authorized person(s) calling a special meeting may fix the date, time and place, if any, of such meeting. Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation do not have the power to call a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of the stockholders previously scheduled by the Board.

EIGHTH: In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation without any action on the part of the stockholders of the Corporation; provided that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, any bylaw adopted or amended by the Board, and any powers thereby conferred, may be amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority in voting power of the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. No bylaws hereafter made or adopted, nor any repeal of or amendment thereto, shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that was valid at the time it was taken.

NINTH: No director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, as applicable, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as it now exists. In addition to the circumstances in which a director or officer, as applicable, of the Corporation is not personally liable as set forth in the preceding sentence, a director or officer of the Corporation shall not be liable to the fullest extent permitted by any amendment to the DGCL hereafter enacted that further limits the liability of a director or officer. 

Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article Ninth shall be prospective only and shall not affect any limitation on liability of a director or officer for acts or omissions occurring prior to the date of such amendment, repeal or modification.

TENTH: Reserved. 

ELEVENTH: The Corporation shall be governed by and subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL as now in effect or hereafter amended, if and for so long as Section 203 or any successor statute thereto by its terms shall apply to the Corporation.

TWELFTH: The Corporation shall have the right, subject to any express provisions or restrictions contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws of the Corporation, from time to time, to amend this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision hereof in any manner now or hereafter provided by applicable law, and all rights and powers of any kind conferred upon a director or stockholder of the Corporation by this 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment hereof are subject to such right of the Corporation.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation (and in addition to any other vote that may be required by applicable law, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation), the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend, alter or repeal any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

THIRTEENTH: Reserved.

FOURTEENTH: Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Corporation's bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article Fourteenth.

If any provision or provisions of this Article Fourteenth shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legal and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article Fourteenth) including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article Fourteenth containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, if any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the first paragraph of this Article Fourteenth is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (A) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the first paragraph of this Article Fourteenth) an FSC Enforcement Action) and (B) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC 

Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder's counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as of April 15, 2025.

LIBERTY ENERGY INC.

By: 

Name: R. Sean Elliott

Title: Chief Legal Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit32-secondamendedand.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 3.2

SECONDAMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF

LIBERTY OILFIELD SERVICESENERGYINC.

Liberty Oilfield ServicesEnergyInc. (the "Corporation"), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as set forth in Title 8 of the Delaware Code (the "DGCL"), hereby certifies as follows:

1. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the "OriginalCertificate of Incorporation"), which was originally incorporated under the name of LibertyOilfield Services Inc.,was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 21, 2016. (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), amended on January 17, 2018 (the FirstAmended and Restated Certificate), and further amended on April 19, 2022 (the Certificateof Amendment, and together with the First Amended and Restated Certificate, the AmendedCertificate of Incorporation).

2. This SecondAmended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this "Amendedand Restated Certificate of Incorporation"), which amends and restates and amends the OriginalAmendedCertificate of Incorporation, has been declared advisable by the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board"), duly adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation and duly executed and acknowledged by the officers of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 103; 228; 242 and 245 of the DGCL.

3. The OriginalAmendedCertificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

FIRST: The name of the Corporation is Liberty Oilfield ServicesEnergyInc.

SECOND: The address of its registered office in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 in New Castle County; Delaware. The name of its registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD: The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL as it currently exists or may hereafter be amended.

FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 800,010,000 shares of stock, classified as (i) 10,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Preferred Stock"), (ii) 400,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Class A Common Stock"), and (iii) 400,000,000 shares of Class B common stock; par value $0.01 per share ("Class B Common Stock" and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the "Common Stock").

1. Provisions Relating to Preferred Stock.

a. Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more classes or series, the shares of each series to have such designations and powers, preferences and rights, and 

qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as are stated and expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the Board as hereafter prescribed (a "Preferred Stock Designation").

b. Subject to any limitations prescribed by law and the rights of any series of the Preferred Stock then outstanding, if any, authority is hereby expressly granted to and vested in the Board to authorize the issuance of Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more classes or series, and with respect to each series of Preferred Stock, to fix and state by the resolution or resolutions from time to time adopted by the Board providing for the issuance thereof the designation and the powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions relating to each series of Preferred Stock, including, but not limited to, the following:

i. whether or not the series is to have voting rights, full, special or limited, or is to be without voting rights, and whether or not such series is to be entitled to vote as a separate class either alone or together with the holders of one or more other classes or series of stock;

ii. the number of shares to constitute the series and the designations

thereof;

iii. the preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, with respect to any series;

iv. whether or not the shares of any series shall be redeemable at the option of the Corporation or the holders thereof or upon the happening of any specified event, and, if redeemable, the redemption price or prices (which may be payable in the form of cash, notes, securities or other property), and the time or times at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such shares shall be redeemable and the manner of redemption;

v. whether or not the shares of a series shall be subject to the operation of retirement or sinking funds to be applied to the purchase or redemption of such shares for retirement, and, if such retirement or sinking fund or funds are to be established, the annual amount thereof, and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof;

vi. the dividend rate, whether dividends are payable in cash, stock of the Corporation or other property, the conditions upon which and the times when such dividends are payable, the preference to or the relation to the payment of dividends payable on any other class or classes or series of stock, whether or not such dividends shall be cumulative or noncumulative, and if cumulative, the date or dates from which such dividends shall accumulate;

vii. the preferences, if any, and the amounts thereof which the holders of any series thereof shall be entitled to receive upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation;

viii. whether or not the shares of any series, at the option of the Corporation or the holder thereof or upon the happening of any specified event, shall be convertible into or exchangeable for, the shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock, securities or other property of the Corporation and the conversion price or prices or ratio or ratios or the rate or rates at which such exchange may be made, with such adjustments, if any, as shall be stated and expressed or provided for in such resolution or resolutions; and

ix. such other powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions with respect to any series as may to the Board seem advisable.

c. The shares of each series of Preferred Stock may vary from the shares of any other series thereof in any or all of the foregoing respects.

2. Provisions Relating to Common Stock.

a. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each share of Common Stock shall have identical rights and privileges in every respect. Common Stock shall be subject to the express terms of Preferred Stock and any series thereof. Except as may otherwise be provided in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in a Preferred Stock Designation or by applicable law, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on all matters which to the stockholders are entitled to vote, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters upon which the stockholders are entitled to vote, and the holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders, other than as provided in the applicable Preferred Stock Designation. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to notice of any stockholders' meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Corporation (as in effect at the time in question) and applicable law on all matters put to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise required in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the holders of Common Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters (or, if any holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Common Stock, the holders of Common Stock and the Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class).

b. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by applicable law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or pursuant to the DGCL.

c. Subject to the prior rights and preferences, if any, applicable to shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A 

Common Stock held by them such dividends and distributions (payable in cash, stock or otherwise), if any, as may be declared thereon by the Board at any time and from time to time out of any funds of the Corporation legally available therefor. Dividends and other distributions shall not be declared or paid on the Class B Common Stock unless (i) the dividend consists of shares of Class B Common Stock or of rights, options, warrants or other securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for shares of Class B Common Stock paid proportionally with respect to each outstanding share of Class B Common Stock and (ii) a dividend consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock or of rights, options, warrants or other securities convertible or exercisable into or exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock on equivalent terms is simultaneously paid to the holders of Class A Common Stock. If dividends are declared on the Class A Common Stock or the Class B Common Stock that are payable in shares of Common Stock, or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock, the dividends payable to the holders of Class A Common Stock shall be paid only in shares of Class A Common Stock (or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock), the dividends payable to the holders of Class B Common Stock shall be paid only in shares of Class B Common Stock (or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for Class B Common Stock), and such dividends shall be paid in the same number of shares (or fraction thereof) on a per share basis of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively (or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for the same number of shares (or fraction thereof) on a per share basis of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively). In no event shall the shares of either Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock be split, divided, or combined unless the outstanding shares of the other class shall be proportionately split, divided or combined.

d. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock or any series thereof, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. The holders of shares of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to receive any assets of the Corporation in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation. A dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the Corporation, as such terms are used in this paragraph (d), shall not be deemed to be occasioned by or to include any consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations or other entity or a sale, lease, exchange or conveyance of all or a part of the assets of the Corporation.

e. Reserved.Shares of Class B Common Stock shall be exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Liberty Oilfield Services New HoldCo LLC, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time (the "LLC Agreement"). The Corporation will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon exchange of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock for Class A Common Stock pursuant to the LLC Agreement, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock that shall be issuable upon any such exchange pursuant to the LLC Agreement; provided that nothing contained herein shall be construed to 

preclude the Corporation from satisfying its obligations in respect of any such exchange of shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to the LLC Agreement by delivering to the holder of shares of Class B Common Stock upon such exchange, cash in lieu of shares of Class A Common Stock in the amount permitted by and provided in the LLC Agreement or shares of Class A Common Stock which are held in the treasury of the Corporation. All shares of Class A Common Stock that shall be issued upon any such exchange will, upon issuance in accordance with the LLC Agreement, be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

f. The number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto), and no vote of the holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock voting separately as a class shall be required therefor.

g. No stockholder shall, by reason of the holding of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, have any preemptive or preferential right to acquire or subscribe for any shares or securities of any class, whether now or hereafter authorized, which may at any time be issued, sold or offered for sale by the Corporation, unless specifically provided for in the terms of a series of Preferred Stock.

FIFTH: The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. Until the first date on which R/C IV Liberty Oilfield Services Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("R/C Holdings"), R/C Energy IV Direct Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ("R/C Partnership" and, together with R/C Holdings, "Riverstone"), Laurel Road, LLC, a California limited liability company ("Laurel I"), Laurel Road II, LLC, a California limited liability company ("Laurel II" and, together with Laurel I, "Laurel"), Concentric Equity Partners II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, BRP Liberty, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, Bay Resource Partners, L.P. a Delaware limited partnership, Bay II Resource Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Thomas E. Claugus, GMT Exploration, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, SH Ventures LOS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with SH Ventures LOS, LLC, Concentric Equity Partners II, L.P.-Liberty Series, Bay Resource Partners, L.P., Bay II Resource Partners, L.P., Thomas E. Claugus, GMT Exploration, LLC, SH Ventures LOS, LLC, the "Spruce Holders") together with Riverstone, Laurel and each of their respective successors and affiliates who are assignees pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Stockholders Agreement (as defined below), the "Principal Stockholders") no longer individually or collectively beneficially own (or otherwise have the right to vote or direct the vote of) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the "Trigger Date"), the directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock specified in the related Preferred Stock Designation, shall consist of a single class, with the initial term of office to expire at the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, and each director shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. For purposes of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, beneficial ownership of shares shall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities 

Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. At each annual meeting of stockholders, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election, with each director to hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal.The directors, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock specified in the related Preferred Stock Designation, shall be divided as follows:

On and after the Trigger Date, the directors, other than those who may be elected by theholders of any series of Preferred Stock specified in the related Preferred Stock Designation, shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes, as nearly equal in number as is reasonably possible, with the initial term of office of the first class to expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders following the Trigger Date, the initial term of office of the second class to expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Trigger Date, and the initial term of office of the third class to expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders following the Trigger Date, with each director to hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal, and the Board shall be authorized to assign members of the Board, other than those directors who may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, to such classes at the time such classification becomes effective. At each annual meeting of stockholders following the Trigger Date, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election, with each director to hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal.

1. Commencing with the election of directors at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders,there shall be two classes of directors: (i) the directors in the class elected at the 2024annual meeting of stockholders and having a term that expires at the 2027 annualmeeting of stockholders, and (ii) the directors in the class elected at the 2025 annualmeeting of stockholders and having a term that expires at the 2028 annual meeting ofstockholders. Directors elected at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders shall beelected for a one-year term expiring at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders.

2. Commencing with the election of directors at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders,there shall be one class of directors: those directors elected at the 2025 annual meetingof stockholders and having a term that expires at the 2028 annual meeting ofstockholders. Directors elected at the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders shall beelected for a one-year term expiring at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders.

3. From and after the election of directors at the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders, theBoard of Directors shall cease to be classified and the directors elected at the 2028annual meeting of stockholders (and each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter)shall be elected for a term expiring at the following annual meeting of stockholders.

Subject to applicable law and the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding and the then-applicable terms of the Stockholders Agreement, among the Corporation and the Principal Stockholders, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented and 

otherwise modified from time to time (the "Stockholders Agreement"),, any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy on the Board that results from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of any director or from any other cause shall, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board, be filled (A) prior to the Trigger Date, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, or the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, voting together as a single class and acting at a meeting of the stockholders or by written consent (if permitted) in accordance with the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws of the Corporation, and (B) on or after the Trigger Date, solely by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by the stockholders. Any director elected to fill a newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors shall be elected for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and to hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director's earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office for the remaining term of his predecessor. No decrease in the number of authorized directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.

Until the Trigger Date, subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock, if any, to elect additional directors pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation thereunder) and the then- applicable terms of the Stockholders Agreement, any director may be removed at any time, either for or without cause, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, voting together as a single class and acting at a meeting of the stockholders or by written consent (if permitted) in accordance with the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws of the Corporation.

On and after the Trigger Date, subjectSubjectto the rights of the holders of shares of any series of Preferred Stock, if any, to elect additional directors pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation thereunder) and the then-applicable terms of the Stockholders Agreement, any director may be removed from office only for cause,upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3%a majorityof the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, acting at a meeting of the stockholders or by written consent (if permitted) in accordance with the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the bylaws of the Corporation. Any director, or their successor, serving in a class that was elected for a three-year term at the annual meetings of stockholders held from 2023 through 2025 may only be removed for cause. All other directors may be removed either with or without cause. Except as applicable law otherwise provides, cause for the removal of a director shall be deemed to exist only if the director whose removal is proposed: (I1) has been convicted of a felony by a court of competent jurisdiction and that conviction is no longer subject to direct appeal; (2) has been found to have been guilty of willful misconduct in the performance of his duties to the Corporation in any matter of substantial importance to the Corporation by a court of competent jurisdiction; or (3) has been adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be mentally incompetent, which mental incompetency directly affects his ability to serve as a director of the Corporation.

Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, if any, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. Unless and except to the extent that the bylaws of the Corporation so provide, the election of directors need not be by written ballot.

SIXTH: Prior to the Trigger Date, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual meeting or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote of stockholders, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is or are signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. On and after the Trigger Date, subjectSubjectto the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to such series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be taken at a duly held annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by any consent in writing of such stockholders.

SEVENTH: Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies; provided, however, that prior to the Trigger Date, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation shall also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation at the request of Riverstone.. The authorized person(s) calling a special meeting may fix the date, time and place, if any, of such meeting. On and after the Trigger Date, exceptExceptas otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation do not have the power to call a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of the stockholders previously scheduled by the Board.

EIGHTH: In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation without any action on the part of the stockholders of the Corporation; provided that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, any bylaw adopted or amended by the Board, and any powers thereby conferred, may be amended, altered or repealed (A) prior to the Trigger Date, by the affirmative vote of holders of not less than 50% in voting power of the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, and (B) on and after the Trigger Date, by the affirmative vote of holders of not less than 66 2/3%a majorityin voting power of the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. No bylaws hereafter made or adopted, nor any repeal of or amendment thereto, shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that was valid at the time it was taken.

NINTH: No director or officer of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, asapplicable, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as it now exists. In addition to the circumstances in which a director or officer,as applicable, of the Corporation is not personally liable as set forth in the preceding sentence, a director or officerof the Corporation shall not be liable to the fullest extent permitted 

by any amendment to the DGCL hereafter enacted that further limits the liability of a director or officer.

Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article Ninth shall be prospective only and shall not affect any limitation on liability of a director or officer for acts or omissions occurring prior to the date of such amendment, repeal or modification.

TENTH: Reserved. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, renounces any interest or expectancy of the Corporation and its subsidiaries in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunities that are from time to time presented to any of the Principal Stockholders or any of their respective affiliates or any of their respective agents, shareholders, members, partners, directors, officers, employees, affiliates or subsidiaries (other than the Corporation and its subsidiaries), including any director or officer of the Corporation who is also an agent, shareholder, member, partner, director, officer, employee, affiliate or subsidiary of any Principal Stockholder (each, a "Business Opportunities Exempt Party"), even if the business opportunity is one that the Corporation or its subsidiaries might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if granted the opportunity to do so, and no Business Opportunities Exempt Party shall have any duty to communicate or offer any such business opportunity to the Corporation or be liable to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or any stockholder, including for breach of any fiduciary or other duty, as a director or officer or controlling stockholder or otherwise, and the Corporation shall indemnify each Business Opportunities Exempt Party against any claim that such person is liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty, by reason of the fact that such person (i) participates in, pursues or acquires any such business opportunity, (ii) directs any such business opportunity to another person or (iii) fails to present any such business opportunity, or information regarding any such business opportunity, to the Corporation or its subsidiaries, unless, in the case of a person who is a director or officer of the Corporation, such business opportunity is expressly offered to such director or officer in writing solely in his capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation.

Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article Tenth, nor the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, any modification of law, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any right or protection of any person granted pursuant hereto existing at, or arising out of or related to any event, act or omission that occurred prior to, the time of such amendment, repeal, adoption or modification (regardless of when any proceeding (or part thereof) relating to such event, act or omission arises or is first threatened, commenced or completed).

If any provision or provisions of this Article Tenth shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever, (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article Tenth (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article Tenth containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article Tenth (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Article Tenth containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in 

respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

This Article Tenth shall not limit any protections or defenses available to, or indemnification or advancement rights of, any director or officer of the Corporation under this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the bylaws of the Corporation or applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any securities of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article Tenth.

ELEVENTH: The Corporation shall not be governed by or subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL as now in effect or hereafter amended, or any successor statute thereto.

TWELFTH: The Corporation shall have the right, subject to any express provisions or restrictions contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws of the Corporation, from time to time, to amend this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision hereof in any manner now or hereafter provided by applicable law, and all rights and powers of any kind conferred upon a director or stockholder of the Corporation by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment hereof are subject to such right of the Corporation.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation (and in addition to any other vote that may be required by applicable law or, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), prior to orthe Trigger Date,bylaws of the Corporation),the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in

voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend, alter or repeal any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

THIRTEENTH: Reserved. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation (and in addition to any other vote that may be required by applicable law, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation), on and after the Trigger Date, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 21-l% in voting power of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend, alter or repeal any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

FOURTEENTH: Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Corporation's bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable 

parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article Fourteenth.

If any provision or provisions of this Article Fourteenth shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legal and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article Fourteenth) including, without limitation, each portion of any sentence of this Article Fourteenth containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, if any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the first paragraph of this Article Fourteenth is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a "Foreign Action") in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (A) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the first paragraph of this Article Fourteenth) an "FSC EnforcementAction") and (B) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder's counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as of this 17th day of January, 2018April 15, 2025.

LIBERTY ENERGY INC.

By: 

Name: Michael StockR. Sean ElliottTitle: Chief FinancialLegalOfficer

[Signature Page to SecondAmended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex33thirdamendedandrestate.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.3
<TEXT>
Document

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF

LIBERTY ENERGY INC.

Incorporated under the Laws of the State of Delaware 

(Includes amendments through April 15, 2025)

ARTICLE I OFFICES AND RECORDS

Section 1.1 Registered Office. The registered office of Liberty Energy Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. The registered office and registered agent of the Corporation may be changed from time to time by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board) in the manner provided by applicable law.

Section 1.2 Other Offices. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may designate or as the business of the Corporation may from time to time require.

Section 1.3 Books and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Board.

ARTICLE II STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1 Annual Meeting. If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at such date, time and place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, and time as may be fixed by resolution of the Board. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. The Board may, at any time prior to the holding of an annual meeting of stockholders, and for any reason, postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board.

Section 2.2 Special Meeting. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. The authorized person(s) calling a special meeting may fix the date, time and place, if any, of such meeting. Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation do not have the power to call a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may, at any time prior to the holding of a special meeting of stockholders, and for any reason, postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of the stockholders previously scheduled by the Board.

1

Section 2.3 Record Date.

(A) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment or recess thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment or recess of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned or recessed meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned or recessed meeting the same date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned or recessed meeting.

(B) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto.

(C) Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. If no record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting is fixed by the Board, (i) when no prior action of the Board is required by applicable law, the record date for such purpose shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) if prior action by the Board is required by applicable law, the record date for such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 2.4 Stockholder List. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of 

2

the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the 10th day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of such stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either on a reasonably accessible electronic network (provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting) or during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled by this section to examine the list required by this section or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.

Section 2.5 Place of Meeting. The Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, may designate the place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special meeting of the stockholders. If no designation is so made, the place of meeting shall be the principal executive offices of the Corporation. The Board, acting in its sole discretion, may establish guidelines and procedures in accordance with applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and any other applicable law for the participation by stockholders and proxyholders in a meeting of stockholders by means of remote communications, and may determine that any meeting of stockholders will not be held at any place but will be held solely by means of remote communication. Stockholders and proxyholders complying with such procedures and guidelines and otherwise entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be deemed present in person and entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication.

Section 2.6 Notice of Meeting. Written or printed notice, stating the place, if any, day and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, in a manner pursuant to Section 7.7 hereof, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify (i) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), (ii) the place, if any, date and time of such meeting, (iii) the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, (iv) in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called and (v) such other information as may be required by applicable law or as may be deemed appropriate by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. If the stockholder list referred to in Section 2.4 of these Bylaws is made accessible on an electronic network, the notice of meeting must indicate how the stockholder list can be accessed. If the meeting of stockholders is to be held solely by means of electronic communications, the notice of meeting must provide the information required to access such stockholder list during the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. The Corporation may provide stockholders with notice of a meeting by electronic transmission provided such stockholders have consented to receiving electronic notice in accordance with the DGCL. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by 

3

applicable law. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the notice of meeting. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled to vote are present, or if notice is waived by those not present in accordance with Section 7.4 of these Bylaws.

Section 2.7 Quorum and Adjournment of Meetings.

(A) Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting (the Voting Stock), represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class, the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such business. For the avoidance of doubt, abstentions and broker non-votes shall be treated as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. The presiding person at the meeting or a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn or recess the meeting at any time and for any reason, whether or not there is such a quorum. The stockholders present at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until the meeting is adjourned or recessed, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

(B) Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn or recess from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned or recessed meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment or recess is taken; provided, however, that if the adjournment or recess is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned or recessed meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned or recessed meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 2.8 Proxies. At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such other manner prescribed by the DGCL) by the stockholder or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Any copy, facsimile transmission or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to this section may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile transmission or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. No proxy may be voted or acted upon after the expiration of three (3) years from the date of such proxy, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Every proxy is revocable at the pleasure of the stockholder executing it unless the proxy states that it is irrevocable and applicable law makes it irrevocable. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by filing another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of the Corporation.

Section 2.9 Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations.

(A) Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

(1) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders at an annual meeting of 

4

stockholders may be made only (a) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (b) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (i) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) complies with the notice procedures and other requirements set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. Section 2.9(A)(1)(c) of these Bylaws shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and included in the Corporations notice of meeting) before an annual meeting of the stockholders.

(2) For any nominations or any other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to Section 2.9(A)(1)(c) of these Bylaws, (x) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (y) such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL and (z) the record stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, must have acted in accordance with the representations set forth in the Solicitation Statement required by these Bylaws. To be timely, a stockholders notice must be received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that subject to the following sentence, in the event that the date of the annual meeting is scheduled for a date that is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment, recess or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

To be in proper form, a stockholders notice (whether given pursuant to this Section 2.9(A)(2) or Section 2.9(B)) to the Secretary of the Corporation must:

(a) set forth, as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations books, and of such stockholders Stockholder Associated Person (as defined in Section 2.9(C)(2)), if any, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated Person, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of stock of the Corporation or otherwise (a Derivative Instrument), directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such 

5

stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation held by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person, a complete and accurate description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding between or among such stockholder and such stockholders Stockholder Associated Person and any other person or persons in connection with such stockholders director nomination and the name and address of any other person(s) or entity or entities known to the stockholder to support such nomination, a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation, any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (for purposes of these Bylaws, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (F) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (G) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (H) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of such stockholders or any Stockholder Associated Persons immediate family sharing the same household, (iii) any other information relating to such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal or for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (iv) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to bring such nomination or other business before the meeting, and (v) a representation as to whether or not such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends (A) to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the voting power of the Corporations outstanding stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, at least the percentage of the voting power of the Corporations outstanding stock reasonably believed by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as the case may be, to be sufficient to elect such nominee or nominees, (B) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such nomination and/or (C) to solicit proxies in support 

6

of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (such representation, a Solicitation Statement);

(b) if the notice relates to any business other than a nomination of a director or directors that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, set forth (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest of such stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person, if any, in such business, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment) and (iii) a complete and accurate description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between or among such stockholder and such stockholders Stockholder Associated Person, if any, and the name and address of any other person(s) or entity or entities in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder;

(c) set forth, as to each person, if any, whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board (i) all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (ii) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person, if any, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, and (iii) a representation that such person intends to serve a full term, if elected as director; and

(d) with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to the Board, include (i) a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement in a form provided by the Corporation, which form the stockholder must request from the Secretary of the Corporation in writing with no less than 7 days advance notice, and (ii) a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request) that such person

7

(A) is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a VotingCommitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein, and (C) in such persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation. The Corporation may require any stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person proposed nominee to deliver to the secretary of the Corporation, within 5 business days of any such request, such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Corporation, including, without limitation, such other information as may reasonably be requested to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; and

(3) A stockholder providing notice of a nomination or proposal of other business to be brought before a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, from time to time to the extent necessary so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct (a) as of the record date for the meeting and (b) as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, cancellation, rescheduling or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date) and not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date for the meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof, if practicable (or, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to any adjournment, recess or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess or postponement thereof)).

(4) A stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies for other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors.

(B) Special Meetings of Stockholders.

Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to a notice of meeting (1) by or at the 

8

direction of the Board or any committee thereof, or (2) if the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (a) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and at the time of the special meeting, (b) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (c) complies with the notice procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. In the event a special meeting of stockholders is called pursuant to Article Seventh of the Certificate of Incorporation or Section 2.2 of these Bylaws for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any stockholder of record among such requesting stockholders may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if such stockholder delivers notice with the information required by Section 2.9(A)(2)(a) and Section2.9(A)(2)(c) (with the updates required by Section 2.9(A)(3)) of these Bylaws with respect to any nomination (including the completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 2.9(A)(2)(d) of these Bylaws). Such notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall any adjournment, recess or postponement or the announcement thereof of a special meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

(C) General.

(1) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law shall be eligible to serve as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as has been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the presiding person at the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws and applicable law, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded.

(2) For purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by Dow Jones News Service, the Associated Press, or any other national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and StockholderAssociated Person shall mean, for any stockholder, (i) such stockholder; (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different from such stockholder, on whose behalf the notice of the business or nomination proposed to be brought before the meeting is made;

(iii) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder (or, if different from such stockholder, the beneficial owner or beneficial owners on whose behalf such notice is made); (iv) any member of the immediate family or any individual described in the foregoing clause (i) or (ii) sharing the same household; (v) any affiliate or associate of any person described in the forgoing 

9

clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv); (vi) any person who is a member of a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) with such stockholder or any other proposing person with respect to the stock of the Corporation, including any proposed nominee; (vii) any person with whom any person described in the foregoing clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) is knowingly acting in concert with respect to the stock of the Corporation; and (viii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with any person described in the foregoing clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) with respect to any proposed business or nomination.

(3) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf a nomination is made (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (ii) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder or such beneficial owner has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). Upon request by the Corporation, if any stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder or such beneficial owner shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than 5 business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Bylaws, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in these Bylaws; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Section 2.9(A) or Section 2.9(B) of these Bylaws. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights (a) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (b) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors if and to the extent provided for under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

(5) Unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) making a nomination or proposal under this Section 2.9 does not appear at a meeting of stockholders to present such nomination or proposal, the nomination shall be disregarded and the proposed business shall not be transacted, as the case may be, notwithstanding that proxies in favor thereof may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.9, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic 

10

transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.10 Conduct of Business. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The Chairman of the Board, if one shall have been elected, or in the Chairman of the Boards absence or if one shall not have been elected, the director or officer designated by the majority of the Board, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and for any or no reason to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the presiding person at the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the presiding person at the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; and (vi) restrictions on the use of audio or visual recording devices at the meeting. The presiding person at a meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding at the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section 2.11 Required Vote. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, at any meeting at which directors are to be elected, so long as a quorum is present, the directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, cumulative voting for the election of directors shall be prohibited. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the rules and regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors and certain non-binding advisory votes described below, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of the stockholders. In non-binding advisory matters with more than two possible vote choices, the affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the recommendation of the stockholders.

11

Section 2.12 Treasury Stock. The Corporation shall not vote, directly or indirectly, shares of its own stock owned by it or any other corporation, if a majority of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such corporation is held, directly or indirectly by the Corporation, and such shares will not be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or such other corporation, to vote stock of the Corporation held in a fiduciary capacity.

Section 2.13 Inspectors of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls. At any meeting at which a vote is taken by ballots, the Board by resolution may, and when required by applicable law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors, which inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives, to act at the meetings of stockholders and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act or is able to act at a meeting of stockholders and the appointment of an inspector is required by applicable law, the presiding person at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his duties, shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by applicable law. 

Section 2.14 Stockholder Action by Written Consent.

Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to such series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be taken at a duly held annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by any consent in writing of such stockholders.

ARTICLE III BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.1 General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board elected in accordance with these Bylaws. In addition to the powers and authorities by these Bylaws expressly conferred upon them, the Board may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. The directors shall act only as a Board or a committee thereof, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.

Section 3.2 Number, Tenure and Qualifications. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board; provided that the initial number of directors shall be nine. The election and term of director shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 3.3 Regular Meetings. Subject to Section 3.5, regular meetings of the Board shall be held on such dates, and at such times and places, as are determined from time to time by resolution of the Board.

12

Section 3.4 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board shall be called at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the Board then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix the place, if any, date and time of the meetings. Any business may be conducted at a special meeting of the Board.

Section 3.5 Notice. Notice of any meeting of directors shall be given to each director at his business or residence in writing by hand delivery, first-class or overnight mail, courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission or orally by telephone. If mailed by first-class mail, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when deposited in the United States mails so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid, at least five (5) days before such meeting. If by overnight mail or courier service, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is delivered to the overnight mail or courier service company at least 24 hours before such meeting. If by facsimile or electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is transmitted at least 24 hours before such meeting. If by telephone or by hand delivery, the notice shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the meeting and shall be confirmed by facsimile or electronic transmission that is sent promptly thereafter. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice of such meeting, except for amendments to these Bylaws, as provided under Section 8.1. A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Section 7.4 of these Bylaws.

Section 3.6 Action by Consent of Board. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, including by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting, and may be stated as such in any document or instrument filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

Section 3.7 Conference Telephone Meetings. Members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting, except where such person participates in the meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 3.8 Quorum. Subject to Section 3.9, a whole number of directors equal to at least a majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if at any meeting of the Board there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice unless (i) the date, time and place, if any, of the adjourned meeting are not announced at the time of adjournment, in which case notice conforming to the requirements of Section 3.5 of these Bylaws shall be given to each director, or (ii) the meeting is adjourned for more than 24 hours, in which case the notice referred to in clause (i) shall be given to those directors not present at the announcement of the 

13

date, time and place of the adjourned meeting. The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. The directors present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough directors to leave less than a quorum.

Section 3.9 Vacancies. Subject to applicable law and the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy on the Board that results from the death, disability, resignation, disqualification or removal of any director or from any other cause shall be filled in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 3.10 Removal. Directors of the Corporation may be removed in the manner provided in the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law.

Section 3.11 Records. The Board shall cause to be kept a record containing the minutes of the proceedings of the meetings of the Board and of the stockholders, appropriate stock books and registers and such books of records and accounts as may be necessary for the proper conduct of the business of the Corporation.

Section 3.12 Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board shall have authority to fix the compensation of directors, including fees and reimbursement of expenses. The Corporation will cause each non-employee director serving on the Board to be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by him in connection with such service.

Section 3.13 Regulations; Director Agreement. To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, the Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of the Board and for the management of the affairs and business of the Corporation as the Board may deem appropriate. Each director shall be required to execute and deliver a director agreement in a form approved by the Board.

ARTICLE IV COMMITTEES

Section 4.1 Designation; Powers. The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.

Section 4.2 Procedure; Meetings; Quorum. Any committee designated pursuant to Section 4.1 shall choose its own chairman by a majority vote of the members then in attendance at a meeting of the committee so long as a quorum is present in the event the chairman has not been selected by the Board, shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings, and shall meet at such times and at such place or places as may be provided by the charter of such committee or by resolution of such committee or resolution of the Board. At every meeting of any such 

14

committee, the presence of a majority of all the members thereof shall constitute a quorum and the affirmative vote of a majority of the members present at a meeting where a quorum is present shall be necessary for the adoption by it of any resolution. The Board shall adopt a charter for each committee for which a charter is required by applicable laws, regulations or stock exchange rules, may adopt a charter for any other committee, and may adopt other rules and regulations for the governance of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws or any such charter, and each committee may adopt its own rules and regulations of governance, to the extent not inconsistent with these Bylaws or any charter or other rules and regulations adopted by the Board.

Section 4.3 Substitution of Members. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member.

ARTICLE V OFFICERS

Section 5.1 Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers as the Board from time to time may deem proper. The Chairman of the Board shall be chosen from among the directors. All officers elected by the Board shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article V. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board or by any committee thereof. The Board or any committee thereof may from time to time elect, or the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may appoint, such other officers (including one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers) and such agents, as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Such other officers and agents shall have such duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be provided in these Bylaws or as may be prescribed by the Board or such committee thereof or by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be.

Section 5.2 Election and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected or appointed from time to time by the Board. Each officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected or appointed and shall have qualified or until his death or until he shall resign, but any officer may be removed from office at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board or, except in the case of an officer or agent elected by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights, if any, of the person so removed. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.

15

Section 5.3 Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall be responsible for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incidental to his office that may be required by law and all such other duties as are properly required of him by the Board. The Chairman of the Board may also serve as Chief Executive Officer, if so elected by the Board.

Section 5.4 Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall act in a general executive capacity and shall assist the Chairman of the Board in the administration and operation of the Corporations business and general supervision of its policies and affairs. If the Chief Executive Officer is also a director, the Chief Executive Officer shall, in the absence of or because of the inability to act of the Chairman of the Board, perform all duties of the Chairman of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the authority to sign, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, checks, orders, contracts, leases, notes, drafts and all other documents and instruments in connection with the business of the Corporation.

Section 5.5 President. The President, if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, the President (if any and if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings of the Board.

Section 5.6 Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents. Each Senior Vice President and Vice President, if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board.

Section 5.7 Treasurer. The Treasurer shall exercise general supervision over the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. The Treasurer shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be deposited in such banks as may be authorized by the Board, or in such banks as may be designated as depositaries in the manner provided by resolution of the Board. He shall have such further powers and duties and shall be subject to such directions as may be granted or imposed upon him from time to time by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.8 Secretary. The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in one or more books provided for that purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the Board, the committees of the Board and the stockholders; he shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and as required by applicable law; he shall be custodian of the records and the seal of the Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all stock certificates of the Corporation (unless the seal of the Corporation on such certificates shall be a facsimile, as hereinafter provided) and affix and attest the seal to all other documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation under its seal; and he shall see that the books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed; and in general, he shall perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.9 Vacancies. A newly created elected office and a vacancy in any elected office because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the Board for the unexpired 

16

portion of the term at any meeting of the Board. Any vacancy in an office appointed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.10 Action with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations. Unless otherwise directed by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer shall have power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of security holders of or with respect to any action of security holders of any other corporation in which the Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers that the Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation.

ARTICLE VI

STOCK CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFERS

Section 6.1 Stock Certificates and Transfers. The interest of each stockholder of the Corporation evidenced by certificates for shares of stock shall be in such form as the appropriate officers of the Corporation may from time to time prescribe, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock may be uncertificated shares. The shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be entered in the books of the Corporation as they are issued and shall exhibit the holders name and number of shares. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation, which may be maintained by a third-party registrar or transfer agent, by the holder thereof in person or by his attorney, upon surrender for cancellation of certificates for at least the same number of shares, with an assignment and power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its agents may reasonably require or upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of uncertificated shares and upon compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form, at which time the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto (if the stock is then represented by certificates), cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books.

Any share of stock that is certificated shall be signed, countersigned and registered in such manner as the Board may by resolution prescribe, which resolution may permit all or any of the signatures on such certificates to be in facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 6.2 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. No certificate for shares or uncertificated shares of stock in the Corporation shall be issued in place of any certificate alleged to have been lost, destroyed or stolen, except on production of such evidence of such loss, destruction or theft and on delivery to the Corporation of a bond of indemnity in such amount, upon such terms and secured by such surety, as the Board or any financial officer may in its or his discretion require.

17

Section 6.3 Ownership of Shares. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock of the Corporation as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware.

Section 6.4 Regulations Regarding Certificates. The Board shall have the power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as they may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration or the replacement of certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation. The Corporation may enter into additional agreements with stockholders to restrict the transfer of stock of the Corporation in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL.

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 7.1 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January and end on the thirty-first day of December of each year.

Section 7.2 Dividends. Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares of stock, which dividends may be paid in either cash, property or shares of stock of the Corporation. A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board, shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the director reasonably believes are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation, as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities or net profits of the Corporation, or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of surplus or other funds from which dividends might properly be declared and paid.

Section 7.3 Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the words Corporate Seal, the year of incorporation and around the margin thereof the words Liberty Energy Inc. - Delaware.

Section 7.4 Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or director of the Corporation under the provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, including by electronic transmission, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of the stockholders or the Board or committee thereof need be specified in any waiver of notice of such meeting. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 7.5 Resignations. Any director or any officer, whether elected or appointed, may resign at any time by giving written notice, including by electronic transmission, of such 

18

resignation to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary, and such resignation shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the date said notice is received by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary, or at such later time as is specified therein. No formal action shall be required of the Board or the stockholders to make any such resignation effective.

Section 7.6 Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses.

(A) The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding) by reason of the fact that he, or a person for whom he is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (a Covered Person), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all expenses, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Covered Person in connection with such proceeding.

(B) The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter, a final adjudication) that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 7.6 or otherwise.

(C) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses under this Section 7.6 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to a Covered Person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.6, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to a Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Covered Person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board.

(D) If a claim for indemnification under this Section 7.6 (following the final disposition of such proceeding) is not paid in full within sixty (60) days after the Corporation has received a claim therefor by the Covered Person, or if a claim for any advancement of expenses under this Section 7.6 is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after the Corporation has received a statement or statements requesting such amounts to be advanced, the Covered Person shall thereupon (but not before) be entitled to file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim. If 

19

successful in whole or in part, the Covered Person shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, or claim brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses prior to the terms of an undertaking. In any such action, the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law. In (1) any suit brought by a Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by a Covered Person to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (2) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Covered Person has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Covered Person is proper in the circumstances because the Covered Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the Covered Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Covered Person has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Covered Person, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 7.6 or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

(E) The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Section 7.6 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that such Covered Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, any agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

(F) This Section 7.6 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action.

(G) Any Covered Person entitled to indemnification and/or advancement of expenses, in each case pursuant to this Section 7.6, may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement and/or insurance provided by one or more persons with whom or which such Covered Person may be associated. The Corporation hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Corporation shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any proceeding, expense, liability or matter that is the subject of this Section 7.6, (ii) the Corporation shall be primarily liable for all such obligations and any indemnification afforded to a Covered Person in respect of a proceeding, expense, liability or matter that is the subject of this Section 7.6, whether created by law, organizational or constituent documents, contract or otherwise, (iii) any obligation of any persons with whom or which a Covered Person may be associated to indemnify such Covered Person and/or advance expenses or liabilities to such Covered Person in respect of any proceeding shall be secondary to the obligations of the Corporation hereunder, (iv) the Corporation shall be required to indemnify each Covered Person and advance expenses to each Covered Person hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any rights such Covered Person may have against any other person with whom or which such Covered Person 

20

may be associated or insurer of any such person, and (v) the Corporation irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other person with whom or which a Covered Person may be associated from any claim of contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Corporation hereunder.

(H) The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any person who is or was serving as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

Section 7.7 Notices. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein or required by applicable law, all notices required to be given to any stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery to the recipient thereof, by depositing such notice in the mails, postage paid, or by sending such notice by commercial courier service, or by facsimile or other electronic transmission, provided that notice to stockholders by electronic transmission shall be given in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL. Any such notice shall be addressed to such stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent at his last known address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively, notice to any stockholder shall be deemed given: (1) if by facsimile, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (3) if by posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder; and (5) if by mail, when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.

Section 7.8 Facsimile and Electronic Signatures. In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile or electronic signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile or electronic signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board or a committee thereof or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 7.9 Time Periods. Except as otherwise explicitly set forth in these Bylaws, in applying any provision of these Bylaws that require that an act be done or not done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.

Section 7.10 Reliance Upon Books, Reports and Records. Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporations officers or employees, or committees designated by the Board, or by any other person as to the matters the member reasonably believes are within such other persons 

21

professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.

Section 7.11 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of these Bylaws will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or portion of any provision of these Bylaws is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such provision or portion of any provision shall be severable and the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and these Bylaws will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein.

Section 7.12 Venue for Securities Act Matters. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision.

ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENTS

Section 8.1 Amendments. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws may be amended, altered or repealed by resolution adopted by a majority of the directors present at any special or regular meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present if, in the case of such special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is contained in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. Stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws may be adopted, altered, amended or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority in voting power of the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class if, in the case of such special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is contained in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. No Bylaws hereafter made or adopted, nor any repeal of or amendment thereto, shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that was valid at the time it was taken. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment, alteration or repeal of Section 7.6 shall adversely affect any right or protection existing under these Bylaws immediately prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal, including any right or protection of a present or former director, officer or employee thereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment.

22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit34-thirdamendedandr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.4
<TEXT>
Document

EXHIBIT 3.4

SECONDTHIRDAMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF LIBERTY ENERGY INC.

Incorporated under the Laws of the State of Delaware (Includes amendments through January 24, 2023)April 15, 2025)

ARTICLE I OFFICES AND RECORDS

Section 1.1 Registered Office. The registered office of Liberty Energy Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the SecondAmended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation), and the name of the Corporations registered agent at such address is as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. The registered office and registered agent of the Corporation may be changed from time to time by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board) in the manner provided by applicable law.

Section 1.2 Other Offices. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may designate or as the business of the Corporation may from time to time require.

Section 1.3 Books and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Board.

ARTICLE II STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1 Annual Meeting. If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held at such date, time and place, if any, either within or without the State of Delaware, and time as may be fixed by resolution of the Board. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. The Board may, at any time prior to the holding of an annual meeting of stockholders, and for any reason, postpone, reschedule or cancel any annual meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board.

Section 2.2 Special Meeting. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies; provided, however, that prior to the first date on which the Principal Stockholders (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) no longer individually or collectively beneficially own (or otherwise have the right to vote or direct the vote of) more than 50% of the outstanding aggregate shares of the Class A Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock), par value $0.01, and Class B Common Stock (the Class B Common Stock and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock), par value $0.01, of the 

Corporation (the TriggerDate), special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation shall also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation at the request of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of these Bylaws, beneficial ownership of sharesshall be determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities ExchangeAct of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the rules and regulations thereunder.. The authorized person(s) calling a special meeting may fix the date, time and place, if any, of such meeting. On and after the Trigger Date,Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the stockholders of the Corporation do not have the power to call a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation. The Board may, at any time prior to the holding of a special meeting of stockholders, and for any reason, postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of the stockholders previously scheduled by the Board.

Section 2.3 Record Date.

(A) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment or recess thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by applicable law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment or recess of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned or recessed meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned or recessed meeting the same date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned or recessed meeting.

(B) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto.

(C) Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, in order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. If no record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to 

corporate action in writing without a meeting is fixed by the Board, (i) when no prior action of the Board is required by applicable law, the record date for such purpose shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) if prior action by the Board is required by applicable law, the record date for such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 2.4 Stockholder List. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the 10th day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of such stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either on a reasonably accessible electronic network (provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting) or during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled by this section to examine the list required by this section or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.

Section 2.5 Place of Meeting. The Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, may designate the place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special meeting of the stockholders. If no designation is so made, the place of meeting shall be the principal executive offices of the Corporation. The Board, acting in its sole discretion, may establish guidelines and procedures in accordance with applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL) and any other applicable law for the participation by stockholders and proxyholders in a meeting of stockholders by means of remote communications, and may determine that any meeting of stockholders will not be held at any place but will be held solely by means of remote communication. Stockholders and proxyholders complying with such procedures and guidelines and otherwise entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be deemed present in person and entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication.

Section 2.6 Notice of Meeting. Written or printed notice, stating the place, if any, day and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, in a manner pursuant to Section 7.7 hereof, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify (i) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), (ii) the place, if any, date and time of such meeting, (iii) the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, (iv) in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called and (v) such other information as may be required by 

applicable law or as may be deemed appropriate by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. If the stockholder list referred to in Section 2.4 of these Bylaws is made accessible on an electronic network, the notice of meeting must indicate how the stockholder list can be accessed. If the meeting of stockholders is to be held solely by means of electronic communications, the notice of meeting must provide the information required to access such stockholder list during the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. The Corporation may provide stockholders with notice of a meeting by electronic transmission provided such stockholders have consented to receiving electronic notice in accordance with the DGCL. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by applicable law. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the notice of meeting. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled to vote are present, or if notice is waived by those not present in accordance with Section 7.4 of these Bylaws.

Section 2.7 Quorum and Adjournment of Meetings.

(A) Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting (the Voting Stock), represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class, the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such business. For the avoidance of doubt, abstentions and broker non-votes shall be treated as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. The presiding person at the meeting or a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn or recess the meeting at any time and for any reason, whether or not there is such a quorum. The stockholders present at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until the meeting is adjourned or recessed, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

(B) Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn or recess from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned or recessed meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment or recess is taken; provided, however, that if the adjournment or recess is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned or recessed meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned or recessed meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting.

Section 2.8 Proxies. At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such other manner prescribed by the DGCL) by the stockholder or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Any copy, facsimile transmission or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to this section may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile transmission or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. No proxy may be voted or acted upon after the expiration of three (3) years from the date of such 

proxy, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Every proxy is revocable at the pleasure of the stockholder executing it unless the proxy states that it is irrevocable and applicable law makes it irrevocable. A stockholder may revoke any proxy that is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by filing another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary of the Corporation.

Section 2.9 Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations.

(A) Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

(1) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders at an annual meeting of stockholders may be made only (a) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (b) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (i) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (iii) complies with the notice procedures and other requirements set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. Section 2.9(A)(1)(c) of these Bylaws shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than matters properly brought under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act),and included in the Corporations notice of meeting) before an annual meeting of the stockholders.

(2) For any nominations or any other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to Section 2.9(A)(1)(c) of these Bylaws, (x) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, (y) such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL and (z) the record stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, must have acted in accordance with the representations set forth in the Solicitation Statement required by these Bylaws. To be timely, a stockholders notice must be received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that subject to the following sentence, in the event that the date of the annual meeting is scheduled for a date that is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not later than the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment, recess or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

To be in proper form, a stockholders notice (whether given pursuant to this Section 2.9(A)(2) or Section 2.9(B)) to the Secretary of the Corporation must:

(a) set forth, as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporations 

books, and of such stockholders Stockholder Associated Person (as defined in Section 2.9(C)(2)), if any, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such Stockholder Associated Person, (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of stock of the Corporation or otherwise (a Derivative Instrument), directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation held by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person, a complete and accurate description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding between or among such stockholder and such stockholders Stockholder Associated Person and any other person or persons in connection with such stockholders director nomination and the name and address of any other person(s) or entity or entities known to the stockholder to support such nomination, a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation, any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (for purposes of these Bylaws, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (F) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (G) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (H) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including, without limitation, any such interests held by members of such stockholders or any Stockholder Associated Persons immediate family sharing the same household, (iii) any other information relating to such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person, if any, that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal or for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (iv) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at 

such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to bring such nomination or other business before the meeting, and (v) a representation as to whether or not such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends or is part of a group which intends (A) to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the voting power of the Corporations outstanding stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, at least the percentage of the voting power of the Corporations outstanding stock reasonably believed by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as the case may be, to be sufficient to elect such nominee or nominees, (B) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such nomination and/or (C) to solicit proxies in support of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (such representation, a Solicitation Statement);

(b) if the notice relates to any business other than a nomination of a director or directors that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, set forth (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest of such stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person, if any, in such business, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment) and (iii) a complete and accurate description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between or among such stockholder and such stockholders Stockholder Associated Person, if any, and the name and address of any other person(s) or entity or entities in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder;

(c) set forth, as to each person, if any, whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board (i) all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (ii) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person, if any, and their respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made, if any, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, and (iii) a 

representation that such person intends to serve a full term, if elected as director; and

(d) with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to the Board, include (i) a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement in a form provided by the Corporation, which form the stockholder must request from the Secretary of the Corporation in writing with no less than 7 days advance notice, and (ii) a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary of the Corporation upon written request) that such person (A) is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a VotingCommitment) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such persons fiduciary duties under applicable law, (B) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein, and (C) in such persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation. The Corporation may require any stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person proposed nominee to deliver to the secretary of the Corporation, within 5 business days of any such request, such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Corporation, including, without limitation, such other information as may reasonably be requested to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; and

(3) A stockholder providing notice of a nomination or proposal of other business to be brought before a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, from time to time to the extent necessary so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct (a) as of the record date for the meeting and (b) as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess, cancellation, rescheduling or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date) and not later than seven (7) business days prior to the date for the meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof, if practicable (or, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to any adjournment, recess or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment, recess or postponement thereof)).

(4) A stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies for other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors.

(B) Special Meetings of Stockholders.

Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to a notice of meeting (1) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof (or stockholders if permitted pursuant to ArticleSeventh of the Certificate of Incorporation and Section 2.2 of these Bylaws prior to the TriggerDate) or (2) if the Board (or stockholders if permitted pursuant to Article Seventh of the Certificateof Incorporation and Section 2.2 of these Bylaws prior to the Trigger Date), or (2) if the Boardhas determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (a) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in these Bylaws and at the time of the special meeting, (b) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (c) complies with the notice procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. In the event a special meeting of stockholders is called pursuant to Article Seventh of the Certificate of Incorporation or Section 2.2 of these Bylaws for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any stockholder of record among such requesting stockholders may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if such stockholder delivers notice with the information required by Section 2.9(A)(2)(a) and Section2.9(A)(2)(c) (with the updates required by Section 2.9(A)(3)) of these Bylaws with respect to any nomination (including the completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 2.9(A)(2)(d) of these Bylaws). Such notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall any adjournment, recess or postponement or the announcement thereof of a special meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

(C) General.

(1) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law shall be eligible to serve as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as has been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the presiding person at the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and applicable law and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws and applicable law, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded.

(2) For purposes of these Bylaws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by Dow Jones News Service, the Associated Press, or any other national news service or in a document publicly filed by the 

Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and StockholderAssociated Person shall mean, for any stockholder, (i) such stockholder; (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different from such stockholder, on whose behalf the notice of the business or nomination proposed to be brought before the meeting is made; (iii) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder (or, if different from such stockholder, the beneficial owner or beneficial owners on whose behalf such notice is made); (iv) any member of the immediate family or any individual described in the foregoing clause (i) or (ii) sharing the same household; (v) any affiliate or associate of any person described in the forgoing clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv); (vi) any person who is a member of a group (as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) with such stockholder or any other proposing person with respect to the stock of the Corporation, including any proposed nominee; (vii) any person with whom any person described in the foregoing clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) is knowingly acting in concert with respect to the stock of the Corporation; and (viii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with any person described in the foregoing clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) with respect to any proposed business or nomination.

(3) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Bylaws, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf a nomination is made (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee and (ii) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder or such beneficial owner has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). Upon request by the Corporation, if any stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder or such beneficial owner shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than 5 business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

(4) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Bylaws, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in these Bylaws; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Section 2.9(A) or Section 2.9(B) of these Bylaws. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights (a) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (b) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors if and to the extent provided for under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

(5) Unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) making a nomination or proposal under this Section 2.9 does not appear at a meeting of stockholders to present such nomination or proposal, the nomination shall be disregarded and the proposed business shall not be transacted, as the case may be, notwithstanding that proxies in favor thereof may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.9, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.

(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section2.9, for so long as the Stockholders Agreement (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) remains in effect with respect to any Principal Stockholder, such Principal Stockholder (so long as such Principal Stockholder has the right to designate one or more nominees for election to the Board pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement) shall not be subject to this Section 2.9 with respect to any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

Section 2.10 Conduct of Business. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board may adopt by resolution such

rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The Chairman of the Board, if one shall have been elected, or in the Chairman of the Boards absence or if one shall not have been elected, the director or officer designated by the majority of the Board, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and for any or no reason to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the presiding person at the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the presiding person at the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; and (vi) restrictions on the use of audio or visual recording devices at the meeting. The presiding person at a meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding at the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section 2.11 Required Vote. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, at any meeting at which directors are to be elected, so long as a quorum is present, the directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote in the election. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, cumulative voting for the election of directors shall be prohibited. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the rules and regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of directors and certain non-binding advisory votes described below, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of the stockholders. In non-binding advisory matters with more than two possible vote choices, the affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the recommendation of the stockholders.

Section 2.12 Treasury Stock. The Corporation shall not vote, directly or indirectly, shares of its own stock owned by it or any other corporation, if a majority of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such corporation is held, directly or indirectly by the Corporation, and such shares will not be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or such other corporation, to vote stock of the Corporation held in a fiduciary capacity.

Section 2.13 Inspectors of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls. At any meeting at which a vote is taken by ballots, the Board by resolution may, and when required by applicable

law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors, which inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives, to act at the meetings of stockholders and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act or is able to act at a meeting of stockholders and the appointment of an inspector is required by applicable law, the presiding person at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his duties, shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by applicable law.

Section 2.14 Stockholder Action by Written Consent.

(A) Prior to the Trigger Date, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual meeting or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote of stockholders, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is or are signed by the holders of outstanding stock havingnot less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.

On and after the Trigger Date, Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock with respect to such series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be taken at a duly held annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by any consent in writing of such stockholders.

ARTICLE III BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.1 General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board elected in accordance with these Bylaws. In addition to the powers and authorities by these Bylaws expressly conferred upon them, the Board may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. The directors shall act only as a Board or a committee thereof, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.

Section 3.2 Number, Tenure and Qualifications. Subject to the rights of (i)the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances and (ii) theStockholders Agreement, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board; provided that the initial number of directors shall be nine. The election and term of director shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 3.3 Regular Meetings. Subject to Section 3.5, regular meetings of the Board shall be held on such dates, and at such times and places, as are determined from time to time by resolution of the Board.

Section 3.4 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board shall be called at the request of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the Board then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix the place, if any, date and time of the meetings. Any business may be conducted at a special meeting of the Board.

Section 3.5 Notice. Notice of any meeting of directors shall be given to each director at his business or residence in writing by hand delivery, first-class or overnight mail, courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission or orally by telephone. If mailed by first-class mail, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when deposited in the United States mails so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid, at least five (5) days before such meeting. If by overnight mail or courier service, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is delivered to the overnight mail or courier service company at least 24 hours before such meeting. If by facsimile or electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is transmitted at least 24 hours before such meeting. If by telephone or by hand delivery, the notice shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the meeting and shall be confirmed by facsimile or electronic transmission that is sent promptly thereafter. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice of such meeting, except for amendments to these Bylaws, as provided under Section 8.1. A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Section 7.4 of these Bylaws.

Section 3.6 Action by Consent of Board. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, including by 

electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting, and may be stated as such in any document or instrument filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

Section 3.7 Conference Telephone Meetings. Members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting, except where such person participates in the meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 3.8 Quorum. Subject to Section 3.9, a whole number of directors equal to at least a majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if at any meeting of the Board there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice unless (i) the date, time and place, if any, of the adjourned meeting are not announced at the time of adjournment, in which case notice conforming to the requirements of Section 3.5 of these Bylaws shall be given to each director, or (ii) the meeting is adjourned for more than 24 hours, in which case the notice referred to in clause (i) shall be given to those directors not present at the announcement of the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting. The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. The directors present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough directors to leave less than a quorum.

Section 3.9 Vacancies. Subject to applicable law and the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding and the then-applicable terms of the Stockholders Agreement, any newly created directorship that results from an increase in the number of directors or any vacancy on the Board that results from the death, disability, resignation, disqualification or removal of any director or from any other cause shall be filled in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 3.10 Removal. Directors of the Corporation may be removed in the manner provided in the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law.

Section 3.11 Records. The Board shall cause to be kept a record containing the minutes of the proceedings of the meetings of the Board and of the stockholders, appropriate stock books and registers and such books of records and accounts as may be necessary for the proper conduct of the business of the Corporation.

Section 3.12 Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Board shall have authority to fix the compensation of directors, including fees and reimbursement of expenses. The Corporation will cause each non-employee director serving on the Board to be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by him in connection with such service.

Section 3.13 Regulations; Director Agreement. To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, the Board may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of the Board and for the management of the affairs and business of the Corporation as the Board may deem appropriate. Each director shall be required to execute and deliver a director agreement in a form approved by the Board.

ARTICLE IV COMMITTES

Section 4.1 Designation; Powers. The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Any such committee, to the extent permitted by applicable law and to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.

Section 4.2 Procedure; Meetings; Quorum. Any committee designated pursuant to Section 4.1 shall choose its own chairman by a majority vote of the members then in attendance at a meeting of the committee so long as a quorum is present in the event the chairman has not been selected by the Board, shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings, and shall meet at such times and at such place or places as may be provided by the charter of such committee or by resolution of such committee or resolution of the Board. At every meeting of any such committee, the presence of a majority of all the members thereof shall constitute a quorum and the affirmative vote of a majority of the members present at a meeting where a quorum is present shall be necessary for the adoption by it of any resolution. The Board shall adopt a charter for each committee for which a charter is required by applicable laws, regulations or stock exchange rules, may adopt a charter for any other committee, and may adopt other rules and regulations for the governance of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws or any such charter, and each committee may adopt its own rules and regulations of governance, to the extent not inconsistent with these Bylaws or any charter or other rules and regulations adopted by the Board.

Section 4.3 Substitution of Members. The Board may designate one or more directors

as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member.

ARTICLE V OFFICERS

Section 5.1 Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers as the Board from time to time may deem proper. The Chairman of the Board shall be chosen from among the directors. All officers elected by the Board shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article V. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board or by any 

committee thereof. The Board or any committee thereof may from time to time elect, or the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may appoint, such other officers (including one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers) and such agents, as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Such other officers and agents shall have such duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be provided in these Bylaws or as may be prescribed by the Board or such committee thereof or by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be.

Section 5.2 Election and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected or appointed from time to time by the Board. Each officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected or appointed and shall have qualified or until his death or until he shall resign, but any officer may be removed from office at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board or, except in the case of an officer or agent elected by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights, if any, of the person so removed. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.

Section 5.3 Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall be responsible for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incidental to his office that may be required by law and all such other duties as are properly required of him by the Board. The Chairman of the Board may also serve as Chief Executive Officer, if so elected by the Board.

Section 5.4 Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall act in a general executive capacity and shall assist the Chairman of the Board in the administration and operation of the Corporations business and general supervision of its policies and affairs. If the Chief Executive Officer is also a director, the Chief Executive Officer shall, in the absence of or because of the inability to act of the Chairman of the Board, perform all duties of the Chairman of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the authority to sign, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, checks, orders, contracts, leases, notes, drafts and all other documents and instruments in connection with the business of the Corporation.

Section 5.5 President. The President, if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, the President (if any and if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings of the Board.

Section 5.6 Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents. Each Senior Vice President and Vice President, if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board.

Section 5.7 Treasurer. The Treasurer shall exercise general supervision over the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. The Treasurer shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be deposited in such banks as may be authorized by the Board, or in such banks 

as may be designated as depositaries in the manner provided by resolution of the Board. He shall have such further powers and duties and shall be subject to such directions as may be granted or imposed upon him from time to time by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.8 Secretary. The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in one or more books provided for that purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the Board, the committees of the Board and the stockholders; he shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and as required by applicable law; he shall be custodian of the records and the seal of the Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all stock certificates of the Corporation (unless the seal of the Corporation on such certificates shall be a facsimile, as hereinafter provided) and affix and attest the seal to all other documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation under its seal; and he shall see that the books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed; and in general, he shall perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.9 Vacancies. A newly created elected office and a vacancy in any elected office because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the Board for the unexpired portion of the term at any meeting of the Board. Any vacancy in an office appointed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 5.10 Action with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations. Unless otherwise directed by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer shall have power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of security holders of or with respect to any action of security holders of any other corporation in which the Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers that the Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation.

ARTICLE VI

STOCK CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFERS

Section 6.1 Stock Certificates and Transfers. The interest of each stockholder of the

Corporation evidenced by certificates for shares of stock shall be in such form as the appropriate officers of the Corporation may from time to time prescribe, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock may be uncertificated shares. The shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be entered in the books of the Corporation as they are issued and shall exhibit the holders name and number of shares. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation, which may be maintained by a third-party registrar or transfer agent, by the holder thereof in person or by his attorney, upon surrender for cancellation of certificates for at least the same number of shares, with an assignment and power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed, with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its agents may reasonably require or upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of uncertificated shares 

and upon compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form, at which time the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto (if the stock is then represented by certificates), cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books.

Any share of stock that is certificated shall be signed, countersigned and registered in such manner as the Board may by resolution prescribe, which resolution may permit all or any of the signatures on such certificates to be in facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 6.2 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. No certificate for shares or uncertificated shares of stock in the Corporation shall be issued in place of any certificate alleged to have been lost, destroyed or stolen, except on production of such evidence of such loss, destruction or theft and on delivery to the Corporation of a bond of indemnity in such amount, upon such terms and secured by such surety, as the Board or any financial officer may in its or his discretion require.

Section 6.3 Ownership of Shares. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock of the Corporation as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware.

Section 6.4 Regulations Regarding Certificates. The Board shall have the power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as they may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration or the replacement of certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation. The Corporation may enter into additional agreements with stockholders to restrict the transfer of stock of the Corporation in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL.

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 7.1 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January and end on the thirty-first day of December of each year.

Section 7.2 Dividends. Except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares of stock, which dividends may be paid in either cash, property or shares of stock of the Corporation. A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board, shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the director reasonably believes are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation, as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities or net profits of the Corporation, or any other facts 

pertinent to the existence and amount of surplus or other funds from which dividends might properly be declared and paid.

Section 7.3 Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the words Corporate Seal, the year of incorporation and around the margin thereof the words Liberty Energy Inc. - Delaware.

Section 7.4 Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or director of the Corporation under the provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, including by electronic transmission, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of the stockholders or the Board or committee thereof need be specified in any waiver of notice of such meeting. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 7.5 Resignations. Any director or any officer, whether elected or appointed, may resign at any time by giving written notice, including by electronic transmission, of such resignation to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary, and such resignation shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the date said notice is received by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary, or at such later time as is specified therein. No formal action shall be required of the Board or the stockholders to make any such resignation effective.

Section 7.6 Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses.

(A) The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding) by reason of the fact that he, or a person for whom he is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (a Covered Person), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all expenses, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Covered Person in connection with such proceeding.

(B) The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in 

advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter, a final adjudication) that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section

7.6 or otherwise.

(C) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses under this Section 7.6 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to a Covered Person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 7.6, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to a Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Covered Person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board.

(D) If a claim for indemnification under this Section 7.6 (following the final disposition of such proceeding) is not paid in full within sixty (60) days after the Corporation has received a claim therefor by the Covered Person, or if a claim for any advancement of expenses under this Section 7.6 is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after the Corporation has received a statement or statements requesting such amounts to be advanced, the Covered Person shall thereupon (but not before) be entitled to file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim. If successful in whole or in part, the Covered Person shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, or claim brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses prior to the terms of an undertaking. In any such action, the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law. In (1) any suit brought by a Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by a Covered Person to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (2) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Covered Person has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Covered Person is proper in the circumstances because the Covered Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the Covered Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Covered Person has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Covered Person, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 7.6 or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

(E) The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Section 7.6 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that such Covered Person may have or hereafter acquire under 

any statute, any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, any agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

(F) This Section 7.6 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action.

(G) Any Covered Person entitled to indemnification and/or advancement of expenses, in each case pursuant to this Section 7.6, may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement and/or insurance provided by one or more persons with whom or which such Covered Person may be associated. The Corporation hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Corporation shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any proceeding, expense, liability or matter that is the subject of this Section 7.6, (ii) the Corporation shall be primarily liable for all such obligations and any indemnification afforded to a Covered Person in respect of a proceeding, expense, liability or matter that is the subject of this Section 7.6, whether created by law, organizational or constituent documents, contract or otherwise, (iii) any obligation of any persons with whom or which a Covered Person may be associated to indemnify such Covered Person and/or advance expenses or liabilities to such Covered Person in respect of any proceeding shall be secondary to the obligations of the Corporation hereunder, (iv) the Corporation shall be required to indemnify each Covered Person and advance expenses to each Covered Person hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any rights such Covered Person may have against any other person with whom or which such Covered Person may be associated or insurer of any such person, and (v) the Corporation irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other person with whom or which a Covered Person may be associated from any claim of contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Corporation hereunder.

(H) The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any person who is or was serving as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.

Section 7.7 Notices. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein or required by applicable law, all notices required to be given to any stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery to the recipient thereof, by depositing such notice in the mails, postage paid, or by sending such notice by commercial courier service, or by facsimile or other electronic transmission, provided that notice to stockholders by electronic transmission shall be given in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL. Any such notice shall be addressed to such stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent at his last known address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively, notice to any stockholder shall be deemed given: (1) if by facsimile, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (3) if by posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon

the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice; (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder; and (5) if by mail, when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.

Section 7.8 Facsimile and Electronic Signatures. In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile or electronic signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile or electronic signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board or a committee thereof or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 7.9 Time Periods. Except as otherwise explicitly set forth in these Bylaws, in applying any provision of these Bylaws that require that an act be done or not done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.

Section 7.10 Reliance Upon Books, Reports and Records. Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporations officers or employees, or committees designated by the Board, or by any other person as to the matters the member reasonably believes are within such other persons professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.

Section 7.11 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any provision of these Bylaws will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or portion of any provision of these Bylaws is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such provision or portion of any provision shall be severable and the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such jurisdiction, and these Bylaws will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision or portion of any provision had never been contained herein.

Section 7.12 Venue for Securities Act Matters. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision.

ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENTS

Section 8.1 Amendments. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws may be amended, altered or repealed by resolution adopted by a majority of the directors present at any special or regular meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present if, 

in the case of such special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is contained in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. Stockholders shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws may be adopted, altered, amended or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation only (A) prior to the Trigger Date,by the affirmative vote of holders of not lessthan 50%a majorityin voting power of the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, or (B) on and after the Trigger Date by the affirmative vote of holders of not less than 66 2/3% in voting power of the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. if, in the case of such special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is contained in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. No Bylaws hereafter made or adopted, nor any repeal of or amendment thereto, shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that was valid at the time it was taken. So long as the Stockholders Agreement remains in effect, the Board shall not approve any amendment, alteration or repeal of a provision of these Bylaws, or the adoption of any new Bylaw, that would be contrary to or inconsistent with the then-applicable terms of the Stockholders Agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment, alteration or repeal of Section 7.6 shall adversely affect any right or protection existing under these Bylaws immediately prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal, including any right or protection of a present or former director, officer or employee thereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lbrt-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lbrt-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Document Type 
Document Type 

City Area Code 
City Area Code
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lbrt-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Entity Registrant Name Liberty Energy Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38081

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-4891595

Entity Address, Address Line One 950 17th Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 2400

Entity Address, City or Town Denver

Entity Address, State or Province CO

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 80202

City Area Code 303

Local Phone Number 515-2800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol LBRT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001694028

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://www.libertyenergy.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

lbrt-20250415.htm 
lbrt-20250415.xsd 
lbrt-20250415_lab.xml 
lbrt-20250415_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2025 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001694028-25-000088-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>lbrt-20250415_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001694028 

2025-04-21 
2025-04-21 

2025-04-15 
false 
0001694028 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
Liberty Energy Inc. 
DE 
001-38081 
81-4891595 
950 17th Street 
Suite 2400 
Denver 
CO 
80202 
303 
515-2800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 
LBRT 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>