<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001299969-25-000013.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001299969-25-000013.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328160830
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001299969-25-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250328
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001299969
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				201164345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32375
		FILM NUMBER:		25786038

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 RESTON METRO PLAZA, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-230-1985

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 RESTON METRO PLAZA, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Comstock Homebuilding Companies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040806
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>chci-20250328.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?chci-20250328

0001299969FALSE12/3100012999692025-03-282025-03-28

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):March 28, 2025

Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware 1-32375 20-1164345

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 10TH Floor

Reston, Virginia20190

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code:(703)230-1985

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a- 12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 CHCI 

Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

The information provided in Item 3.03 below is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders

As previously reported, Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (the Company) is party to a Section 382 Rights Agreement (the Old Rights Agreement) dated March 27, 2015 between the Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. The Old Rights Agreement expired according to its terms on March 27, 2025.

On March 12, 2025, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the adoption and execution of a new Section 382 Rights Agreement in an effort to continue to protect stockholder value by preserving the Companys ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs), and authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one preferred stock purchase right (a Right) for each share of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, or Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (collectively, the Common Stock) outstanding to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 14, 2025 (the Record Date). The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in the Section 382 Rights Agreement (the New Rights Agreement) dated March 28, 2025 by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit (a Unit) consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock), at a purchase price of $20.48 per Unit (the Purchase Price), subject to adjustment. 

The Board of Directors of the Company adopted the New Rights Agreement in an effort to protect stockholder value by attempting to continue to protect against a possible limitation on the Companys ability to use NOLs to reduce potential future federal income tax obligations. In the past, the Company generated certain operating losses, and under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service, the Company may carry forward these losses in certain circumstances to offset any current and future earnings and thus reduce the Companys federal income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. To the extent that the NOLs do not otherwise become limited, the Company believes that it will be able to carry forward a significant amount of NOLs, and therefore these NOLs could be a substantial asset to the Company. However, if the Company experiences an Ownership Change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code, its ability to use the NOLs will be substantially limited, and the timing of the usage of the NOLs could be substantially delayed, which could therefore significantly impair the value of that asset. 

The Company intends to submit the New Rights Agreement to a vote of the Companys stockholders at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

The summary of the New Rights Agreement set forth below does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the New Rights Agreement. A copy of the New Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Distribution Date; Acquiring Persons; Transfer of Rights. Initially, the Rights will be attached to all Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock certificates representing shares then outstanding, and no separate rights certificates will be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the New Rights Agreement, the Rights will separate from the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock and a Distribution Date (as defined in the New Rights Agreement) will occur upon the earlier of (i) ten business days following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an Acquiring Person) has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 4.95% or more of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (the Stock Acquisition Date) or (ii) ten business days following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 4.95% or more of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. The definition of Acquiring Person excludes any Exempted Person (as defined below) and any person who would become an Acquiring Person solely as a result of an Exempted Transaction (as defined below). Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the Class A Common Stock certificates and the Class B Common Stock certificates and will be transferred with and only with such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock certificates, (ii) new Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock certificates issued after the Record Date will contain a notation incorporating the New Rights Agreement by reference and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock outstanding will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Class A Common Stock or the Class B Common Stock represented by such certificate. 

As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, one or more rights certificates, (the Rights Certificates) will be mailed to holders of record of the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date. Thereafter, the separate Rights Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors 

of the Company, only shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock issued prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with Rights. 

Exempted Persons. The following persons shall be Exempted Persons under the New Rights Agreement: 

(i) Any person who, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, is the beneficial owner of securities representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding on March 28, 2025, will be an Exempted Person. However, any such person will no longer be deemed to be an Exempted Person and shall be deemed an Acquiring Person if such person, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by 0.5% or more the lowest percentage of Class A Common Stock that such person had at any time since March 28, 2025, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company. 

(ii) In addition, any person who, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding as a result of a purchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of shares of Class A Common Stock will also be an Exempted Person. However, any such person will no longer be deemed to be an Exempted Person and will be deemed to be an Acquiring Person if such person, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner, at any time after the date such person became the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by 0.5% or more the lowest percentage of beneficial ownership of Class A Common Stock that such person had at any time since the date such person first became the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company. 

(iii) In addition, any person who, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, is the beneficial owner of securities representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding, and whose beneficial ownership, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion, (x) would not jeopardize or endanger the availability to the Company of its NOLs or (y) is otherwise in the best interests of the Company, will be an Exempted Person. However, any such person will cease to be an Exempted Person if (A) such person ceases to beneficially own 4.95% or more of the shares of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, or (B) after the date of such determination by the Board of Directors of the Company, such person, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by 0.5% or more the lowest percentage of beneficial ownership of Class A Common Stock that such person had at any time since the date such person first became the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company, or (C) the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, makes a contrary determination with respect to the effect of such persons beneficial ownership (together with all affiliates and associates of such person) with respect to the availability to the Company of its NOLs. 

A purchaser, assignee or transferee of the shares of Class A Common Stock (or options or warrants exercisable for Class A Common Stock) from an Exempted Person will not thereby become an Exempted Person, except that a transferee from the estate of an Exempted Person who receives Class A Common Stock as a bequest or inheritance from an Exempted Person shall be an Exempted Person so long as such transferee continues to be the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

Exempted Transactions. The following transactions shall be Exempted Transactions under the New Rights Agreement: any transaction that the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in its sole discretion, is exempt from the New Rights Agreement, which determination shall be made in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the date of such transaction, including, without limitation, if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that (i) neither the beneficial ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock by any person, directly or indirectly, as a result of such transaction nor any other aspect of such transaction would jeopardize or endanger the availability to the Company of the Companys tax benefits or (ii) such transaction is otherwise in the best interests of the Company. In granting an exemption for an Exempted Transaction, the Board of Directors of the Company may require any person who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person to make certain representations or undertakings or to agree that any violation or attempted violation of such representations or undertakings 

will result in such consequences and subject to such conditions as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine in its sole discretion, including that any such violation shall result in such person becoming an Acquiring Person. 

Exercisability; Expiration. The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire on the earliest of (i) the close of business on March 28, 2035, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the New Rights Agreement, (iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged pursuant to the New Rights Agreement, (iv) the repeal of Section 382 of the Code or any successor statute if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that the New Rights Agreement is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of certain tax benefits, (v) the beginning of a taxable year of the Company to which the Board of Directors of the Company determines that certain tax benefits may not be carried forward, or (vi) the first anniversary of adoption of the New Rights Agreement if shareholder approval of the New Rights Agreement has not been received by or on such date. At no time will the New Rights have any voting power. 

In the event that an Acquiring Person becomes the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, Class A Common Stock (or, in certain circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company), having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. The exercise price is the Purchase Price (as defined in the New Rights Agreement) times the number of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock associated with each Right (initially, one). Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, following the occurrence of an Acquiring Person becoming such (a Flip-In Event), all Rights that are, or (under certain circumstances specified in the New Rights Agreement) were, beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person will be null and void. However, Rights are not exercisable following the occurrence of a Flip-In Event until such time as the Rights are no longer redeemable by the Company as set forth below. 

For example, at an exercise price of $20.48 per Right, each Right distributed in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, not owned by an Acquiring Person (or by certain related parties) following an event set forth in the preceding paragraph would entitle its holder to purchase $40.96 worth of Class A Common Stock (or other consideration, as noted above) for $20.48. If the Class A Common Stock at the time of exercise had a market value per share of $10.24, the holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase 4 shares of Class A Common Stock for $20.48. 

Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to shareholders or to the Company, shareholders may, depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become exercisable for Class A Common Stock (or other consideration) of the Company as set forth above or in the event the Rights are redeemed. 

Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Purchase Price payable, and the number of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Preferred Stock, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the current market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). 

With certain exceptions, no adjustments in the Purchase Price will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase Price. No fractional shares of Preferred Stock (other than integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise. 

Exchange. At any time after the Stock Acquisition Date, the Board of Directors of the Company may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by an Acquiring Person), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio equal to (i) a number of shares of Class A Common Stock per Right with a value equal to the spread between the value of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which the Rights may then be exercised and the Purchase Price or (ii) if prior to the acquisition by the Acquiring Person of 50% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, one share of Class A Common Stock per Right distributed in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock or one share of Class B Common Stock per Right distributed in respect of shares of Class B Common Stock (in each case, subject to adjustment). 

Redemption. At any time until ten days following the Stock Acquisition Date, the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.001 per Right. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the $0.001 redemption price. 

Amendments. Other than those provisions relating to the principal economic terms of the Rights or extension of the Final Expiration Date of the New Rights Plan, any of the provisions of the New Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. After the Distribution Date, the provisions of the New Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board of Directors of the Company in order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes which do not adversely affect the interests of holders of Rights (excluding the interests of any Acquiring Person), or to shorten or lengthen any time period under the New Rights Agreement; provided, however, that no amendment to adjust the time period governing redemption shall be made at such time as the Rights are not redeemable. 

A copy of the New Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year

The terms, rights, obligations and preferences of the Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation), which was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 28, 2025. The following description of the Preferred Stock does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate of Designation. A copy of the Certificate of Designation is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Shares of Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will not be redeemable. Each share of Preferred Stock will be entitled, when, as and if declared, to a minimum preferential quarterly dividend payment of the greater of (a) $1.00 per share, and (b) an amount equal to 1,000 times the dividend declared per share of Common Stock. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to a preferential payment equal to $1,000 per share of Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment, before any distribution is made on securities ranking junior to the Preferred Stock. Each share of Preferred Stock will have 1,000 votes, voting together with the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock. Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which outstanding shares of Common Stock are converted or exchanged, each share of Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive 1,000 times the amount received per share of Common Stock. These rights are protected by customary anti-dilution provisions. 

Because of the nature of the Preferred Stocks dividend, liquidation and voting rights, the value of the one one-thousandth interest in a share of Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the value of one share of Common Stock. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number Description

3.1 

Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 28, 2025

4.1 

Section 382 Rights Agreement between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC dated March 28, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.

Date: March 28, 2025 By: /s/ CHRISTOPHER CLEMENTE

Christopher Clemente

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
ex31-certificateofdesign

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION of SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK of COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), does hereby certify that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors) in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), the Board of Directors on March 12, 2025 adopted the following resolution creating a series of 50,000 shares of Preferred Stock designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock: FURTHER RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, a series of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation be and hereby is created, and that the designation and number of shares thereof and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights of the shares of such series and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof are as set forth on Exhibit A. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate this 28th day of March, 2025. COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. By: /s/ Christopher Clemente Name: Christopher Clemente Title: Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 3.1 

Terms of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Section 1. Designation and Amount. The shares of such series shall be designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 50,000. Section 2. Dividends and Distributions. (a) The holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1.00 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the Class A Common Stock) or a dividend payable in shares of Class B Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the Class B Common Stock) since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after March 28, 2025 (the Rights Declaration Date) (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (b) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Paragraph (A) above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $1.00 per share on the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. (c) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof. 

2 Section 3. Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: (a) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (b) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. (c) (i) If at any time dividends on any Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark the beginning of a period (herein called a default period) which shall extend until such time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on all shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set apart for payment. During each default period, all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall have the right to elect two (2) Directors. (ii) During any default period, such voting right of the holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at a special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph (iii) of this Section 3(c) or at any annual meeting of stockholders, and thereafter at annual meetings of stockholders, provided that such voting right shall not be exercised unless the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The absence of a quorum of the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the holders of Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any meeting at which the holders of Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting right initially during an existing default period, they shall have the right, voting as a class, to elect Directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the Board of Directors as may then exist up to two (2) Directors or, if such right is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two (2) Directors from the class of Directors being elected at such annual meeting. If the number which may be so elected at any special meeting does not amount to the required number, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such increase in the number of Directors in the class elected at the most recent annual meeting of stockholders as shall be necessary to permit the election by them of the required number. After the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect Directors in any default period and during the continuance of such period, the number of Directors shall not be increased or decreased except by vote of the holders of Preferred Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. (iii) Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect Directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series, may request, the calling of a special meeting of the holders of Preferred Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be called by the President, a Vice-President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to this Paragraph (c)(iii) shall be given to each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to such holder at such holders last address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than twenty (20) days and not later than sixty (60) days after such order or request, or in default of the calling of such meeting 

3 within sixty (60) days after such order or request, such meeting may be called on similar notice by any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Paragraph (c)(iii), no such special meeting shall be called during the period within sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date fixed for the next annual meeting of the stockholders. (iv) In any default period, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, and other classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be entitled to elect the whole number of Directors until the holders of Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) Directors voting as a class, after the exercise of which right (x) the Directors so elected by the holders of Preferred Stock shall continue in office until their successors shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided in Paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 3) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining Directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which elected the Director whose office shall have become vacant. References in this Paragraph (c) to Directors elected by the holders of a particular class of stock shall include Directors elected by such Directors to fill vacancies as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence. (v) Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x) the right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect Directors shall cease, (y) the term of any Directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of Directors shall be such number as may be provided for in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Corporation irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 3 (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in any manner provided by law or in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Corporation). Any vacancies in the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the remaining Directors. (d) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action. Section 4. Certain Restrictions. (a) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 hereof are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not: (i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; (ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; or (iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, 

4 dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes. (b) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under Paragraph (a) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein. Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (a) Upon any liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have received an amount equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment (the Series A Liquidation Preference). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall have received an amount per share (the Common Adjustment) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Series A Liquidation Preference by (ii) 1,000 (as appropriately adjusted as set forth in subparagraph (c) below to reflect such events as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock) (such number in clause (ii), the Adjustment Number). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 (with respect to such Preferred Stock) (with respect to such Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock) on a per share basis. (b) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other series of Preferred Stock, if any, which rank on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences. In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. (c) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock 

5 are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. Section 8. No Redemption. The shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable. Section 9. Amendment. The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation shall not be further amended in any manner which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class. Section 10. Fractional Shares. Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holders fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
ex41-chci382rightsplan20

COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. and EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC as Rights Agent Section 382 Rights Agreement Dated as of March 28, 2025 Exhibit 4.1 

- i - TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Section 1. Certain Definitions .............................................................................................................................. 1 Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent ............................................................................................................. 5 Section 3. Issue of Rights Certificates .................................................................................................................. 5 Section 4. Form of Rights Certificates ................................................................................................................. 6 Section 5. Countersignature and Registration ...................................................................................................... 7 Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates ..................................................................................... 7 Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights ........................................................... 8 Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates............................................................................ 9 Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock .................................................................................. 10 Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date ............................................................................................................. 10 Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares or Number of Rights ........................... 11 Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares ............................................................ 16 Section 13. [RESERVED] .................................................................................................................................... 16 Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares ............................................................................................ 16 Section 15. Rights of Action ................................................................................................................................ 17 Section 16. Agreement of Rights Holders ............................................................................................................ 17 Section 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder ....................................................................... 17 Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent ............................................................................................................ 18 Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent ......................................................... 18 Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent ...................................................................................................................... 18 Section 21. Change of Rights Agent .................................................................................................................... 20 Section 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates .................................................................................................. 20 Section 23. Redemption and Termination ............................................................................................................ 21 Section 24. Notice of Certain Events ................................................................................................................... 21 Section 25. Notices ............................................................................................................................................... 22 

- ii - Section 26. Supplements and Amendments ......................................................................................................... 22 Section 27. Exchange ........................................................................................................................................... 23 Section 28. Successors ......................................................................................................................................... 24 Section 29. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc. ............................................................. 24 Section 30. Benefits of this Agreement ................................................................................................................ 24 Section 31. Severability ........................................................................................................................................ 24 Section 32. Governing Law .................................................................................................................................. 24 Section 33. Counterparts ...................................................................................................................................... 25 Section 34. Descriptive Headings ........................................................................................................................ 25 Exhibit A Form of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Exhibit B Form of Rights Certificate Exhibit C Summary of Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 

SECTION 382 RIGHTS AGREEMENT SECTION 382 RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Agreement), between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, a New York limited liability trust company (the Rights Agent). W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Company has generated NOLs (as defined in Section 1 hereof) for United States federal income tax purposes; and such NOLs may potentially provide valuable tax benefits to the Company; the Company desires to avoid an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and thereby preserve the ability to utilize fully such NOLs and certain other tax benefits; and, in furtherance of such objective, the Company desires to enter into this Agreement; and WHEREAS, on March 28, 2025 (the Rights Dividend Declaration Date), the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and declared a dividend distribution of one preferred share purchase right (a Right) for each share of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock), and one Right for each share of Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock), of the Company outstanding at the close of business on April 14, 2025 (the Record Date), and has authorized the issuance of one Right (as such number may hereinafter be adjusted pursuant to the provisions hereof) for each share of Class A Common Stock and each share of Class B Common Stock issued between the Record Date (whether originally issued or delivered from the Companys treasury) and the earlier of the close of business on the Distribution Date (as defined in Section 3 hereof) and the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 7(a) hereof), each Right initially representing the right to purchase one one-thousandth of a share (a Unit) of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock) of the Company having the rights, powers and preferences set forth in the form of Designations, Preferences and Rights attached hereto as Exhibit A, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows: Section 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated: (a) Acquiring Person shall mean any Person who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the Beneficial Owner of 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding, but shall not include (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) any employee benefit plan of the Company, or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or (iv) any Exempted Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall become an Acquiring Person solely as a result of an Exempted Transaction. No Person shall become an Acquiring Person as a result of such Person becoming the Beneficial Owner of shares of Class A Common Stock into which shares of Class B Common Stock are convertible or have been converted pursuant to Article IV(a) of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (b) Affiliate and Associate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person whose Common Stock would be deemed constructively owned by such first Person for purposes of Section 382 of the Code, would be deemed owned by a single entity as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.382-3(a)(1) in which both such Persons are included, or otherwise would be deemed aggregated with Common Stock owned by such first Person pursuant to the provisions of Section 382 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed to be the Affiliate or Associate of another Person solely because either or both Persons are or were directors of the Company. (c) A Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, and shall be deemed to beneficially own, any securities: (i) which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of 

2 time or the occurrence of an event) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, other rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, (A) securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange, (B) securities issuable upon exercise of Rights at any time prior to the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, (C) securities issuable upon exercise of Rights from and after the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, which Rights were acquired by such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates prior to the Distribution Date or pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22 hereof (the Original Rights) or pursuant to Section 11(i) hereof in connection with an adjustment made with respect to any Original Rights, or (D) securities issued or issuable pursuant to any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any employment agreement, arrangement or other understanding between the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company and any Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates; or (ii) which such Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to vote or dispose of or has beneficial ownership of (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act), including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing; provided, however, that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security under this subparagraph (ii) as a result of (A) an agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security if such agreement, arrangement or understanding: (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable provisions of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, and (2) is not also then reportable by such Person on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report), or (B) securities issued or issuable pursuant to any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any employment agreement, arrangement or other understanding between the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company and any Person or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates; (iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such Person (or any of such Persons Affiliates or Associates) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing), for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in the proviso to subparagraph (ii) of this paragraph (c)) or disposing of any voting securities of the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this paragraph (c) shall cause a Person engaged in business as an underwriter of securities to be the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any securities acquired through such Persons participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting until the expiration of forty (40) days after the date of such acquisition, and then only if such securities continue to be owned by such Person at such expiration of forty (40) days; or (iv) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent not within the foregoing provisions of this Section 1(c), a Person shall be deemed the Beneficial Owner of and shall be deemed to beneficially own or have beneficial ownership of, securities which such Person would be deemed to constructively own or which otherwise would be aggregated with shares owned by such Person pursuant to Section 382 of the Code, or any successor provision or replacement provision and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. (d) Book Entry shall mean an uncertificated book entry for the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. (e) Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. (f) Class A Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. (g) Class B Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. 

3 (h) close of business on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day. (i) Code shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement. (j) Current Market Price shall have the meaning set forth in Sections 11(d)(i) and 11(d)(ii) hereof. (k) Current Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof. (l) Distribution Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) hereof. (m) Equivalent Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(b) hereof. (n) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (o) Exempted Person shall mean any Person who, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, (i) is the Beneficial Owner of securities (as disclosed in public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the Rights Dividend Declaration Date), representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding on the Rights Dividend Declaration Date, provided, however, that any such Person described in this clause (i) shall no longer be deemed to be an Exempted Person and shall be deemed an Acquiring Person if such Person, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by one-half of one percent (0.5%) or more the lowest percentage of Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock that such Person had at any time since the Rights Dividend Declaration Date, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such Person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a repurchase or redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company; or (ii) becomes the Beneficial Owner of securities representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding because of a reduction in the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding as a result of the purchase by the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company of shares of Class A Common Stock, provided, however, that any such Person described in this clause (ii) shall no longer be deemed to be an Exempted Person and shall be deemed an Acquiring Person if such Person, itself or together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner, at any time after the date such Person became the Beneficial Owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by one-half of one percent (0.5%) or more the lowest percentage of Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock that such Person had at any time since the date such Person first became the Beneficial Owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such Person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a repurchase or redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company; or (iii) is a Beneficial Owner of 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding and whose beneficial ownership, as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, (x) would not jeopardize or endanger the availability to the Company of its NOLs or other Tax Benefits or (y) is otherwise in the best interests of the Company, provided, however, that if a Person is an Exempted Person solely by reason of this clause (iii), then such Person shall cease to be an Exempted Person if (A) such Person ceases to beneficially own 4.95% or more of the shares of the then outstanding Class A Common Stock, (B) after the date of such determination by the Board of Directors, such Person, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of securities representing a 

4 percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by one-half of one percent (0.5%) or more the lowest percentage of Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock that such Person had at any time since the date such Person first became the Beneficial Owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, except solely (I) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such Person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (II) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company, or (C) the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole discretion, makes a contrary determination with respect to the effect of such Persons beneficial ownership (together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person) with respect to the availability to the Company of its NOLs or other Tax Benefits. A purchaser, assignee or transferee of the shares of Class A Common Stock (or warrants or options exercisable for Class A Common Stock) from an Exempted Person shall not thereby become an Exempted Person, except that a transferee from the estate of an Exempted Person who receives Class A Common Stock as a bequest or inheritance from an Exempted Person shall be an Exempted Person so long as such Person continues to be the Beneficial Owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. (p) Exempted Transaction shall mean any transaction that the Board of Directors determines, in its sole discretion, is exempt from this Agreement in whole or in part (to the extent of such determination), which determination shall be made in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors prior to the date of such transaction, including, without limitation, if the Board of Directors determines that (i) neither the Beneficial Ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock by any Person, directly or indirectly, as a result of such transaction nor any other aspect of such transaction would jeopardize or endanger the availability to the Company of the Tax Benefits or (ii) such transaction is otherwise in the best interests of the Company. In granting an exemption under this definition, the Board of Directors may require any Person who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person to make certain representations or undertakings or to agree that any violation or attempted violation of such representations or undertakings will result in such consequences and subject to such conditions as the Board of Directors may determine in its sole discretion, including that any such violation shall result in such Person becoming an Acquiring Person. (q) Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) hereof. (r) Final Expiration Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) hereof. (s) NOLs shall mean the Companys net operating loss carryforwards. (t) Person shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity, or a group of Persons making a coordinated acquisition of shares or otherwise treated as an entity within the meaning of Section 1.382-3(a)(1) of the Treasury Regulations, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such individual or entity, but shall not include a Public Group (as such term is defined in Section 1.382-2T(f)(13) of the Treasury Regulations). (u) Preferred Stock shall mean shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company, and, to the extent that there are not a sufficient number of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock authorized to permit the full exercise of the Rights, any other series of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company designated for such purpose containing terms substantially similar to the terms of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. (v) Purchase Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) hereof. (w) Record Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. (x) Right shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. (y) Rights Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. (z) Rights Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) hereof. 

5 (aa) Rights Dividend Declaration Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. (bb) Section 11(a)(ii) Event shall mean any event described in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof. (cc) Stock Acquisition Date shall mean the first date of public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include, without limitation, a report filed pursuant to Section 13(d) under the Exchange Act) by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person has become such. (dd) Subsidiary shall mean, with reference to any Person, any Person of which a majority of the voting power of voting equity securities or equity interests is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or otherwise controlled by such Person. (ee) Substitution Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(a)(iii) hereof. (ff) Summary of Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b) hereof. (gg) Trading Day shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(d)(i) hereof. (hh) Tax Benefits shall mean the net operating loss carryovers, capital loss carryovers, general business credit carryovers, alternative minimum tax credit carryovers, foreign tax credit carryovers, any loss or deduction attributable to a net unrealized built-in loss within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. (ii) Treasury Regulations shall mean final, temporary and proposed income tax regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended. Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company and the holders of the Rights (who, in accordance with Section 3 hereof, shall prior to the Distribution Date also be the holders of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company may from time to time appoint such co-rights agents as it may deem necessary or desirable. Section 3. Issue of Rights Certificates. (a) Until the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth Business Day after the Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth day after the Stock Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the close of business on the Record Date), or (ii) the close of business on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person) after the date that a tender or exchange offer by any Person (other than any Exempted Person, the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) is first published or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, if upon consummation thereof, such Person would become an Acquiring Person (the earlier of (i) and (ii) (or, the Record Date, if either such event occurs prior to the Record Date) being herein referred to as the Distribution Date), (x) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 3) by the certificates for the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock registered in the names of the holders of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, which certificates for Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock shall be deemed also to be certificates for Rights (or by Book Entry shares in respect of such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock), and not by separate certificates, and (y) the Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of the underlying shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (including a transfer to the Company). As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute, the Rights Agent will countersign and the Rights Agent will send by first-class, insured, postage prepaid mail, to each record holder of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the records of the Company, one or more rights certificates, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto (the Rights Certificates), evidencing one Right for each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock so held, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In 

6 the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per share of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock has been made pursuant to Section 11(p) hereof, at the time of distribution of the Rights Certificates, the Company shall make the necessary and appropriate rounding adjustments (in accordance with Section 14(a) hereof) so that Rights Certificates representing only whole numbers of Rights are distributed and cash is paid in lieu of any fractional Rights. As of and after the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Rights Certificates. (b) As promptly as practicable following the Record Date, the Company will make available a Summary of Rights, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Summary of Rights), to any record holder of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as of the close of business on the Record Date who may request it before the Expiration Date. With respect to certificates for the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (or Book Entry shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) outstanding as of the Record Date, or issued subsequent to the Record Date, unless and until the Distribution Date shall occur, the Rights will be evidenced by such certificates for the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or the Book Entry shares) and the registered holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights. Until the earliest of the Distribution Date, the Expiration Date (as such term is defined in Section 7 hereof) or the redemption of the Rights pursuant to Section 23 hereof, the transfer of any certificates representing shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or the Book Entry shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) in respect of which Rights have been issued shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with such shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or Book Entry shares. (c) Rights shall be issued in respect of all shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock which are issued (whether originally issued or from the Companys treasury) after the Record Date but prior to the earliest of the Distribution Date, the Expiration Date or the redemption of the Rights pursuant to Section 23 hereof. Certificates representing such shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock shall also be deemed to be certificates for Rights, and shall bear a legend substantially in the following form: This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to certain Rights as set forth in the Rights Agreement between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (the Company) and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (the Rights Agent), dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Rights Agreement), the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal offices of the Rights Agent. Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate. The Rights Agent will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement, as in effect on the date of mailing, without charge promptly after receipt of a written request therefor. Under certain circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights issued to, or held by, any Person who is, was or becomes an Acquiring Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement), whether currently held by or on behalf of such Person or by any subsequent holder, may become null and void. With respect to any Book Entry shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, such legend shall be included in a notice to the registered holder of such shares in accordance with applicable law. With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, or any notice of the foregoing legend delivered to holders of Book Entry shares, until the earlier of the (i) Distribution Date or (ii) the Expiration Date, the Rights associated with the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock represented by such certificates or Book Entry shares shall be evidenced by such certificates or Book Entry shares alone and registered holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights, and the transfer of any of such certificates or Book Entry shares shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock represented thereby. The failure of any such legend to be included on any such certificate or of any such notice to be given shall not affect the validity of enforceability of this Agreement. Section 4. Form of Rights Certificates. (a) The Rights Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall each be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto and may have such marks of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any stock exchange on which the Rights may from time to time be listed, or to conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 11 and Section 22 hereof, the Rights Certificates, whenever distributed, shall be dated as of the 

7 Record Date or, in the case of Rights with respect to Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock issued or becoming outstanding after the Record Date, the same date as the date of the share certificate evidencing such shares, and on their face shall entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as shall be set forth therein at the price set forth therein (such exercise price per one one-thousandth of a share, the Purchase Price), but the amount and type of securities purchasable upon the exercise of each Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. (b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 3(a), Section 11(i) or Section 22 hereof that represents Rights beneficially owned by any Person known to be: (i) an Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such, (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom such Acquiring Person has any continuing plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of a plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof, or (iv) subsequent transferees of such Persons described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence, and any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6 or Section 11 hereof upon transfer, exchange, replacement or adjustment of any other Rights Certificate referred to in this sentence, shall contain (to the extent feasible) a legend substantially in the following form: The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate are or were beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this Rights Certificate and the Rights represented hereby may become null and void in the circumstances specified in Section 7(e) of such Agreement. The absence of the foregoing legend on any Rights Certificate shall in no way affect any of the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 7(e). Section 5. Countersignature and Registration. (a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, its Vice Chairman, its Chief Executive Officer, its President or any Vice President, either manually or by facsimile signature, and shall have affixed thereto the Companys seal or a facsimile thereof which shall be attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by facsimile signature. The Rights Certificates shall be countersigned by the Rights Agent, either manually or by facsimile signature, and shall not be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Rights Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such Rights Certificates, nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as though the person who signed such Rights Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Rights Certificates may be signed on behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Rights Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Rights Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement any such person was not such an officer. (b) Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent shall keep, or cause to be kept, at its principal office or offices designated as the appropriate place for surrender of Rights Certificates upon exercise or transfer, books for registration and transfer of the Rights Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the Rights Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Rights Certificates and the date of each of the Rights Certificates. Section 6. Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates. (a) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at any time after the close of business on the Distribution Date, and at or prior to the close of business on the Expiration Date, any Rights Certificate or Certificates may be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Certificates, entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or, following a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, Class A Common Stock, other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as the 

8 Rights Certificate or Certificates surrendered then entitles such holder (or former holder in the case of a transfer) to purchase. Any registered holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Rights Certificate or Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Rights Certificate or Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any action whatsoever with respect to the transfer of any such surrendered Rights Certificate until the registered holder shall have completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of assignment on the reverse side of such Rights Certificate and shall have provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request. Thereupon the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 4(b), Section 7(e), Section 14 and Section 27 hereof, countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Rights Certificates. The Rights Agent shall promptly forward any such sum collected by it to the Company or to such Persons as the Company shall specify by written notice. (b) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at any time after the Distribution Date and prior to the Expiration Date, upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Rights Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and, at the Companys request, reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the Rights Certificate if mutilated, the Company will execute and deliver a new Rights Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for countersignature and delivery to the registered owner in lieu of the Rights Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated. Section 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights. (a) Subject to Section 7(e) and Section 27 hereof, the registered holder of any Rights Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein including, without limitation, the restrictions on exercisability set forth in Section 9(c), Section 11(a)(iii) and Section 23(a) hereof) in whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, together with payment of the aggregate Purchase Price with respect to the total number of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (or other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as to which such surrendered Rights are then exercisable, at or prior to the earliest of (i) the close of business on March 28, 2035 (the Final Expiration Date), (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed as provided in Section 23 hereof, (iii) the time at which all of the Rights (other than Rights that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) are exchanged for Class A Common Stock as provided in Section 27 hereof, (iv) the close of business on the effective date of the repeal of Section 382 or any successor statute if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that this Agreement is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of Tax Benefits, (v) the close of business on the first day of a taxable year of the Company to which the Board of Directors of the Company determines that no Tax Benefits may be carried forward, or (vi) the first anniversary of adoption of the Agreement if shareholder approval of the Agreement has not been received by or on such date (the earliest of (i) and (ii) and (iii) and (iv) and (v) and (vi) being herein referred to as the Expiration Date). (b) The Purchase Price for each one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall initially be $20.48, and shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Section 11 hereof and shall be payable in accordance with paragraph (c) below. (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, upon receipt of a Rights Certificate representing exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate duly executed, accompanied by payment, with respect to each Right so exercised, of the Purchase Price per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock (or other shares, securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) to be purchased as set forth below and an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax, the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 20(k) hereof, thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any transfer agent of the shares of Preferred Stock (or make available, if the Rights Agent is the transfer agent for such shares) certificates for the total number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer agent to comply with all such requests, or (B) if the Company shall have elected to deposit the total number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise 

9 of the Rights hereunder with a depositary agent, requisition from the depositary agent depositary receipts representing such number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as are to be purchased (in which case certificates for the shares of Preferred Stock represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent with the depositary agent) and the Company shall direct the depositary agent to comply with such request, requisition from the Company the amount of cash, if any, to be paid in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii) after receipt of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause the same to be delivered to, or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such holder, and (iv) after receipt thereof, deliver such cash described in clause (ii) hereof, if any, to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate. The payment of the Purchase Price (as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof) shall be made in cash or by certified bank check or bank draft payable to the order of the Company. In the event that the Company is obligated to issue other securities (including Class A Common Stock) of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other property pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the Company will make all arrangements necessary so that such other securities, cash and/or other property are available for distribution by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate. The Company reserves the right to require prior to the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event that, upon any exercise of Rights, a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred Stock would be issued. (d) In case the registered holder of any Rights Certificate shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Rights Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Rights Agent and delivered to, or upon the order of, the registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such holder, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof. (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, from and after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, any Rights beneficially owned by any Person known to be (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such, (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom the Acquiring Person has any continuing plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer which the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of a plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this Section 7(e), or (iv) subsequent transferees of such Persons described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence, shall become null and void without any further action and no holder of such Rights shall have any rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights, whether under any provision of this Agreement or otherwise. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to insure that the provisions of this Section 7(e) and Section 4(b) hereof are complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Rights Certificates or other Person as a result of its failure to make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or any of its Affiliates, Associates or transferees hereunder. (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake any action with respect to a registered holder upon the occurrence of any purported exercise as set forth in this Section 7 unless such registered holder shall have (i) properly completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Rights Certificate surrendered for such exercise, and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request. Section 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates. All Rights Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Rights Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Rights Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Rights Agent shall deliver all canceled Rights Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such canceled Rights Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company. 

10 Section 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock. (a) The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, out of its authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock and/or other securities or out of its authorized and issued shares held in its treasury), the number of shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, Class A Common Stock and/or other securities) that, as provided in this Agreement, including Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights. (b) So long as the shares of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, Class A Common Stock and/or other securities) issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights may be listed on any national securities exchange, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause, from and after such time as the Rights become exercisable, all shares reserved for such issuance to be listed on such exchange upon official notice of issuance upon such exercise. (c) The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) file, as soon as practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event on which the consideration to be delivered by the Company upon exercise of the Rights has been determined in accordance with Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act) with respect to the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, (ii) cause such registration statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing, and (iii) cause such registration statement to remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the earlier of (A) the date as of which the Rights are no longer exercisable for such securities, and (B) the date of the expiration of the Rights. The Company will also take such action as may be appropriate under, or to ensure compliance with, the securities or blue sky laws of the various states in connection with the exercisability of the Rights. The Company may temporarily suspend, for a period of time not to exceed ninety (90) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of the first sentence of this Section 9(c), the exercisability of the Rights in order to prepare and file such registration statement and permit it to become effective. Upon any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the suspension has been rescinded. In addition, if the Company shall determine that a registration statement is required following the Distribution Date, the Company may temporarily suspend the exercisability of the Rights until such time as a registration statement has been declared effective. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction if the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained, the exercise thereof shall not be permitted under applicable law or a registration statement shall not have been declared effective. (d) The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as may be necessary to ensure that all one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (and, following the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, Class A Common Stock) delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such shares (or Units) (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable. (e) The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Rights Certificates and of any certificates for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer or delivery of Rights Certificates to a Person other than, or the issuance or delivery of a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) in respect of a name other than that of, the registered holder of the Rights Certificates evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any certificates for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) in a name other than that of the registered holder upon the exercise of any Rights until such tax shall have been paid (any such tax being payable by the holder of such Rights Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been established to the Companys satisfaction that no such tax is due. Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date. Each Person in whose name any certificate for a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) is issued upon the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such fractional shares of Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Rights 

11 Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price (and all applicable transfer taxes) was made; provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares (fractional or otherwise) on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on which the Preferred Stock (or Class A Common Stock) transfer books of the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a Rights Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to shares for which the Rights shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except as provided herein. Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares or Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number and kind of shares covered by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 11. (a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time after the date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Stock payable in shares of Preferred Stock, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Stock, (C) combine the outstanding Preferred Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Preferred Stock (including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation), except as otherwise provided in this Section 11(a) and Section 7(e) hereof, the Purchase Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or of the effective date of such subdivision, combination or reclassification, and the number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, issuable on such date, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any Right exercised after such time shall be entitled to receive, upon payment of the Purchase Price then in effect, the aggregate number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, which, if such Right had been exercised immediately prior to such date and at a time when the Preferred Stock transfer books of the Company were open, such holder would have owned upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification; provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, issuable upon exercise of one Right. If an event occurs which would require an adjustment under both this Section 11(a)(i) and Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, the adjustment provided for in this Section 11(a)(i) shall be in addition to, and shall be made prior to, any adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof. (ii) Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 27, in the event any Person shall become an Acquiring Person, then, promptly following the occurrence of such event, proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right (except as provided below and in Section 7(e) hereof) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise thereof at the then current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in lieu of a number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company as shall equal the result obtained by (x) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the then number of one one- thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, and (y) dividing that product (which, following such first occurrence, shall thereafter be referred to as the Purchase Price for each Right and for all purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of the Current Market Price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Class A Common Stock on the date of such first occurrence (such number of shares, the Adjustment Shares). (iii) In the event that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which are authorized by the Companys Certificate of Incorporation but not outstanding, subscribed for or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon exercise of the Rights are not sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii) of this Section 11(a), the Company shall (A) determine the value of the Adjustment Shares issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the Current Value), and (B) with respect to each Right (subject to Section 7(e) hereof), make adequate provision to substitute for the Adjustment Shares, upon the exercise of a Right and payment of the applicable Purchase Price, (1) cash, (2) a reduction in the Purchase Price, (3) other equity securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares, or units of shares, of preferred stock, such as the Preferred Stock, which the Board of Directors of the Company has deemed to have essentially the same value or economic rights as shares of Class A Common Stock), (4) debt securities of the Company, (5) other assets, or (6) any combination of the 

12 foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to the Current Value (less the amount of any reduction in the Purchase Price), where such aggregate value has been determined by the Board based upon the advice of a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by the Board; provided, however, that if the Company shall not have made adequate provision to deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty (30) days following the later of (x) the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event and (y) the date on which the Companys right of redemption pursuant to Section 23(a) expires (the later of (x) and (y) being referred to herein as the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date), then the Company shall be obligated to deliver, upon the surrender for exercise of a Right and without requiring payment of the Purchase Price, shares of Class A Common Stock (to the extent available), and then, if necessary, cash, which shares and/or cash have an aggregate value equal to the Spread. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term Spread shall mean the excess of (i) the Current Value over (ii) the Purchase Price. If the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith that it is likely that sufficient additional shares of Class A Common Stock could be authorized for issuance upon exercise in full of the Rights, the thirty (30) day period set forth above may be extended to the extent necessary, but not more than ninety (90) days after the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may seek stockholder approval for the authorization of such additional shares (such thirty (30) day period, as it may be extended, is herein called the Substitution Period). To the extent that the Company determines that action should be taken pursuant to the first and/or third sentences of this Section 11(a)(iii), the Company (1) shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, that such action shall apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights, and (2) may suspend the exercisability of the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution Period in order to seek such stockholder approval for such authorization of additional shares and/or to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be made pursuant to such first sentence and to determine the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iii), the value of each Adjustment Share shall be the Current Market Price per share of the Class A Common Stock on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and the per share or per unit value of any Class A Common Stock Equivalent shall be deemed to equal the Current Market Price per share of the Class A Common Stock on such date. (b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase (for a period expiring within forty-five (45) calendar days after such record date) Preferred Stock (or shares having the same rights, privileges and preferences as the shares of Preferred Stock (Equivalent Preferred Stock)) or securities convertible into Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Stock at a price per share of Preferred Stock or per share of Equivalent Preferred Stock (or having a conversion price per share, if a security convertible into Preferred Stock or Equivalent Preferred Stock) less than the Current Market Price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock on such record date, the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on such record date, plus the number of shares of Preferred Stock which the aggregate offering price of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent Preferred Stock so to be offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible securities so to be offered) would purchase at such Current Market Price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on such record date, plus the number of additional shares of Preferred Stock and/or Equivalent Preferred Stock to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible securities so to be offered are initially convertible); provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, issuable upon exercise of one Right. In case such subscription price may be paid by delivery of consideration part or all of which may be in a form other than cash, the value of such consideration shall be as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding on the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights. Shares of Preferred Stock owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the event that such rights or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed. 

13 (c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for a distribution to all holders of Preferred Stock (including any such distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing corporation) of cash (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend out of the earnings or retained earnings of the Company), assets (other than a dividend payable in Preferred Stock, but including any dividend payable in stock other than Preferred Stock) or evidences of indebtedness, or of subscription rights or warrants (excluding those referred to in Section 11(b) hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Current Market Price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock on such record date, less the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion of the cash, assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such subscription rights or warrants applicable to a share of Preferred Stock and the denominator of which shall be such Current Market Price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per share of Preferred Stock; provided, however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, issuable upon exercise of one Right. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would have been in effect if such record date had not been fixed. (d) (i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, other than computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the Current Market Price per share of Class A Common Stock on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per share of such Class A Common Stock for the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to such date, and for purposes of computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the Current Market Price per share of Class A Common Stock on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per share of such Class A Common Stock for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days immediately following such date; provided, however, that in the event that the Current Market Price per share of the Class A Common Stock is determined during a period following the announcement by the issuer of such Class A Common Stock of (A) a dividend or distribution on such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock or securities convertible into shares of such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (other than the Rights), or (B) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, and the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification shall not have occurred prior to the commencement of the requisite thirty (30) Trading Day or ten (10) Trading Day period, as set forth above, then, and in each such case, the Current Market Price shall be properly adjusted to take into account ex-dividend trading. The closing price for each day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ or, if the shares of Class A Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the shares of Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading or, if the shares of Class A Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market or such other system then in use, or, if on any such date the shares of Class A Common Stock is not so quoted, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Class A Common Stock selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date no market maker is making a market in the Class A Common Stock, the fair value of such shares on such date as determined in good faith by the Board shall be used. The term Trading Day shall mean a day on which the principal national securities exchange on which the shares of Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if the shares of Class A Common Stock is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day. If the Class A Common Stock is not publicly held or not so listed or traded, Current Market Price per share shall mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by the Board, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes. (ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the Current Market Price per share of Preferred Stock shall be determined in the same manner as set forth above for the Class A Common Stock in clause (i) of this Section 11(d) (other than the last sentence thereof). If the Current Market Price per share 

14 of Preferred Stock cannot be determined in the manner provided above or if the Preferred Stock is not publicly held or listed or traded in a manner described in clause (i) of this Section 11(d), the Current Market Price per share of Preferred Stock shall be conclusively deemed to be an amount equal to 1,000 (as such number may be appropriately adjusted for such events as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the Class A Common Stock occurring after the date of this Agreement) multiplied by the Current Market Price per share of the Class A Common Stock. If neither the Class A Common Stock nor the Preferred Stock is publicly held or so listed or traded, Current Market Price per share of the Preferred Stock shall mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Current Market Price of a Unit shall be equal to the Current Market Price of one share of Preferred Stock divided by 1,000. (e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this Section 11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one-thousandth of a share of Class A Common Stock or other share of capital stock or one-ten millionth of a share of Preferred Stock, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier of (i) three (3) years from the date of the transaction which mandates such adjustment, or (ii) the Expiration Date. (f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than Preferred Stock, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise of any Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Preferred Stock contained in Sections 11(a), (b), (c), (e), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k) and (m), and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10 and 14 hereof with respect to the Preferred Stock shall apply on like terms to any such other shares. (g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one- thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein. (h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right outstanding immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock (calculated to the nearest one-ten millionth of a share of Preferred Stock) obtained by: (i) multiplying (x) the number of one one-thousandths of a share covered by a Right immediately prior to this adjustment, by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment of the Purchase Price, and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase Price. (i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in lieu of any adjustment in the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights outstanding after the adjustment in the number of Rights shall be exercisable for the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one one-thousandth) obtained by dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of its election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the adjustment, and, if known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made. This record date may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day 

15 thereafter, but, if the Rights Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten (10) days later than the date of the public announcement. If Rights Certificates have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section 11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be distributed to holders of record of Rights Certificates on such record date Rights Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the additional Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders of record in substitution and replacement for the Rights Certificates held by such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new Rights Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders shall be entitled after such adjustment. Rights Certificates so to be distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner provided for herein (and may bear, at the option of the Company, the adjusted Purchase Price) and shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Rights Certificates on the record date specified in the public announcement. (j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price or the number of one one- thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Rights, the Rights Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price per one one-thousandth of a share and the number of one one-thousandths of a share which were expressed in the initial Rights Certificates issued hereunder. (k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment reducing the Purchase Price below the then par value, if any, of the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Rights, the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable such number of one one- thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock at such adjusted Purchase Price. (l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such event the issuance to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holders right to receive such additional shares (fractional or otherwise) or securities upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment. (m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and to the extent that in their good faith judgment the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine to be advisable in order that any (i) consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred Stock, (ii) issuance wholly for cash of any shares of Preferred Stock at less than the Current Market Price, (iii) issuance wholly for cash of shares of Preferred Stock or securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Preferred Stock, (iv) stock dividends or (v) issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to in this Section 11, hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Stock shall not be taxable to such stockholders. (n) The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not, at any time after the Distribution Date, (i) consolidate with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), (ii) merge with or into any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or (iii) sell or transfer (or permit any Subsidiary to sell or transfer), in one transaction, or a series of related transactions, assets, cash flow or earning power aggregating more than 50% of the assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), if at the time of or immediately after such consolidation, merger or sale there are any rights, warrants or other instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in effect which would substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights. (o) The Company covenants and agrees that, after the Distribution Date, it will not, except as permitted by Section 23 or Section 26 hereof, take (or permit any Subsidiary to take) any action if at the time such action is taken it is reasonably foreseeable that such action will diminish substantially or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights. 

16 (p) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the Company shall at any time after the Rights Dividend Declaration Date and prior to the Distribution Date (i) declare a dividend on the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine or consolidate the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the number of Rights associated with each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock then outstanding, or issued or delivered thereafter but prior to the Distribution Date, shall be proportionately adjusted so that the number of Rights thereafter associated with each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock following any such event shall equal the result obtained by multiplying the number of Rights associated with each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock immediately prior to such event by a fraction the numerator which shall be the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the event and the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately following the occurrence of such event. Section 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 hereof, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Rights Agent, and with each transfer agent for the Preferred Stock, the Class A Common Stock or the Class B Common Stock, a copy of such certificate, and (c) mail a brief summary thereof to each holder of a Rights Certificate (or, if prior to the Distribution Date, to each holder of a certificate representing shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock or Book Entry shares in respect thereof) in accordance with Section 25 hereof. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such certificate and on any adjustment therein contained. Section 13. [RESERVED] Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares. (a) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights, except prior to the Distribution Date as provided in Section 11(p) hereof, or to distribute Rights Certificates which evidence fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right. For purposes of this Section 14(a), the current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would have been otherwise issuable. The closing price of the Rights for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or admitted to trading, or if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market or such system then in use or, if on any such date the Rights are not so quoted, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date no such market maker is making a market in the Rights the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used. (b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock) upon exercise of the Rights or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Preferred Stock (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock). In lieu of fractional shares of Preferred Stock that are not integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, the Company may pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock. For purposes of this Section 14(b), the current market value of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock shall be one one-thousandth of the closing price of a share of Preferred Stock (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(ii) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise. 

17 (c) Following the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, the Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Rights or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Class A Common Stock. In lieu of fractional shares of Class A Common Stock, the Company may pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of one (1) share of Class A Common Stock. For purposes of this Section 14(c), the current market value of one (1) share of Class A Common Stock shall be the closing price of one (1) share of Class A Common Stock (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise. (d) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Rights expressly waives his or her right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional shares upon exercise of a Right, except as permitted by this Section 14. Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this Agreement, except the rights of action that are given to the Rights Agent under Section 18 hereof, are vested in the respective registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock); and any registered holder of any Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock), without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock), may, in such holders own behalf and for such holders own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, such holders right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate in the manner provided in such Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and shall be entitled to specific performance of the obligations hereunder and injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations of the obligations hereunder of any Person subject to this Agreement. Section 16. Agreement of Rights Holders. Every holder of a Right by accepting the same consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that: (a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock; (b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates are transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purposes, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and with the appropriate forms and certificates fully executed; (c) subject to Section 6(a) and Section 7(f) hereof, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the Person in whose name a Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Class A Common Stock certificate or Class B Common Stock certificate (or Book Entry shares in respect of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock)) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Rights Certificates or the associated Class A Common Stock certificate or Class B Common Stock certificate (or notices provided to holders of Book Entry shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent, subject to the last sentence of Section 7(e) hereof, shall be required to be affected by any notice to the contrary; and (d) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to any holder of a Right or other Person as a result of its inability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued by a court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated or enacted by any governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company must use its best efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise overturned as soon as possible. Section 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. No holder, as such, of any Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of one 

18 one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein or in any Rights Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Rights Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in Section 24 hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate shall have been exercised in accordance with the provisions hereof. Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and disbursements and other disbursements incurred in the administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability, or expense, incurred without gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including the costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the premises. In no case shall the Rights Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage. (b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in connection with its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any Rights Certificate or certificate for Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock or for other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons. Section 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent. (a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate trust, stock transfer or other shareholder services business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; but only if such corporation would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21 hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this Agreement, any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of a predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in the name of the predecessor or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement. (b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be changed and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement. Section 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes only the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement (and no implied duties) upon the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Rights Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound: 

19 (a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion. (b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter (including, without limitation, the identity of any Acquiring Person and the determination of Current Market Price) be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate. (c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. (d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the Rights Certificates or be required to verify the same (except as to its countersignature on such Rights Certificates), but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only. (e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any Rights Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Rights Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for any adjustment required under the provisions of Section 11 or Section 13 hereof or responsible for the manner, method or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Rights Certificates after actual notice of any such adjustment); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Class A Common Stock or Preferred Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Rights Certificate or as to whether any shares of Class A Common Stock or Preferred Stock will, when so issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable. (f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement. (g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its duties, and it shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer. (h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity. (i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct; provided, however, reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof. 

20 (j) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder through any corporate trust, stock issuance or stock transfer powers as may be reasonably determine is necessary for such purpose. (k) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if there shall be reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. (l) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the form of assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has either not been completed or indicates an affirmative response to clause 1 and/or 2 thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to such requested exercise of transfer without first consulting with the Company. Section 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days notice in writing mailed to the Company, and to each transfer agent of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock, by registered or certified mail, and, if such resignation occurs after the Distribution Date, to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates by first-class mail. The Company may, in its sole discretion, remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent upon thirty (30) days notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock, by registered or certified mail, and, if such resignation occurs after the Distribution Date, to the holders of the Rights Certificates by first-class mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after giving notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Rights Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company), then any registered holder of any Rights Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be either (a) a legal business entity organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or of any state of the United States, in good standing, which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 or (b) an Affiliate of a legal business entity described in clause (a) of this sentence. After appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and the Preferred Stock, and, if such appointment occurs after the Distribution Date, mail a notice thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be. Section 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Rights Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Class B Common Stock following the Distribution Date and prior to the redemption or expiration of the Rights, the Company (a) shall, with respect to shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Class B Common Stock so issued or sold pursuant to the exercise of stock options or under any employee plan or arrangement, granted or awarded as of the Distribution Date, or upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities hereinafter issued by the Company, and (b) may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company, issue Rights Certificates representing the appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale; provided, however, that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent 

21 that, the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance would create a significant risk of material adverse tax consequences to the Company or the Person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued, and (ii) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that, appropriate adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance thereof. Section 23. Redemption and Termination. (a) The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option, at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth day following the Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the Stock Acquisition Date shall have occurred prior to the Record Date, the close of business on the twentieth day following the Record Date), or (ii) the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but not less than all the then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $0.001 per Right, as such amount may be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof (such redemption price being hereinafter referred to as the Redemption Price). Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event until such time as the Companys right of redemption hereunder has expired. The Company may, at its option, pay the Redemption Price in cash, shares of Class A Common Stock (based on the Current Market Price, as defined in Section 11(d)(i) hereof, of the Class A Common Stock at the time of redemption) or any other form of consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors. (b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall have been filed with the Rights Agent and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price for each Right so held. Promptly after the action of the Board of Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall give notice of such redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights by mailing such notice to all such holders at each holders last address as it appears upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price will be made. Section 24. Notice of Certain Events. (a) In case the Company shall propose, at any time after the Distribution Date, (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to the holders of Preferred Stock or to make any other distribution to the holders of Preferred Stock (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend out of earnings or retained earnings of the Company), or (ii) to offer to the holders of Preferred Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase any additional shares of Preferred Stock or shares of stock of any class or any other securities, rights or options, or (iii) to effect any reclassification of its Preferred Stock (other than a reclassification involving only the subdivision of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock), or (iv) to effect any consolidation or merger into or with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or to effect any sale or other transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries to effect any sale or other transfer), in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of more than 50% of the assets, cash flow or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or (v) to effect the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, then, in each such case, the Company shall give to each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the extent feasible and in accordance with Section 25 hereof, a notice of such proposed action, which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such stock dividend, distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation, dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date of participation therein by the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock, if any such date is to be fixed, and such notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date for determining holders of the shares of Preferred Stock for purposes of such action, and in the case of any such other action, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date of the taking of such proposed action or the date of participation therein by the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock, whichever shall be the earlier. (b) In case any of the events set forth in Section 11(a)(ii) hereof shall occur, then, in any such case, (i) the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the extent feasible and in accordance with Section 25 hereof, a notice of the occurrence of such event, which shall specify the 

22 event and the consequences of the event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii) hereof, and (ii) all references in the preceding paragraph to Preferred Stock shall be deemed thereafter to refer to Class A Common Stock and/or, if appropriate, other securities. (c) The failure to give any notice provided for herein shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any action intended to be the subject thereof. Section 25. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows: Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 10th Floor Reston, Virginia 20190 Attention: Chief Executive Officer With a copy to: Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 1900 Reston Metro Plaza, 10th Floor Reston, Virginia 20190 Attention: General Counsel Subject to the provisions of Section 21, any notice or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any Rights Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Company) as follows: Equiniti Trust Company, LLC 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor New York, NY 10005 Attention: Corporate Trust Department With a copy to: Equiniti Trust Company, LLC 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor New York, NY 10005 Attention: Legal Department Email: LegalTeamUS@equiniti.com Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Rights Certificate (or, if prior to the Distribution Date, to the holder of certificates representing shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock) shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry books of the Company. Section 26. Supplements and Amendments. Prior to the Distribution Date and subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 26, the Company and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any provision of this Agreement without the approval of any holders of certificates representing shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. From and after the Distribution Date and subject to the penultimate sentence of this Section 26, the Company and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights Certificates in order (i) to cure any ambiguity, (ii) to correct or supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, (iii) to shorten or lengthen any time period hereunder, or (iv) to change or supplement the provisions hereunder in any manner which the Company may deem necessary or desirable and which shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights Certificates (other than an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring 

23 Person); provided, however, this Agreement may not be supplemented or amended to lengthen, pursuant to clause (iii) of this sentence, (A) a time period relating to when the Rights may be redeemed at such time as the Rights are not then redeemable, or (B) any other time period unless such lengthening is for the purpose of protecting, enhancing or clarifying the rights of, and/or the benefits to, the holders of Rights. Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company which states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 26, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no supplement or amendment shall be made which changes the Redemption Price, the Purchase Price or the number of one one-thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right is exercisable or which extends the Final Expiration Date, and following the first occurrence of an event set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of the first sentence of Section 23(a) hereof, any supplement or amendment shall require the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Prior to the Distribution Date, the interests of the holders of Rights shall be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Section 27. Exchange. (a) The Company may, at its option, at any time after the Stock Acquisition Date, upon resolution by the Board of Directors of the Company, exchange all or part of the then outstanding Rights (which shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) for Class A Common Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Class A Common Stock per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date of this Agreement (such exchange ratio being hereinafter referred to as the Section 27(a)(i) Exchange Ratio). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may not effect such exchange at any time after any Acquiring Person, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Acquiring Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or shares of Class B Common Stock representing 50% or more of the voting power represented by the shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding. The exchange of the Rights by the Board of Directors of the Company may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion may establish. Prior to effecting an exchange pursuant to this Section 27, the Board of Directors of the Company may direct the Company to enter into a trust agreement in such form and with such terms as the Board of Directors of the Company shall then approve (the Trust Agreement). If the Board of Directors of the Company so directs, the Company shall enter into the Trust Agreement and shall issue to the trust created by such agreement (the Trust) all of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exchange, and all Persons entitled to receive shares pursuant to the exchange shall be entitled to receive such shares (and any dividends or distributions made thereon after the date on which such shares are deposited in the Trust) only from the Trust and solely upon compliance with the relevant terms and provisions of the Trust Agreement. (b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section 27 and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Section 27(a)(i) Exchange Ratio. The Company shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange; provided, however, that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity of such exchange. The Company promptly shall mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by which the exchange of the shares of Class A Common Stock for Rights will be effected and, in the event of any partial exchange, the number of Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) held by each holder of Rights. (c) In the event that there shall not be sufficient shares of Class A Common Stock issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued (and unreserved) to permit any exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 27, the Company shall make adequate provision to substitute, to the extent that there are insufficient shares of Class A Common Stock available (1) cash, (2) other equity securities of the Company, (3) debt securities of the Company, (4) other assets or (5) any combination of the foregoing, having an aggregate value per Right equal to the then current per share market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) of the Class A 

24 Common Stock multiplied by the Section 27(a)(i) Exchange Ratio, where such aggregate value has been determined by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company, after receiving advice from a nationally recognized investment banking firm. To the extent that the Company determines that any such substitution must be made, the Company shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, that such substitution shall apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights. (d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of shares of Class A Common Stock or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional shares of Class A Common Stock. In lieu of such fractional shares of Class A Common Stock, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional shares of Class A Common Stock would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole share of Class A Common Stock. For the purposes of this paragraph (d), the current market value of a whole share of Class A Common Stock shall be the closing price of a share of Class A Common Stock (as determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of the exchange pursuant to this Section 27. Section 28. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder. Section 29. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc. Without limitation of Section 1(c), any calculation of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock outstanding at any particular time, including for purposes of determining the particular percentage of such outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors of the Company (with, where specifically provided for herein, the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company) shall have the exclusive power and authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and powers specifically granted to the Board (with, where specifically provided for herein, the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company) or to the Company, or as may be necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right and power to (i) interpret the provisions of this Agreement, and (ii) make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of this Agreement (including a determination to redeem or not redeem the Rights or to amend the Agreement). All such actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations which are done or made by the Board (with, where specifically provided for herein, the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company) in good faith, shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent, the holders of the Rights and all other parties. Section 30. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, registered holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, registered holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock). Section 31. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such court or authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable and the Board of Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment that severing the invalid language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or effect of this Agreement, the right of redemption set forth in Section 23 hereof shall be reinstated and shall not expire until the close of business on the twentieth day following the date of such determination by the Board of Directors. Section 32. Governing Law. This Agreement, each Right and each Rights Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such state. 

25 Section 33. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Section 34. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof and the words herein, hereof, hereby, hereto, hereunder and words of similar import are references to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular section or other provision hereof. [SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS] 

26 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. By: /s/ Christopher Clemente Name: Christopher Clemente Title: Chief Executive Officer EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC By: /s/ Michael Legregin Name: Michael Legregin Title: Senior Vice President 

A-1 EXHIBIT A Form of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. Section 1. Designation and Amount. The shares of such series shall be designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 50,000. Section 2. Dividends and Distributions. (a) The holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, in an amount per share (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1.00 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the Class A Common Stock) or a dividend payable in shares of Class B Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the Class B Common Stock) since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after March 28, 2025 (the Rights Declaration Date) (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (b) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Paragraph (A) above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock); provided that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $1.00 per share on the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. (c) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a 

A-2 record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof. Section 3. Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: (a) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. (b) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. (c) (i) If at any time dividends on any Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, the occurrence of such contingency shall mark the beginning of a period (herein called a default period) which shall extend until such time when all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on all shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set apart for payment. During each default period, all holders of Preferred Stock (including holders of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) with dividends in arrears in an amount equal to six (6) quarterly dividends thereon, voting as a class, irrespective of series, shall have the right to elect two (2) Directors. (ii) During any default period, such voting right of the holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at a special meeting called pursuant to subparagraph (iii) of this Section 3(c) or at any annual meeting of stockholders, and thereafter at annual meetings of stockholders, provided that such voting right shall not be exercised unless the holders of ten percent (10%) in number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding shall be present in person or by proxy. The absence of a quorum of the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the holders of Preferred Stock of such voting right. At any meeting at which the holders of Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting right initially during an existing default period, they shall have the right, voting as a class, to elect Directors to fill such vacancies, if any, in the Board of Directors as may then exist up to two (2) Directors or, if such right is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two (2) Directors from the class of Directors being elected at such annual meeting. If the number which may be so elected at any special meeting does not amount to the required number, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such increase in the number of Directors in the class elected at the most recent annual meeting of stockholders as shall be necessary to permit the election by them of the required number. After the holders of the Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect Directors in any default period and during the continuance of such period, the number of Directors shall not be increased or decreased except by vote of the holders of Preferred Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities ranking senior to or pari passu with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. (iii) Unless the holders of Preferred Stock shall, during an existing default period, have previously exercised their right to elect Directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding, irrespective of series, may request, the calling of a special meeting of the holders of Preferred Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be called by the President, a Vice-President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of 

A-3 Preferred Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to this Paragraph (c)(iii) shall be given to each holder of record of Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to such holder at such holders last address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than twenty (20) days and not later than sixty (60) days after such order or request, or in default of the calling of such meeting within sixty (60) days after such order or request, such meeting may be called on similar notice by any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than ten percent (10%) of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Paragraph (c)(iii), no such special meeting shall be called during the period within sixty (60) days immediately preceding the date fixed for the next annual meeting of the stockholders. (iv) In any default period, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, and other classes of stock of the Corporation if applicable, shall continue to be entitled to elect the whole number of Directors until the holders of Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two (2) Directors voting as a class, after the exercise of which right (x) the Directors so elected by the holders of Preferred Stock shall continue in office until their successors shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the default period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided in Paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 3) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining Directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of stock which elected the Director whose office shall have become vacant. References in this Paragraph (c) to Directors elected by the holders of a particular class of stock shall include Directors elected by such Directors to fill vacancies as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence. (v) Immediately upon the expiration of a default period, (x) the right of the holders of Preferred Stock as a class to elect Directors shall cease, (y) the term of any Directors elected by the holders of Preferred Stock as a class shall terminate, and (z) the number of Directors shall be such number as may be provided for in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Corporation irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section 3 (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in any manner provided by law or in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Corporation). Any vacancies in the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the remaining Directors. (d) Except as set forth herein, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action. Section 4. Certain Restrictions. (a) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 hereof are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not: (i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; (ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior 

A-4 (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock; or (iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, or any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such shares upon such terms as the Board of Directors, after consideration of the respective annual dividend rates and other relative rights and preferences of the respective series and classes, shall determine in good faith will result in fair and equitable treatment among the respective series or classes. (b) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under Paragraph (a) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein. Section 6. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. (a) Upon any liquidation (voluntary or otherwise), dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall have received an amount equal to $1,000 per share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not declared, to the date of such payment (the Series A Liquidation Preference). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference, no additional distributions shall be made to the holders of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock unless, prior thereto, the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall have received an amount per share (the Common Adjustment) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Series A Liquidation Preference by (ii) 1,000 (as appropriately adjusted as set forth in subparagraph (c) below to reflect such events as stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalizations with respect to the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock) (such number in clause (ii), the Adjustment Number). Following the payment of the full amount of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the Common Adjustment in respect of all outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively, holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock and holders of shares of Class B Common Stock shall receive their ratable and proportionate share of the remaining assets to be distributed in the ratio of the Adjustment Number to 1 (with respect to such Preferred Stock) (with respect to such Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock) on a per share basis. (b) In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Series A Liquidation Preference and the liquidation preferences of all other series of Preferred Stock, if any, which rank on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of such parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences. In the event, however, that there are not sufficient assets available to permit payment in full of the Common Adjustment, then such remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. (c) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Adjustment Number in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such Adjustment Number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and 

A-5 Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an amount per share (subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock payable in shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. Section 8. No Redemption. The shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable. Section 9. Amendment. The certificate of incorporation of the Corporation shall not be further amended in any manner which would materially alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class. Section 10. Fractional Shares. Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock may be issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holders fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. 

B-1 Exhibit B [Form of Rights Certificate] Certificate No. R- Rights NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER MARCH 28, 2035 OR EARLIER IF REDEEMED BY THE COMPANY. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION, AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, AT $0.001 PER RIGHT ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF SUCH RIGHTS MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID. [THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT). ACCORDINGLY, THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 7(e) OF SUCH AGREEMENT.] Rights Certificate COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. This certifies that [ ], or registered assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025 (the Rights Agreement), between Comstock Holding Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, a New York limited liability company (the Rights Agent), to purchase from the Company at any time prior to 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on March 28, 2035 ] at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or its successors as Rights Agent, one one- thousandth of a fully paid, non-assessable share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock) of the Company, at a purchase price of $20.48 per one one-thousandth of a share (the Purchase Price), upon presentation and surrender of this Rights Certificate with the Form of Election to Purchase and related Certificate duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (and the number of shares which may be purchased upon exercise thereof) set forth above, and the Purchase Price per share set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as of March 28, 2025 based on the Preferred Stock as constituted at such date. The Company reserves the right to require prior to the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) that a number of Rights be exercised so that only whole shares of Preferred Stock will be issued. Upon the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement), if the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate are beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement), (ii) a transferee of any such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate, or (iii) under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement, a transferee of a person who, after such transfer, became an Acquiring Person, or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person, such Rights shall become null and void and no holder hereof shall have any right with respect to such Rights from and after the occurrence of such Section 11(a)(ii) Event. As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number and kind of shares of Preferred Stock or other securities, which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events, including a Section 11(a)(ii) Event. This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Rights Certificates, which limitations 

B-2 of rights include the temporary suspension of the exercisability of such Rights under the specific circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the above-mentioned office of the Rights Agent and are also available upon written request to the Rights Agent. This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates, upon surrender at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate number of one one- thousandths of a share of Preferred Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this Rights Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised. Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced by this Certificate may be redeemed by the Company at its option at a redemption price of $0.001 per Right at any time prior to the earlier of the close of business on (i) the tenth day following the Stock Acquisition Date (as such time period may be extended pursuant to the Rights Agreement), and (ii) the Final Expiration Date. In addition, the Rights may be exchanged, in whole or in part, for shares of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or shares of preferred stock of the Company having essentially the same value or economic rights as such shares. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing any such exchange, and without any further action or any notice, the Rights (other than Rights which are not subject to such exchange) will terminate and the Rights will only enable holders to receive the shares issuable upon such exchange. Under certain circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement, the decision to redeem the Rights shall require the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. No fractional shares of Preferred Stock will be issued upon the exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are integral multiples of one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, which may, at the election of the Company, be evidenced by depositary receipts), but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement. No holder of this Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of shares of Preferred Stock or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give consent to or withhold consent from any corporate action, or, to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement. This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent. WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of _______________________ Attest: COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC. By: By: Name: Name: Title: Title: Countersigned: 

B-3 Attest: EQUINITI TRUST COMPANY, LLC By: Authorized Signature By: Name: Name: Title Title: 

[Form of Reverse Side of Rights Certificate] FORM OF ASSIGNMENT (To be executed by the registered holder if such holder desires to transfer the Rights Certificate.) FOR VALUE RECEIVED hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto (Please print name and address of transferee) this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney, to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution. Dated: Signature: Signature Guaranteed: Certificate The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes that: (1) this Rights Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold, assigned and transferred by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement); (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or subsequently became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person. Dated: Signature: Signature Guaranteed: NOTICE The signature to the foregoing Assignment and Certificate must correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE (To be executed if holder desires to exercise Rights represented by the Rights Certificate.) To: COMSTOCK HOLDING COMPANIES, INC.: The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise ___________ Rights represented by this Rights Certificate to purchase the shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Rights (or such other securities of the Company or of any other person which may be issuable upon the exercise of the Rights) and requests that certificates for such shares be issued in the name of and delivered to: Please insert social security or other identifying number ____________________________ (Please print name and address): If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance of such Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to: Please insert social security or other identifying number (Please print name and address): Dated: Signature: Signature Guaranteed: Certificate The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes that: (1) the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate [ ] are [ ] are not being exercised by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement); (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person. Dated: Signature: Signature Guaranteed: NOTICE The signature to the foregoing Election to Purchase and Certificate must correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

C-1 Exhibit C SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK On March 12, 2025, the Board of Directors of Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. (the Company) approved the adoption and execution of a Section 382 Rights Agreement and declared a dividend distribution of one preferred stock purchase right (a Right) for each share of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock), and Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (Class B Common Stock), of the Company outstanding to stockholders of record at the close of business on April 14, 2025 (the Record Date). The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in the Section 382 Rights Agreement (the Rights Agreement) dated March 28, 2025 by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit (a Unit) consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock), at a Purchase Price of $20.48 per Unit (the Purchase Price), subject to adjustment. The Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Rights Agreement in an effort to protect stockholder value by attempting to continue to protect against a possible limitation on the Companys ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards (the NOLs) to reduce potential future federal income tax obligations. The Company has experienced and continues to experience substantial operating losses, and under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service, the Company may carry forward these losses in certain circumstances to offset any current and future earnings and thus reduce the Companys federal income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. To the extent that the NOLs do not otherwise become limited, the Company believes that it will be able to carry forward a significant amount of NOLs, and therefore these NOLs could be a substantial asset to the Company. However, if the Company experiences an Ownership Change, as defined in Section 382 of the Code, its ability to use the NOLs will be substantially limited, and the timing of the usage of the NOLs could be substantially delayed, which could therefore significantly impair the value of that asset. A copy of the Rights Agreement is being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form 8-A. A copy of the Rights Agreement is available free of charge from the Company. This Summary of Rights does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference. Distribution Date; Acquiring Persons; Transfer of Rights. Initially, the Rights will be attached to all Class A Common Stock certificates and Class B Common Stock certificates representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Rights Certificates will be distributed. Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Rights Agreement, the Rights will separate from the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock and a Distribution Date (as defined in the Rights Agreement) will occur upon the earlier of (i) ten days following a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons (an Acquiring Person) has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of 4.95% or more of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (the Stock Acquisition Date) or (ii) ten business days following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 4.95% or more of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. The definition of Acquiring Person excludes any Exempted Person (as defined below) and any person who would become an Acquiring Person solely as a result of an Exempted Transaction (as defined below). Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be evidenced by the Class A Common Stock certificates and the Class B Common Stock certificates (or book entry shares in respect of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) and will be transferred with and only with such Class A Common Stock certificates and the Class B Common Stock certificates (or book entry shares in respect of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock), (ii) new Class A Common Stock certificates and Class B Common Stock certificates (or book entry shares in respect of the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) after the Record Date will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference and, with respect to any uncertificated book entry shares issued after the Record Date, proper notice will be provided that incorporates the Rights Agreement by reference and (iii) the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Class A 

C-2 Common Stock or Class B Common Stock (or book entry shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock) outstanding will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock represented by such certificate or book entry shares. As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates will be mailed to holders of record of the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock as of the close of business on the Distribution Date. Thereafter, the separate Rights Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Except as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, only shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock issued prior to the Distribution Date will be issued with Rights. Exempted Persons. The following persons shall be Exempted Persons under the Rights Agreement: (i) Any person who, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, is the beneficial owner of Class A Common Stock, options and/or warrants exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding on March 28, 2025, will be an Exempted Person. However, any such person will no longer be deemed to be an Exempted Person and shall be deemed an Acquiring Person if such person, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by 0.5% or more the lowest percentage of Class A Common Stock that such person had at any time since March 28, 2025, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company. (ii) In addition, any person who, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner of Class A Common Stock, options and/or warrants exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock then outstanding as a result of a purchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of shares of Class A Common Stock will also be an Exempted Person. However, any such person will no longer be deemed to be an Exempted Person and will be deemed to be an Acquiring Person if such person, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner, at any time after the date such person became the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by 0.5% or more the lowest percentage of Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock that such person had at any time since the date such person first became the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company. (iii) In addition, any person who, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, is the beneficial owner of Class A Common Stock, options and/or warrants exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock representing 4.95% or more of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding, and whose beneficial ownership, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in its sole discretion, (x) would not jeopardize or endanger the availability to the Company of its NOLs or (y) is otherwise in the best interests of the Company, will be an Exempted Person. However, any such person will cease to be an Exempted Person if (A) such person ceases to beneficially own 4.95% or more of the shares of the then outstanding Class A Common Stock, or (B) after the date of such determination by the Board of Directors of the Company, such person, together with all affiliates and associates of such person, becomes the beneficial owner of securities representing a percentage of Class A Common Stock that exceeds by 0.5% or more the lowest percentage of Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock that such person had at any time since the date such person first became the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, except solely (x) pursuant to equity compensation awards granted to such person by the Company or as a result of an adjustment to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock represented by such equity compensation award pursuant to the terms thereof or (y) as a result of a redemption of shares of Class A Common Stock by the Company, or (C) the Board of Directors of the Company, in its sole 

C-3 discretion, makes a contrary determination with respect to the effect of such persons beneficial ownership (together with all affiliates and associates of such person) with respect to the availability to the Company of its NOLs. A purchaser, assignee or transferee of the shares of Class A Common Stock (or options or warrants exercisable for Class A Common Stock) from an Exempted Person will not thereby become an Exempted Person, except that a transferee from the estate of an Exempted Person who receives Class A Common Stock as a bequest or inheritance from an Exempted Person shall be an Exempted Person so long as such transferee continues to be the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Exempted Transactions. The following transactions shall be Exempted Transactions under the Rights Agreement: any transaction that the Board of Directors of the Company determines, in its sole discretion, is exempt from the Rights Agreement, which determination shall be made in the sole and absolute discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the date of such transaction, including, without limitation, if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that (i) neither the beneficial ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock by any person, directly or indirectly, as a result of such transaction nor any other aspect of such transaction would jeopardize or endanger the availability to the Company of the Companys tax benefits or (ii) such transaction is otherwise in the best interests of the Company. In granting an exemption for an Exempted Transaction, the Board of Directors of the Company may require any person who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person to make certain representations or undertakings or to agree that any violation or attempted violation of such representations or undertakings will result in such consequences and subject to such conditions as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine in its sole discretion, including that any such violation shall result in such person becoming an Acquiring Person. Excercisability; Expiration. The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will expire on the earliest of (i) the close of business on March 28, 2035, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the Rights Agreement, (iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged pursuant to the Rights Agreement, (iv) the repeal of Section 382 of the Code or any successor statute if the Board of Directors of the Company determines that the Rights Agreement is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of certain tax benefits, (v) the beginning of a taxable year of the Company to which the Board of Directors of the Company determines that certain tax benefits may not be carried forward, or (vi) the first anniversary of adoption of the Rights Agreement if shareholder approval of the Rights Agreement has not been received by or on such date. At no time will the Rights have any voting power. In the event that an Acquiring Person becomes the beneficial owner of 4.95% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, each holder of a Right will thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, Class A Common Stock (or, in certain circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company), having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right. The exercise price is the Purchase Price (as defined in the Rights Agreement) times the number of Units associated with each Right (initially, one). Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, following the occurrence of an Acquiring Person becoming such (a Flip-In Event), all Rights that are, or (under certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement) were, beneficially owned by any Acquiring Person will be null and void. However, Rights are not exercisable following the occurrence of a Flip-In Event until such time as the Rights are no longer redeemable by the Company as set forth below. For example, at an exercise price of $20.48 per Right, each Right distributed in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, as the case may be, not owned by an Acquiring Person (or by certain related parties) following an event set forth in the preceding paragraph would entitle its holder to purchase $40.96 worth of Class A Common Stock (or other consideration, as noted above) for $20.48. If the Class A Common Stock at the time of exercise had a market value per share of $10.24, the holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase 4 shares of Class A Common Stock for $20.48. Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends. While the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to shareholders or to the Company, shareholders may, depending upon the circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become exercisable for Class A Common Stock (or other consideration) of the Company as set forth above or in the event the Rights are redeemed. 

C-4 Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Units of Preferred Stock or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Preferred Stock, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Stock are granted certain rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Stock or convertible securities at less than the current market price of the Preferred Stock, or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Preferred Stock of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly cash dividends) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above). With certain exceptions, no adjustments in the Purchase Price will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase Price. No fractional Units will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise. Exchange. At any time after the Stock Acquisition Date, the Board of Directors of the Company may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by an Acquiring Person), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio equal to (i) a number of shares of Class A Common Stock per Right with a value equal to the spread between the value of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which the Rights may then be exercised and the Purchase Price or (ii) if prior to the acquisition by the Acquiring Person of 50% or more of the then outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, one share of Class A Common Stock per Right distributed in respect of shares of Class A Common Stock or one share of Class B Common Stock per Right distributed in respect of shares of Class B Common Stock (in each case, subject to adjustment). Redemption. At any time until ten days following the Stock Acquisition Date, the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.001 per Right. Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the $0.001 redemption price. Amendments. Other than those provisions relating to the principal economic terms of the Rights or extension of the Final Expiration Date, any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. After the Distribution Date, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board in order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes which do not adversely affect the interests of holders of Rights (excluding the interests of any Acquiring Person), or to shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement; provided, however, that no amendment to lengthen the time period governing redemption shall be made at such time as the Rights are not redeemable.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>chci-20250328.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>chci-20250328_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Cover [Abstract] 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>chci-20250328_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex31-certificateofdesign006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20002.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20003.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20004.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20005.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20006.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20007.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20008.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20009.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20010.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20011.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20012.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20013.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20014.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20015.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20016.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>29
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20017.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20018.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20019.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20020.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>33
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20021.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>34
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20022.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>35
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20023.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20024.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>37
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20025.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20026.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>39
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20027.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>40
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20028.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>41
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20029.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>42
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20030.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>43
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20031.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>44
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20032.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>45
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20033.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>46
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20034.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>47
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20035.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>48
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20036.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>49
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20037.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>50
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20038.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>51
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20039.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>52
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20040.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>53
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20041.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>54
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20042.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>55
<FILENAME>ex41-chci382rightsplan20043.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>57
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 28, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Comstock Holding Companies, Inc.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-32375

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-1164345

Entity Address, Address Line One 1900 Reston Metro Plaza

Entity Address, Address Line Two 10TH Floor

Entity Address, City or Town Reston

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 20190

City Area Code (703)

Local Phone Number 230-1985

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01

Trading Symbol CHCI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Central Index Key 0001299969

Amendment Flag false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>58
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>59
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>60
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>62
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://comstockhomes.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

chci-20250328.htm 
chci-20250328.xsd 
chci-20250328_lab.xml 
chci-20250328_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>64
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>65
<FILENAME>0001299969-25-000013-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>66
<FILENAME>chci-20250328_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001299969 

2025-03-28 
2025-03-28 

0001299969 
false 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-03-28 
Comstock Holding Companies, Inc. 
DE 
1-32375 
20-1164345 
1900 Reston Metro Plaza 
10TH Floor 
Reston 
VA 
20190 
(703) 
230-1985 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 
CHCI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>