<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-022903.txt : 20250312
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-022903.hdr.sgml : 20250312
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250312130120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-022903
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250310
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250312

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STEEL DYNAMICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022671
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				351929476
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21719
		FILM NUMBER:		25730917

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7575 W JEFFERSON BLVD
		CITY:			FORT WAYNE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		260 459 3553

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7575 W JEFFERSON BLVD
		CITY:			FORT WAYNE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46804
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000102267100010226712025-03-102025-03-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported) March 10, 2025

STEEL
DYNAMICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Indiana 0-21719 35-1929476

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission
File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

7575
West Jefferson Blvd, Fort Wayne, Indiana46804

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: 260-969-3500

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock voting, $0.0025 par value STLD NASDAQ
Global Select Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
March 12, 2025, Steel Dynamics, Inc. (the Company) completed the offering
and sale (the Offering) of $600 million aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 5.250% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and $400 million aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 5.750% Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes and, together with the 2035 Notes, the Notes).The
Notes were offered pursuant to the prospectus supplement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement),
to the prospectus, dated December 7, 2022 (together with the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus), which
forms part of the Companys effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-268703) filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 7, 2022, pursuant to which the Notes were registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The sale of the Notes was made pursuant to the terms of an Underwriting
Agreement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), between the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters
named in Schedule I to the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters). The Underwriting Agreement includes
the terms and conditions of the offer and sale of the Notes, indemnification and contribution obligations and other terms and conditions
customary in agreements of this type.

The
Company sold the Notes to the Underwriters on March 12, 2025, and the Company received net proceeds, after expenses and the underwriting
discount, of approximately $972 million. The
Company plans to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited
to, repayment at or prior to maturity of the Companys 2.400%
Notes due 2025, working capital, capital
expenditures, advances for or investments in the Companys subsidiaries, acquisitions, redemption and repayment of other outstanding
indebtedness, and purchases of the Companys common stock.

The terms of the Notes
are governed by an Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2022 (the Base Indenture), between the Company and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by a Second Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and together with the Base Indenture,
the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, as trustee.

The Notes (i) will
be the Company's senior unsecured obligations, (ii) will rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and
future senior indebtedness, (iii) will be senior in right of payment to all of the Company's future subordinated indebtedness, (iv) will
be effectively subordinated to the Company's secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness
and (v) will be structurally subordinated to all liabilities of any of the Company's subsidiaries.

Interest on the 2035 Notes will accrue at a rate of 5.250% per
annum and is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing November 15, 2025. Interest on the
2055 Notes will accrue at a rate of 5.750% per annum and is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on May 15 and November 15 of each
year, commencing November 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. The 2035
Notes will mature on May 15, 2035, unless earlier redeemed. The 2055 Notes will mature on May 15, 2055, unless earlier redeemed.

Prior to February 15,
2035 (three months prior to the maturity date) in the case of the 2035 Notes and prior to November 15, 2054 (six months prior to their
maturity date) in the case of the 2055 Notes, the Company may redeem the Notes of either or both series at its option, in whole or in
part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal
amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of (1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments
of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual
basis (assuming a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture)
plus 20 basis points in the case of the 2035 Notes and 25 basis points in the case of the 2055 Notes, less (b) interest accrued to the
date of redemption, and (2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest
thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. Par Call Date means (i) with respect to the 2035 Notes, February
15, 2035 (three months prior to their maturity date) and (ii) with respect to the 2055 Notes, November 15, 2054 (six months prior to their
maturity date). On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but
excluding, the redemption date. 

Upon the occurrence of
a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Second Supplemental Indenture) with respect to a series of Notes, unless the Company
has exercised its right to redeem such Notes in full by giving irrevocable notice to the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, each
holder of such series of Notes will have the right to require the Company to purchase all or a portion of such holder's Notes at a purchase
price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase.

The Indenture contains covenants that, among other
things, limit the Companys ability to incur liens securing indebtedness, to engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions with
respect to certain properties and to sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets or merge or consolidate with or into
other companies. Each series of Notes is a new issue of securities for which there is currently no established trading market. The Company
does not intend to apply for a listing of the Notes on any national securities exchange.

The Underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial
institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory,
investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Underwriters
and their respective affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, commercial and investment banking and other commercial
dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or its affiliates. In particular, the affiliates of some of the Underwriters
are participants in the Companys unsecured revolving credit facility of $1.2 billion that matures on July 19, 2028. They have received,
or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions or other payments for these transactions. As a result of the planned use
of proceeds of this Offering, Underwriters or affiliates of the Underwriters who hold any of the $400 million aggregate principal amount
of the Companys 2.400% Notes due 2025 may receive a portion of the net proceeds of this Offering. Further, U.S. Bancorp Investments,
Inc., one of the Underwriters, is an affiliate of the Trustee.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Underwriting Agreement, the Base Indenture and the Second Supplemental Indenture (which includes the form of the
2035 Notes and the form of the 2055 Notes), copies of which are filed or incorporated by reference as Exhibit 1.1, Exhibit 4.1 and
Exhibit 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of
this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 12, 2025, the Company issued a press
release titled Steel Dynamics Announces Completion of Notes Offering. A copy of that press release is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following exhibits are filed with
this report:

Exhibit Number Description

1.1 Underwriting
Agreement, dated March 10, 2025, between Steel Dynamics, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and PNC Capital Markets LLC,
as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (filed herewith).

4.1 Indenture,
dated as of December 7, 2022, between Steel Dynamics, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-268703) of Steel Dynamics, Inc., dated December
7, 2022).

4.2 Second
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2025, between Steel Dynamics, Inc. and U.S.
Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (filed herewith).

4.3 Form
of 5.250% Notes due 2035 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

4.4 Form
of 5.750% Notes due 2055 (included in Exhibit 4.2).

5.1 Opinion
of Barrett McNagny LLP (filed herewith).

23.1 Consent
of Barrett McNagny LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

99.1 A
press release dated March 12, 2025, titled Steel Dynamics Announces Completion of
Notes Offering (filed herewith).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive
Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereto duly authorized.

STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

/s/ Theresa E. Wagler

Date: March 12, 2025 By: Theresa E. Wagler

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution
Version

STEEL DYNAMICS,
INC.

$600,000,000
5.250% Notes due 2035

$400,000,000
5.750% Notes due 2055

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

dated March 10, 2025

J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC 

Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC

Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC

PNC
Capital Markets LLC

UNDERWRITING
AGREEMENT

March 10, 2025

J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC

Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC

Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC

PNC Capital
Markets LLC

as the
representatives of the several Underwriters

c/o J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

383 Madison
Avenue

New York, New York 10179

c/o Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

1585 Broadway

New York, New York 10036

c/o Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

200 West
Street

New York,
New York 10282

c/o PNC Capital Markets LLC

300 Fifth Avenue
10th Floor

Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15222

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Introductory.
Steel Dynamics, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Company), proposes to issue and sell to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC and the other several underwriters named in Schedule I
(together, the Underwriters), acting severally and not jointly, the respective amounts set forth in such Schedule I
of $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.250% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and $400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the Companys 5.750% Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes, and together with the 2035 Notes,
the Notes). J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and PNC Capital Markets
LLC have agreed to act as the representatives of the several Underwriters (the Representatives) in connection with the
offering and sale of the Notes.

The
Notes will be issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of December 7, 2022, between the Company
and U.S Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee) and a second supplemental indenture between
the Company and the Trustee to be dated as of the Closing Date (as supplemented, the Indenture). The Notes will be issued
only in book-entry form in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (the Depositary) pursuant
to a Blanket Letter of Representations (the DTC Agreement).

The Company has
prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) an automatic shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268703), which contains a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), to be used in connection with
the public offering and sale of debt securities, including the Notes, and other securities of the Company under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Securities Act), and the offering
thereof from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Such registration statement, including the financial
statements, exhibits and schedules thereto, in the form in which it became effective under the Securities Act, including any required
information deemed to be a part thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430B under the Securities Act, is called the Registration
Statement. The term Prospectus shall mean the final prospectus supplement relating to the Notes, together with the
Base Prospectus, that is first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) after the date and time that this Agreement is executed (the Execution
Time) by the parties hereto. The term Preliminary Prospectus shall mean any preliminary prospectus supplement relating
to the Notes, together with the Base Prospectus, that is first filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). Any reference herein
to the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents that
are or are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act prior to 3:07 p.m.
New York City Time on March 10, 2025 (the Initial Sale Time). All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement,
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include any copy thereof
filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR).

All references in
this Agreement to financial statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included or
stated (or other references of like import) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus
shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information which is or is deemed to be incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, prior to the Initial Sale
Time; and all references in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary
Prospectus shall be deemed to include the filing of any document under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Exchange Act), which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, as the case may be, after the Initial Sale Time.

The Company hereby
confirms its agreements with the Underwriters as follows:

Section 1. 
Representations and Warranties. The Company hereby represents, warrants and covenants to
each Underwriter as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Sale Time and as of the Closing Date (in each case, a Representation
Date), as follows:

(a) 
Compliance with Registration Requirements. The Company meets the requirements for use of
Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement has become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been
instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, are contemplated or threatened by the Commission, and any request on
the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied with. In addition, the Indenture has been duly qualified under
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Trust Indenture Act).

2

At the respective
times the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto became effective and at each Representation Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto (i) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
and the Trust Indenture Act, and (ii) did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. At the date of the Prospectus and at the
Closing Date, neither the Prospectus nor any amendments or supplements thereto included or will include an untrue statement of a material
fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the representations and warranties in this subsection shall
not apply to statements in or omissions from the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or the Prospectus or any amendments
or supplements thereto made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company in writing by any of the Underwriters
through the Representatives expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any
Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the Underwriter Information (as defined in Section 8(b) hereof).

Each Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus, at the time each was filed with the SEC, complied in all material respects with the Securities Act, and the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters for use in connection with the offering of the Notes will, at the time of
such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the
extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(b) 
Disclosure Package. The term Disclosure Package shall mean (i) the Preliminary
Prospectus dated March 10, 2025, (ii) the issuer free writing prospectuses as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act (each,
an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus), if any, identified in Annex I hereto and (iii) any other free writing prospectus
that the parties hereto shall hereafter expressly agree in writing to treat as part of the Disclosure Package. As of the Initial Sale
Time, the Disclosure Package did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The preceding sentence
does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Disclosure Package based upon and in conformity with written information furnished
to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only
such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the Underwriter Information.

(c) 
Incorporated Documents. The documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (i) at the time they were or hereafter are filed with the
Commission, complied or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and (ii) when read together with
the other information in the Disclosure Package, at the Initial Sale Time, and when read together with the other information in the Prospectus,
at the date of the Prospectus and at the Closing Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading.

3

(d) 
Company is a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration
Statement, (ii) at the time of the most recent amendment thereto for the purposes of complying with Section 10(a)(3) of the
Securities Act (whether such amendment was by post-effective amendment, incorporated report filed pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act or form of prospectus), (iii) at the time the Company or any person acting on its behalf (within the meaning,
for this clause only, of Rule 163(c) of the Securities Act) made any offer relating to the Notes in reliance on the exemption
of Rule 163 of the Securities Act, and (iv) as of the Execution Time, the Company was and is a well known seasoned issuer
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, that automatically became effective not more than three years prior to the Execution
Time; the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act objecting to
use of the automatic shelf registration statement form and the Company has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to use the automatic shelf
registration form.

(e) 
The Underwriting Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
by the Company.

(f) 
Company is not an Ineligible Issuer. (i) At the time of filing the Registration Statement
and (ii) as of the Execution Time (with such date being used as the determination date for purposes of this clause (ii)), the Company
was not and is not an Ineligible Issuer (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act), without taking account of any determination by
the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 of the Securities Act that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an Ineligible Issuer.

(g) 
Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date
and at all subsequent times through the completion of the offering of Notes under this Agreement or until any earlier date that the Company
notified or notifies the Representatives as described in the next sentence, did not, does not and will not include any information that
conflicted, conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as
a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration
Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, the Company has promptly notified or will promptly notify the Representatives
and has promptly amended or supplemented or will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
to eliminate or correct such conflict. The foregoing two sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus based upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives
specifically for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the
Representatives consists of the Underwriter Information.

4

(h) 
Distribution of Offering Material By the Company. The Company has not distributed and will
not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the Underwriters distribution of the Notes, any offering
material in connection with the offering and sale of the Notes other than the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the
Prospectus, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and included in Annex I hereto or any
electronic road show or other written communications reviewed and consented to by the Representatives and listed on Annex II hereto (each
a, Company Additional Written Communication). Each such Company Additional Written Communication, when taken together with
the Disclosure Package, did not, and at the Closing Date will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The preceding sentence does not apply to statements in or omissions from the Company Additional Written Communication based upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the Representatives specifically for use therein,
it being understood and agreed that the only such information furnished by any Underwriter through the Representatives consists of the
Underwriter Information.

(i) 
No Applicable Registration or Other Similar Rights. There are no persons with registration
or other similar rights to have any equity or debt securities registered for sale under the Registration Statement or included in the
offering contemplated by this Agreement, except for such rights as have been duly waived.

(j) 
The Notes. The Notes have been duly authorized and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly
executed by the Company and, when authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the
Underwriters in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against
the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally and general principles of equity, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

(k) 
The Indenture. The Indenture has been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and has
been duly authorized by the Company and, at the Closing Date, will have been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming
due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Trustee, will constitute a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally and general principles of equity.

(l) 
Description of the Notes and the Indenture. The Notes and the Indenture will conform in all
material respects to the respective descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus.

(m) 
Accuracy of Statements. The statements in each of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus under the captions Description of Our Debt Securities, Material U.S. Federal Income
Tax Considerations and Description of Notes, in each case insofar as such statements constitute a summary of the
legal matters, documents or proceedings referred to therein, fairly present and summarize, in all material respects, the matters referred
to therein.

5

(n) 
No Material Adverse Change. There has not occurred any material adverse change, or any development
involving a prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or results of
operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole (any such change is called a Material Adverse Change),
from that set forth in the Disclosure Package.

(o) 
Other Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in
the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, (1) the Company and its subsidiaries have not incurred any material liability or obligation,
direct or contingent, nor entered into any material transaction not in the ordinary course of business; (2) the Company has not purchased
any material amount of its outstanding capital stock, nor declared, paid or otherwise made any dividend or distribution of any kind on
its capital stock; and (3) there has not been any material change in the capital stock, short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company
and its consolidated subsidiaries, except in each case as described in or contemplated by the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus.

(p) 
Independent Accountants. Ernst & Young LLP, which expressed its opinion with respect
to the financial statements (which term as used in this Agreement includes the related notes thereto) of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries filed with the Commission and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus, are independent public accountants with respect to the Company as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and
are an independent registered public accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and any non-audit services provided
by Ernst & Young LLP to the Company have been approved by the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company.

(q) 
Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company has been
duly incorporated, is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has
the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus
and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture, and the Notes; the Company is duly qualified to transact
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires
such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not, individually or in the
aggregate, result in a material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, or on the earnings, business, properties, operations
or prospects, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered
as one entity (a Material Adverse Effect). Each subsidiary of the Company has been duly incorporated or organized, is validly
existing as a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization, as applicable, has the power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus; each subsidiary is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure
to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect; each direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company
and the percentage of capital stock and voting stock of each such subsidiary owned by the Company directly or indirectly, as applicable,
is set forth on Schedule II hereto and all of the issued shares of capital stock of such subsidiary owned by the Company directly
or indirectly, as applicable, have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned directly
or through subsidiaries of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims, except as described in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus. The Company does not have any subsidiary not listed on Exhibit 21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K which,
at the time of such filing, was required to be so listed.

6

(r) 
Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. The authorized, issued and outstanding capital
stock of the Company is as set forth in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus under the caption Capitalization (other
than for subsequent issuances, if any, pursuant to employee benefit plans described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus or upon
exercise of outstanding options or warrants described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, as the case may be).

(s) 
Non-Contravention of Existing Instruments; No Further Authorizations or Approvals Required.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational
documents or (ii) in default in the performance or observance of any obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any
contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of them may be bound, or to which any of the property or assets of the Company
or any subsidiary is subject except in the case of this clause (ii) for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse
Effect. The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, this Agreement, the
Indenture and the Notes, and the consummation of the transactions described herein and therein and in the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus, do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, contravene (i) any provision
of applicable law or the articles of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or (ii) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is material to the Company and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or any judgment, order, regulation or decree of any regulatory or governmental body, agency or court
having jurisdiction over the Company or any subsidiary, and no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any
regulatory or governmental body or agency is required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, the
Indenture and the Notes, except such as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states in connection with the
offer and sale of the Notes.

(t) 
No Material Actions or Proceedings. There are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations,
actions, demands, claims, suits, arbitrations, inquiries or proceedings (Actions) pending or, to the Companys knowledge,
threatened to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is subject other than proceedings accurately described in all material respects in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package
and proceedings that would not have a Material Adverse Effect, or a material adverse effect on the power or ability of the Company to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture, and the Notes or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Prospectus
and the Disclosure Package; and there are no current or pending Actions that are required under the Securities Act to be described in
the Registration Statement or the Prospectus that are not so described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the
Prospectus.

7

(u) 
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire
on reasonable terms, all material patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other
unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks and trade names
currently employed by them in connection with the business now operated by them, and neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has received any notice of infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others with respect to any of the foregoing which, singly
or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would result in any Material Adverse Effect.

(v) 
All Necessary Permits, etc. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has all necessary consents,
authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits of and from, and has made all declarations and filings with, all federal,
state, local and other governmental authorities, all self-regulatory organizations and all courts and other tribunals, to own, lease,
license and use its properties and assets and to conduct its business in the manner described in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package,
except to the extent that the failure to obtain such consents, authorizations, approvals, orders, certificates and permits or make such
declarations and filings would not have a Material Adverse Effect and except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package.
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
any such consent, authorization, approval, order, certificate or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable
decision, ruling or finding, would result in a Material Adverse Effect, except as described in or contemplated by the Prospectus and
the Disclosure Package.

(w) 
Title to Properties. The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title
in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business
of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described
in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package or such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with
the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and its subsidiaries; and any real property and buildings held under
lease by the Company and its subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are
not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its subsidiaries,
in each case except as described in or contemplated by the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package.

(x) 
Tax Law Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries have filed all necessary federal, state
and foreign income and franchise tax returns and have paid all taxes required to be paid by any of them and, if due and payable, any
related or similar assessment, fine or penalty levied against any of them except for any taxes, assessments, fines or penalties as may
be contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or except where a default to make such filings or payments would not result
in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made adequate charges, accruals and reserves in accordance with GAAP in the applicable
financial statements referred to in Section 1(gg) hereof in respect of all federal, state and foreign income and franchise taxes for
all periods as to which the tax liability of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has not been finally determined.

8

(y) 
Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, nor after giving effect to the offering
and sale of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package will it be
required, to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(z) 
Insurance. The Company and each of its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized
financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they
are engaged; neither the Company nor any such subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and neither the
Company nor any such subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when
such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that
would not materially and adversely affect the condition, financial or otherwise, or the earnings, business, or operations of the Company
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as described in or contemplated by the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package.

(aa) 
No Price Stabilization or Manipulation. The Company has not taken and will not take, directly
or indirectly, any action designed to or that might be reasonably expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the
price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes.

(bb) 
Accounting Systems. The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintain a system of internal
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are executed in accordance with managements
general or specific authorizations; (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability; (3) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (4) the recorded accountability for assets is compared
with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences; and (5) the interactive
data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package
and the Prospectus fairly present the information called for in all material respects and are prepared in accordance with the Commissions
rules and guidelines applicable thereto. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no
material weakness or significant deficiencies in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated)
and (ii) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

9

(cc) 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act; such disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its subsidiaries is made known to
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company by others within the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and such
disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably effective to perform the functions for which they were established subject to the limitations
of any such control system; the Companys auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company have been advised
of: (i) any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely
affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial data; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a role in the Companys internal controls; and since the date of
the most recent evaluation of such disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in internal controls or
in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses.

(dd) 
Compliance with Environmental Laws. Except as disclosed in the Prospectus and the Disclosure
Package, the Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws
and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants
or contaminants (Environmental Laws), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them
under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses, and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions
of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits,
licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals would not, singly
or in the aggregate, result in any Material Adverse Effect.

(ee) 
Periodic Review of Costs of Environmental Compliance. In the ordinary course of business,
the Company conducts a periodic review of the effect of Environmental Laws on the business, operations and properties of the Company
and its subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated costs and liabilities (including, without limitation,
any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties or compliance with Environmental Laws or any permit,
license or approval, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties). On the basis of
such review, the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities for its current operations would not, singly
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ff) 
No Material Labor Dispute. No material labor dispute with the employees of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries exists, except as described in or contemplated by the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, or, to the knowledge
of the Company, is imminent; and the Company is not aware of any existing, threatened or imminent labor disturbance by the employees
of any of its principal suppliers, manufacturers or contractors that could result in any Material Adverse Effect.

10

(gg) 
Preparation of the Financial Statements. The financial statements together with the related
notes thereto incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the
consolidated financial position of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and at the dates indicated and the results of their operations
and cash flows for the periods specified. Such financial statements comply as to form with the accounting requirements of the Securities
Act and have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States applied on a consistent
basis throughout the periods involved, except as may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto. No other financial statements
are required to be included in the Registration Statement. The summary financial information included in the Preliminary Prospectus and
the Prospectus present fairly the information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis consistent with that of the audited financial
statements included in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. All disclosures contained in the Disclosure
Package and the Prospectus regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commission) comply with Regulation G under the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent
applicable. The interactive data in eXtensible Business Reporting Language incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the
Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and is prepared in accordance
with the Commissions rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(hh) 
Statistical and Market Data. Nothing has come to the attention of the Company that has caused
the Company to believe that the statistical and market-related data included or incorporated by reference in each of the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus is not based on or derived from sources that are reliable and accurate in all material
respects.

(ii) 
Solvency. The Company is, and immediately after the Closing Date will be, Solvent. As used
herein, the term Solvent means, with respect to any person on a particular date, that on such date (i) the fair market
value of the assets (including any rights to contribution) of such person is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including
contingent liabilities) of such person, (ii) the present fair salable value of the assets of such person is greater than the amount
that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of such person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (iii) such
person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, including contingent obligations, as they mature and
(iv) such person does not have unreasonably small capital.

(jj) 
Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company and its subsidiaries and their respective officers
and directors are in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 applicable to them and the rules and regulations
promulgated in connection therewith (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and
906 related to certifications.

(kk) 
ERISA Compliance. The Company and its subsidiaries and any employee benefit plan
(as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (as amended, ERISA, which term, as used herein, includes
the regulations and published interpretations thereunder)) established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or their ERISA
Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect
to the Company or a subsidiary, any member of any group of organizations described in Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 (as amended, the Code, which term, as used herein, includes the regulations and published interpretations thereunder)
of which the Company or such subsidiary is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries
or any of their ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or
any of their ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded
benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor any of their ERISA Affiliates has incurred
or reasonably expects to incur any liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from,
any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975 or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit
plan established or maintained by the Company, its subsidiaries or any of their ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified
under Section 401 of the Code is so qualified and nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the
loss of such qualification.

11

(ll) 
Related Party Transactions. There are no business relationships or related-party transactions
involving the Company or any subsidiary or any other person required to be described in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus
that have not been described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except advances for business expenses in the ordinary
course of business) or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company or any affiliate of the Company to or for the benefit of any of the
officers or directors of the Company or of any affiliate of the Company or any of their respective family members.

(mm) 
No Unlawful Contributions or Other Payments. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is
aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of (i) the Bribery Act 2010
of the United Kingdom, (ii) the FCPA, or (iii) any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery
of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions or any other applicable anti-bribery laws, including, without limitation,
making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise
to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, rebate, influence payment, kickback, promise to give, or
authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign
political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA and the Company, its
subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company, its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and any
other applicable anti-bribery laws and have instituted, maintained and enforced policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which
are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

FCPA
means Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

12

(nn) 
Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been
conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Currency
and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations
thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or
body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

(oo) 
OFAC. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company,
any director, officer, agent, employee, affiliate or other person associated with or acting on behalf of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is currently the subject of or the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government (including, without limitation,
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State and including,
without limitation, the designation as a specially designated national or blocked person), the United Nations
Security Council (UNSC), the European Union, His Majestys Treasury (HMT), or other relevant sanctions
authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor is the Company or any of its subsidiaries located, organized or resident in a
country or territory that is the subject or target of any Sanctions; and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds
of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person
or entity, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding or facilitation,
is the subject of any Sanctions, or is in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject or target of any
Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person (including any person participating in the
offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of any Sanctions.

(pp) 
Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) included or incorporated by reference in any of the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good
faith.

(qq) 
Privacy and Data Protection. The Company and each of its subsidiaries have complied, and
are presently in compliance, with its privacy and security policies and with all obligations under applicable laws and regulations regarding
the collection, use, transfer, storage, protection, disposal or disclosure of personally identifiable information or any other legally
protected information collected from or provided by third parties. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable
steps to protect the information technology assets and data used in connection with the operation of the business of the Company or its
subsidiaries, including the confidentiality of such data. The Company and its subsidiaries have established commercially reasonable disaster
recovery and security plans, procedures and facilities for the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, including, without limitation,
for the information technology assets and data held or used by or for the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There has been no material
security breach or attack or other compromise (including any unauthorized or illegal use or access) of or relating to any such information
technology asset or data. Such information technology assets are adequate and operational for, in accordance with their documentation
and functional specifications, the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as now operated and as currently proposed to be conducted
as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus

13

(rr) 
Accuracy of Exhibits. There are no franchises, contracts or documents which are required
to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference therein
or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement which have not been so described and filed as required.

(ss) 
Cybersecurity. (A) There has been no known security breach or incident, unauthorized access
or disclosure, or other compromise of or relating to the Company or its subsidiaries information technology and computer systems, networks,
hardware, software, data and databases (including the data and information of their respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors
and any third party data maintained, processed or stored by the Company and its subsidiaries, and any such data processed or stored by
third parties on behalf of the Company and its subsidiaries), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data),
except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability: (B) neither the Company nor its subsidiaries have been notified
of, and each of them have no knowledge of any event or condition that could reasonably be expected to result in, any material security
breach or incident, unauthorized access or disclosure or other compromise to their IT Systems and Data and (C) the Company and its subsidiaries
have implemented commercially reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and technological safeguards to maintain and protect the integrity,
operation, redundancy and security of their IT Systems and Data reasonably consistent with industry standards and practices, or as required
by applicable regulatory standards. The Company and its subsidiaries are presently in material compliance with all applicable laws or
statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal
policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems
and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification.

(tt) 
Outbound Investment. the Company will not, and will
not permit any of its subsidiaries to, (a) be or become a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in the regulations
administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance issued, by the United States Treasury Department under U.S. Executive
Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation, as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 
850.101 et seq (the Outbound Investment Rules), or (b) engage, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity
or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) with respect to any subsidiary
of the Company that is not a U.S. Person (as defined in the Outbound Investment Rules), any activity that would constitute a covered
activity or covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if such subsidiary
were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Underwriters to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules
or cause the Underwriters to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement.

14

Any certificate
signed by an officer of the Company and delivered to the Underwriters or to counsel for the Underwriters shall be deemed to be a representation
and warranty by the Company to each Underwriter as to the matters set forth therein.

Section 2. 
Purchase, Sale and Delivery of the Notes.

(a) 
The Notes. The Company agrees to issue and sell to the Underwriters, severally and not jointly,
all of the Notes, and the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective principal amount
of Notes set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule I hereto, at a purchase price of 98.326% of the principal
amount thereof of the 2035 Notes and at a purchase price of 96.154% of the principal amount thereof of the 2055 Notes, plus accrued interest,
if any, from March 12, 2025 to the Closing Date, in each case, on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements herein
contained, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereto, herein set forth.

(b) 
The Closing Date. Delivery of certificates for the Notes in definitive form to be purchased
by the Underwriters and payment therefor shall be made at the offices of Allen Overy Shearman Sterling US LLP, 599 Lexington Avenue,
New York, New York 10022 (or such other place as may be agreed to by the Company and the Underwriters) at 9:00 a.m., New York City time,
on March 12, 2025, or such other time and date as the Underwriters shall designate by notice to the Company (the time and date of such
closing are called the Closing Date). The Company hereby acknowledges that circumstances under which the Underwriters may
provide notice to postpone the Closing Date as originally scheduled include, but are in no way limited to, any determination by the Company
or the Underwriters to recirculate to investors copies of an amended or supplemented Prospectus or a delay as contemplated by the provisions
of Section 18 hereof.

(c) 
Public Offering of the Notes. The Representatives hereby advise the Company that the Underwriters
intend to offer for sale to the public, as described in the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, their respective portions of the Notes
as soon after the Execution Time as the Representatives, in their sole judgment, have determined is advisable and practicable. The Company
acknowledges and agrees that the Underwriters may offer and sell the Notes to or through any affiliate of an Underwriter and that any
such affiliate may offer and sell the Notes purchased by it to or through any Underwriter.

(d) 
Payment for the Notes. Payment for the Notes shall be made at the Closing Date by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to the account(s) specified by the Company to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC against delivery to the nominee
of the DTC, for the account of the Underwriters, of one or more global notes representing the Notes, with any transfer taxes payable
in connection with the sale of the Notes duly paid by the Company.

It is understood
that the Representatives have been authorized, for their own accounts and for the accounts of the several Underwriters, to accept delivery
of and receipt for, and make payment of the purchase price for, the Notes that the Underwriters have agreed to purchase. The Representatives
may (but shall not be obligated to) make payment for any Notes to be purchased by any Underwriter whose funds shall not have been received
by the Representatives by the Closing Date for the account of such Underwriter, but any such payment shall not relieve such Underwriter
from any of its obligations under this Agreement.

15

(e) 
Delivery of the Notes. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Representatives
for the accounts of the several Underwriters certificates for the Notes at the Closing Date against the irrevocable release of a wire
transfer of immediately available funds for the amount of the purchase price therefor to the Company. The certificates for the Notes
shall be in such denominations and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of the Depositary, pursuant to the DTC Agreement,
and shall be made available for inspection on the business day preceding the Closing Date at a location in New York City, as the Underwriters
may designate. Time shall be of the essence, and delivery at the time and place specified in this Agreement is a further condition to
the obligations of the Underwriters.

Section 3. 
Additional Covenants. The Company further covenants and agrees with each Underwriter as follows:

(a) 
Compliance with Securities Regulations and Commission Requests. The Company, subject to Section 3(b),
will comply with the requirements of Rule 430B of the Securities Act, and will promptly notify the Representatives, and confirm
the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness during the Prospectus Delivery Period (as defined below) of any post-effective amendment
to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (ii) the
receipt of any comments from the Commission during the Prospectus Delivery Period, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment
to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or for additional information
and (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order
preventing or suspending the use of the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes
for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes. The Company
will promptly effect the filings necessary pursuant to Rule 424 and will take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly
whether the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424 was received for filing by the Commission
and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such document. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the
issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(b) 
Filing of Amendments. During such period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending
on the later of the Closing Date or such date as, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus is no longer required
by law to be delivered in connection with sales of the Notes by an Underwriter or dealer, including in circumstances where such requirement
may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 of the Securities Act (the Prospectus Delivery Period), the Company will give the
Representatives notice of its intention to file or prepare any amendment to the Registration Statement (including any filing under Rule 462(b)
of the Securities Act), or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, whether pursuant to the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or otherwise, will furnish the Representatives with copies of any such documents a reasonable amount
of time prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Representatives
or counsel for the Underwriters shall reasonably object.

16

(c) 
Delivery of Registration Statements. The Company has furnished or will deliver to the Representatives
and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment
thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Representatives, without
charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for each
of the Underwriters. The Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(d) 
Delivery of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to each Underwriter, without charge, as
many copies of the Preliminary Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such
copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Underwriter, without charge, during the Prospectus
Delivery Period, such number of copies of the Prospectus as such Underwriter may reasonably request. The Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted
copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(e) 
Continued Compliance with Securities Laws. The Company will comply with the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Notes as contemplated in this Agreement and in the Registration
Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus. If at any time during the Prospectus Delivery Period, any event shall occur or
condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters or for the Company, to amend
the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, not misleading or to amend or supplement
the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances existing at the Initial Sale Time or at the time it is delivered or conveyed to a purchaser, not misleading, or
if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of either such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement
the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of any law, the Company will (1) notify the Representatives
of any such event, development or condition and (2) promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3(b)
hereof, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement,
the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus comply with such law, and the Company will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such
number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Underwriters may reasonably request.

17

(f) 
Blue Sky Compliance. The Company shall cooperate with the Representatives and counsel for
the Underwriters to qualify or register (or to obtain exemptions from qualifying or registering) all or any part of the Notes for offer
and sale under the securities laws of the several states of the United States, the provinces of Canada or any other jurisdictions designated
by the Representatives, shall comply with such laws and shall continue such qualifications, registrations and exemptions in effect so
long as required for the distribution of the Notes. The Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to take
any action that would subject it to general service of process in any such jurisdiction where it is not presently qualified or where
it would be subject to taxation as a foreign corporation. The Company will advise the Representatives promptly of the suspension of the
qualification or registration of (or any such exemption relating to) the Notes for offering, sale or trading in any jurisdiction or any
initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, and in the event of the issuance of any order suspending such qualification,
registration or exemption, the Company shall use its best efforts to obtain the withdrawal thereof at the earliest possible moment.

(g) 
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes sold
by it in the manner described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(h) 
The Depositary. The Company will cooperate with the Underwriters and use its best efforts
to permit the Notes to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of the Depositary.

(i) 
Periodic Reporting Obligations. During the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company shall
file, on a timely basis, with the Commission and The NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market all reports and documents required to be filed
under the Exchange Act.

(j) 
Agreement Not to Offer or Sell Additional Securities. During the period commencing on the
date hereof and ending on the Closing Date, the Company will not, without the prior written consent of the Representatives (which consent
may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Representatives), directly or indirectly, sell, offer, contract or grant any option to
sell, pledge, transfer or establish an open put equivalent position within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange
Act, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or announce the offering of, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act in
respect of, any debt securities of the Company similar to the Notes or securities exchangeable for or convertible into debt securities
similar to the Notes (other than as contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Notes).

(k) 
Final Term Sheet. The Company will prepare a final term sheet containing only a description
of the Notes, in a form approved by the Underwriters and attached as Schedule III hereto, and will file such term sheet pursuant to Rule 433(d)
under the Securities Act within the time required by such rule (such term sheet, the Final Term Sheet). Any such Final
Term Sheet is an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus for purposes of this Agreement.

18

(l) 
Permitted Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company represents that it has not made, and agrees
that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Representatives, it will not make, any offer relating to the Notes that would
constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act) required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433
of the Securities Act; provided that the prior written consent of the Representatives shall be deemed to have been given in respect of
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses included in Annex I to this Agreement. Any such free writing prospectus consented to or deemed to
be consented to by the Representatives is hereinafter referred to as a Permitted Free Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees
that (i) it has treated and will treat, as the case may be, each Permitted Free Writing Prospectus as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
and (ii) has complied and will comply, as the case may be, with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act
applicable to any Permitted Free Writing Prospectus, including in respect of timely filing with the Commission, legending and record
keeping. The Company consents to the use by any Underwriter of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an issuer free writing
prospectus as defined in Rule 433 and (b) contains only (i) information describing the preliminary terms of the
Notes or their offering, (ii) information permitted by Rule 134 under the Securities Act or (iii) information that describes the
final terms of the Notes or their offering and that is included in the Final Term Sheet of the Company contemplated in Section 3(k)
hereof.

(m) 
Registration Statement Renewal Deadline. If immediately prior to the third anniversary (the
Renewal Deadline) of the initial effective date of the Registration Statement, any of the Notes remain unsold by the Underwriters,
the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline file, if it has not already done so and is eligible to do so, a new automatic shelf registration
statement relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives. If the Company is no longer eligible to file an automatic
shelf registration statement, the Company will prior to the Renewal Deadline, if it has not already done so, file a new shelf registration
statement relating to the Notes, in a form satisfactory to the Representatives, and will use its best efforts to cause such registration
statement to be declared effective within 60 days after the Renewal Deadline. The Company will take all other action necessary or appropriate
to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the expired registration statement relating to the
Notes. References herein to the Registration Statement shall include such new automatic shelf registration statement or such new shelf
registration statement, as the case may be.

(n) 
Notice of Inability to Use Automatic Shelf Registration Statement Form. If at any time during
the Prospectus Delivery Period, the Company receives from the Commission a notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) or otherwise ceases
to be eligible to use the automatic shelf registration statement form, the Company will (i) promptly notify the Representatives,
(ii) promptly file a new registration statement or post-effective amendment on the proper form relating to the Notes, in a form
satisfactory to the Representatives, (iii) use its best efforts to cause such registration statement or post-effective amendment
to be declared effective and (iv) promptly notify the Representatives of such effectiveness. The Company will take all other action
necessary or appropriate to permit the public offering and sale of the Notes to continue as contemplated in the registration statement
that was the subject of the Rule 401(g)(2) notice or for which the Company has otherwise become ineligible. References herein to
the Registration Statement shall include such new registration statement or post-effective amendment, as the case may be.

19

(o) 
Filing Fees. The Company agrees to pay the required Commission filing fees relating to the
Notes within the time required by and in accordance with Rule 456(b)(1) and 457(r) of the Securities Act.

(p) 
Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company will comply with all applicable securities
and other laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and use its best efforts to cause the Companys
directors and officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with such laws, rules and regulations, including, without limitation,
the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(q) 
No Manipulation of Price. The Company will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to cause or result in, or that has constituted or might reasonably be expected to constitute, under the Exchange Act or otherwise, the
stabilization or manipulation of the price of any securities of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Notes.

The
Representatives on behalf of the several Underwriters may, in their sole discretion, waive in writing
the performance by the Company of any one or more of the foregoing covenants or extend the time for their performance.

Section 4. 
Payment of Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the performance of its obligations hereunder and in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation,
(i) all expenses incident to the issuance and delivery of the Notes (including all printing and engraving costs), (ii) all
necessary issue, transfer and other stamp taxes in connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes to the Underwriters, (iii) all
reasonable fees and expenses of the Companys counsel, independent public or certified public accountants and other advisors to
the Company, (iv) all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, printing, filing, shipping and distribution
of the Registration Statement (including financial statements, exhibits, schedules, consents and certificates of experts), each Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and all amendments and supplements thereto, and this Agreement,
the Indenture, the DTC Agreement and the Notes, (v) all filing fees, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Company
or the Underwriters in connection with qualifying or registering (or obtaining exemptions from the qualification or registration of)
all or any part of the Notes for offer and sale under the state securities or blue sky laws, and, if requested by the Representatives,
preparing a Blue Sky Survey or memorandum, and any supplements thereto, advising the Underwriters of such qualifications,
registrations and exemptions, (vi) the fees and expenses of the Trustee, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
for the Trustee in connection with the Indenture and the Notes, (vii) any fees payable in connection with the rating of the Notes
with the ratings agencies, (viii) all fees and expenses (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) of the Company in connection
with approval of the Notes by the Depositary for book-entry transfer, and the performance by the Company of its other obligations
under this Agreement, (ix) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations or any road show undertaken
in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Notes, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the production
of road show slides and graphics, reasonable fees and expenses of any consultants engaged in connection with the road show presentations
with the prior approval of the Company, travel and lodging expenses of the representatives and officers of the Company and any such consultants,
and the cost of any aircraft chartered in connection with the road show, and (x) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance
of the obligations of the Company hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section 4. Except as provided in this Section 4
and Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, the Underwriters shall pay their own expenses, including the fees and disbursements of their counsel.

20

Section 5. 
Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the several Underwriters
to purchase and pay for the Notes as provided herein on the Closing Date shall be subject to the accuracy of the representations and
warranties on the part of the Company set forth in Section 1 hereof as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Sale Time, and as of
the Closing Date as though then made and to the timely performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and
to each of the following additional conditions:

(a) 
Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective
under the Securities Act and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued under the
Securities Act and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or be pending or threatened by the Commission, any request
on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of counsel to the
Underwriters and the Company shall not have received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities Act
objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form. The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus shall have been filed
with the Commission in accordance with Rule 424(b) (or any required post-effective amendment providing such information shall have
been filed and declared effective in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430A).

(b) 
Accountants Comfort Letter. On the date hereof, the Representatives shall have received
from Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accountants for the Company, a letter dated the date hereof addressed to the
Underwriters, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representatives with respect to the audited and unaudited financial statements
and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(c) 
Bring-down Comfort Letter. On the Closing Date, the Representatives shall have received from
Ernst & Young LLP, independent public or certified public accountants for the Company, a letter dated such date, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representatives, to the effect that they reaffirm the statements made in the letter furnished by them pursuant to
subsection (b) of this Section 5, except that the specified date referred to therein for the carrying out of procedures shall be no more
than three business days prior to the Closing Date.

(d) 
No Objection. If the Registration Statement and/or the offering of the Notes has been filed
with FINRA for review, FINRA shall not have raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the underwriting
terms and arrangements.

21

(e) 
No Material Adverse Change or Ratings Agency Change. For the period from and after the date
of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date:

(i) 
in the judgment of the Representatives there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Change;
and

(ii) 
there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended
or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating
accorded any securities or indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by any nationally recognized statistical rating
organization as such term is defined for purposes of Section 3(a)(62) under the Exchange Act.

(f) 
Opinion of Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received
the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter, dated as of such Closing Date, of Barrett McNagny LLP, counsel for the Company,
the form of which is attached as Exhibit A.

(g) 
Opinion of Counsel for the Underwriters. On the Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have
received the favorable opinion and negative assurance letter of Allen Overy Shearman Sterling US LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated
as of such Closing Date, with respect to such matters as may be reasonably requested by the Underwriters.

(h) 
Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Underwriters shall have received a
written certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, dated as of
such Closing Date, to the effect set forth in Section 5(e)(ii) hereof, and further to the effect that:

(i) 
the Company has received no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement,
and no proceedings for such purpose have been instituted or threatened by the Commission;

(ii) 
the Company has not received from the Commission any notice pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) of the Securities
Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf registration statement form;

(iii) 
for the period from and after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date there has
not occurred any Material Adverse Change;

(iv) 
the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company were true and correct as of Initial
Sale Time and are true and correct as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though expressly made on and as of the Closing
Date; and

(v) 
the Company has complied with all the agreements and satisfied all the conditions on its part to
be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date.

(i) 
Indenture and Notes. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Indenture, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters, and the Underwriters shall have received executed copies thereof. The Company
shall have executed and delivered the Notes, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters.

22

(j) 
Additional Documents. On or before the Closing Date, the Representatives and counsel for
the Underwriters shall have received such information, documents and opinions as they may reasonably require for the purposes of enabling
them to pass upon the issuance and sale of the Notes as contemplated herein, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations
and warranties, or the satisfaction of any of the conditions or agreements, herein contained.

If any condition
specified in this Section 5 is not satisfied when and as required to be satisfied, this Agreement may be terminated by the Underwriters
by notice to the Company at any time on or prior to the Closing Date, which termination shall be without liability on the part of any
party to any other party, except that Sections 4, 6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

Section 6. 
Reimbursement of Underwriters Expenses. If this Agreement is terminated by the Representatives
pursuant to Section 5, 10 or 18 hereof, including if the sale to the Underwriters of the Notes on the Closing Date is not consummated
because of any refusal, inability or failure on the part of the Company to perform any agreement herein or to comply with any provision
hereof, the Company agrees to reimburse the Underwriters (or such Underwriters as have terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves),
severally, upon demand for all out-of-pocket expenses that shall have been reasonably incurred by the Underwriters in connection with
the proposed purchase and the offering and sale of the Notes, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel,
printing expenses, travel expenses, postage, facsimile and telephone charges.

Section 7. 
Effectiveness of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective until the execution
of this Agreement by the parties hereto.

Section 8. 
Indemnification.

(a) 
Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each
Underwriter, its affiliates, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates and agents, and each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter
within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense, as incurred, to
which such Underwriter or such director, officer, employee, affiliates, agents or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of
any litigation, if such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company or otherwise permitted by Section 8(d) hereof),
insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based:
(i) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment
thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Company Additional
Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement
thereto) or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (iii) in whole or in part upon any inaccuracy in the representations
and warranties of the Company contained herein or (iv) in whole or in part upon any failure of the Company to perform its obligations
hereunder or under law; and to reimburse each Underwriter and each such affiliate, director, officer, employee, agent and controlling
person for any and all expenses (including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel chosen by the Representatives) as such expenses
are reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or such affiliate, director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection
with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense or action; provided,
however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense to the extent,
but only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
made in reliance upon and in conformity with written Underwriter Information furnished to the Company by any Underwriter through the
Representatives expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) as defined in paragraph (b) below.
The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(a) shall be in addition to any liabilities that the Company may otherwise
have.

23

(b) 
Indemnification of the Company. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify
and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who
controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense,
as incurred, to which the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, or other federal or state statutory law or regulation, or at common law or otherwise (including in settlement of any litigation,
if such settlement is effected with the written consent of such Underwriter or otherwise permitted by Section 8(d) hereof), insofar
as such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense (or actions in respect thereof as contemplated below) arises out of or is based (i)
upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment thereto,
or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading or (ii) upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Company Additional Written
Communication, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto)
or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in Registration Statement, any Company Additional Written Communication,
any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), in reliance
upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Underwriter through the Representatives expressly for
use therein; and to reimburse the Company and each such director, officer or controlling person for any and all expenses (including the
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) as such expenses are reasonably incurred by the Company or such director, officer or controlling
person in connection with investigating, defending, settling, compromising or paying any such loss, claim, damage, liability, expense
or action. The Company hereby acknowledges that the only information that the Underwriters through the Representatives have furnished
to the Company expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any Company Additional Written Communication, any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) are the statements set forth in the
fifth paragraph, the third and fourth sentences of the seventh paragraph, the eighth paragraph, the ninth paragraph and the tenth paragraph
under the caption Underwriting in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus (the Underwriter Information).
The indemnity agreement set forth in this Section 8(b) shall be in addition to any liabilities that each Underwriter may otherwise
have.

24

(c) 
Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified
party under this Section 8 of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof
is to be made against an indemnifying party under this Section 8, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof,
but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party will not relieve it from any liability to the extent it is not materially prejudiced
as a proximate result of such failure and will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party for contribution
or otherwise than under the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 8. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified
party and such indemnified party seeks or intends to seek indemnity from an indemnifying party, the indemnifying party will be entitled
to participate in and, to the extent that it shall elect, jointly with all other indemnifying parties similarly notified, by written
notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense
thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party; provided, however, such indemnified party shall
have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such
counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party, unless: (i) the employment of such counsel has been specifically authorized
in writing by the indemnifying party, (ii) the indemnifying party has failed promptly to assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party or (iii) the named parties to any such action (including any impleaded parties) include both such
indemnified party and the indemnifying party or any affiliate of the indemnifying party, and such indemnified party shall have reasonably
concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party in conducting the defense
of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties which are different from or additional
to those available to the indemnifying party, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to select separate counsel to assume
such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on behalf of such indemnified party or parties. Upon receipt
of notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of such indemnifying partys election so to assume the defense
of such action and approval by the indemnified party of counsel, the indemnifying party will not be liable to such indemnified party
under this Section 8 for any fees and expenses of counsel subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the
defense thereof unless (i) the indemnified party shall have employed separate counsel in accordance with the proviso to the next
preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate
counsel (together with local counsel), representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such action) or (ii) the indemnifying
party shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party within a reasonable time
after notice of commencement of the action, in each of which cases, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel shall be at the expense
of the indemnifying party.

25

(d) 
Settlements. The indemnifying party under this Section 8 shall not be liable for any
settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for
the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense
by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested
an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by this Section 8, the
indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such
settlement is entered into more than 30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such
indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.
No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement, compromise or consent
to the entry of judgment in any pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could
have been a party and indemnity was or could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement, compromise
or consent (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter
of such action, suit or proceeding and (ii) does not include any statements as to or any findings of fault, culpability or failure
to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

Section 9. 
Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 8 hereof is for any reason
held to be unavailable to or otherwise insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the aggregate amount paid or payable by
such indemnified party, as incurred, as a result of any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses referred to therein (i) in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on
the other hand, from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above
is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above
but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the statements
or omissions or inaccuracies in the representations and warranties herein which resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or expenses, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand,
and the Underwriters, on the other hand, in connection with the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to be
in the same respective proportions as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement (before deducting
expenses) received by the Company, and the total underwriting discount received by the Underwriters, in each case as set forth on the
front cover page of the Prospectus bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Notes. The relative fault of the Company,
on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any such untrue
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact, any such omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, or any such inaccurate
or alleged inaccurate representation or warranty relates to information supplied by the Company, on the one hand, or the Underwriters,
on the other hand, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
statement or omission or inaccuracy.

26

The amount paid
or payable by a party as a result of the losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses referred to above shall be deemed to include,
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8 hereof, any reasonable legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by
such party in connection with investigating or defending any action or claim. The provisions set forth in Section 8 hereof with
respect to notice of commencement of any action shall apply if a claim for contribution is to be made under this Section 9; provided,
however, that no additional notice shall be required with respect to any action for which notice has been given under Section 8
hereof for purposes of indemnification.

The Company and
the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 9 were determined by pro
rata allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does
not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section 9.

Notwithstanding
the provisions of this Section 9, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the underwriting commissions
received by such Underwriter in connection with the Notes underwritten by it. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within
the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation. The Underwriters obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 9 are several, and not
joint, in proportion to their respective underwriting commitments as set forth opposite their names in Schedule I. For purposes
of this Section 9, each affiliate, director, officer, agent and employee of an Underwriter and each person, if any, who controls
an Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as such Underwriter,
and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement, and each person, if any, who controls
the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act shall have the same rights to contribution as the Company.

Section 10. 
Termination of this Agreement. The Underwriters may terminate this Agreement by notice given
by the Representatives to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date (i) trading
generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on, or by, as the case may be, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ
Global Market, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or the Chicago Board of Trade, (ii) trading of
any securities of the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market or by the Commission, or minimum
or maximum prices shall have been generally established on any of such stock exchanges by the Commission or FINRA, (iii) a material
disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred, (iv) any moratorium
on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by federal or New York State authorities, (v) there shall have occurred
any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, or any change in financial markets or any calamity or crisis that, in the judgment of the
Representatives, is material and adverse and which, singly or together with any other event specified in this clause (v), makes
it, in the judgment of the Representatives, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offer, sale or delivery of the Notes on
the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (vi) in the judgment of the Representatives
there shall have occurred any Material Adverse Change or (vii) the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall have sustained a loss
by strike, fire, flood, earthquake, accident or other calamity of such character as in the judgment of the Representatives may interfere
materially with the conduct of the business and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, regardless of whether
or not such loss shall have been insured. Any termination pursuant to this Section 10 shall be without liability on the part of
(i) the Company to any Underwriter, except that the Company shall be obligated to reimburse the expenses of the Underwriters pursuant
to Sections 4 and 6 hereof, (ii) any Underwriter to the Company or (iii) any party hereto to any other party except that
the provisions of Sections 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination.

27

Section 11. 
Representations and Indemnities to Survive Delivery. The respective indemnities, agreements,
representations, warranties and other statements of the Company, its officers and the several Underwriters set forth in or made pursuant
to this Agreement (i) will remain in full force and effect, regardless of (A) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter,
the Company or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees or any controlling person, as the case may be or (B) acceptance
of the Notes and payment for them hereunder and (ii) will survive delivery of and payment for the Notes sold hereunder and any termination
of this Agreement.

Section 12. 
Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, hand delivered
or couriered and confirmed to the parties hereto as follows:

If to the
Underwriters:

J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd floor

Morgan Stanley
& Co. LLC

1585 Broadway

New York, New York 10036

Attention: Investment Banking Division

Goldman Sachs
& Co. LLC

200 West Street

New York,
New York 10282

Attention:
Registration Department

and

PNC Capital
Markets LLC

300 Fifth Ave, 10th Floor

Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania 15222

Attention:
Debt Capital Markets, Fixed Income Transaction Execution

28

with a
copy to:

Allen Overy Shearman Sterling US LLP

800 Capitol Street, Suite 2200

Houston, Texas 77002

Attention: Taylor Landry

If to the
Company:

Steel Dynamics, Inc.

7575 West Jefferson Blvd.

Fort Wayne, Indiana 46804

Attention: Theresa E. Wagler

with a
copy to:

Barrett McNagny LLP

215 East Berry Street

Fort Wayne, Indiana 46802

Attention: Marcus A. Heminger

Any party hereto
may change the address for receipt of communications by giving written notice to the others.

In accordance with
the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Underwriters are required
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies their clients, including the Company, which information may include the name
and address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Underwriters to properly identify their respective
clients.

Section 13. 
Successors. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto,
including any substitute Underwriters pursuant to Section 18 hereof, and to the benefit of the indemnified parties referred to in
Sections 8 and 9 hereof, and in each case their respective successors, and no other person will have any right or obligation hereunder.
The term successors shall not include any purchaser of the Notes as such from any of the Underwriters merely by reason
of such purchase.

Section 14. 
Partial Unenforceability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any section, paragraph or
provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other section, paragraph or provision hereof. If any
section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is for any reason determined to be invalid or unenforceable, there shall be deemed
to be made such minor changes (and only such minor changes) as are necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

Section 15. 
Governing Law Provisions. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE
TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN SUCH STATE.

29

Section 16. 
Waiver of Jury Trial. The Company and the Underwriters hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 17. 
Consent to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (Related Proceedings) may be instituted in the federal courts of
the United States of America located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan, or the courts of the State of New York
in each case located in the City and County of New York, Borough of Manhattan (collectively, the Specified Courts), and
each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (except for suits, actions, or proceedings instituted in regard to the enforcement
of a judgment of any Specified Court in a Related Proceeding, as to which such jurisdiction is non-exclusive) of the Specified Courts
in any Related Proceeding. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail to such partys address set forth above
shall be effective service of process for any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any Related Proceeding in the Specified Courts and irrevocably and unconditionally waive
and agree not to plead or claim in any Specified Court that any Related Proceeding brought in any Specified Court has been brought in
an inconvenient forum.

Section 18. 
Default of One or More of the Several Underwriters. If any one or more of the several Underwriters
shall fail or refuse to purchase the Notes that it or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on the Closing Date, and the aggregate number
of the Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase does not exceed 10% of the aggregate
number of the Notes to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated, severally, in the proportions that the number
of Notes set forth opposite their respective names on Schedule I, bears to the aggregate number of Notes set forth opposite the
names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as may be specified by the Underwriters with the consent
of the non-defaulting Underwriters, to purchase the Notes which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused
to purchase on the Closing Date. If any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Notes and the aggregate number
of Notes with respect to which such default occurs exceeds 10% of the aggregate number of Notes to be purchased on the Closing Date,
and arrangements satisfactory to the Underwriters and the Company for the purchase of such Notes are not made within 48 hours after such
default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions of Sections 4,
6, 8 and 9 hereof shall at all times be effective and shall survive such termination. In any such case either the Underwriters or the
Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, as the case may be, but in no event for longer than seven days in order
that the required changes, if any, to the Registration Statement, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the
Prospectus or any other documents or arrangements may be effected.

30

As used in this
Agreement, the term Underwriter shall be deemed to include any person substituted for a defaulting Underwriter under this
Section 18. Any action taken under this Section 18 shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of
any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.

Section 19. 
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. The Company acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the
purchase and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement, including the determination of the offering price of the Notes and any related
discounts and commissions, is an arms-length commercial transaction between the Company, on the one hand, and the several Underwriters,
on the other hand, and the Company is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) in connection with each transaction contemplated hereby and the process
leading to such transaction each Underwriter is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the agent or fiduciary of the Company
or its affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other party, (iii) no Underwriter has assumed or will assume an advisory
or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading
thereto (irrespective of whether such Underwriter has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation
to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) the several Underwriters and their respective
affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and that the
several Underwriters have no obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any fiduciary or advisory relationship and (v) the
Underwriters have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the
Company has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they deemed appropriate. Any review by the
Representatives or any Underwriter of the Company, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions
will be performed solely for the benefit of the Representatives or such Underwriter, as the case may be, and shall not be on behalf of
the Company or any other person.

This Agreement supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings (whether written or oral) between the Company and the several Underwriters, or any of them, with
respect to the subject matter hereof. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that
the Company may have against the several Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty.

Section 20. 
Research Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Underwriters research
analysts and research departments are required to be independent from their respective investment banking divisions and are subject to
certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Underwriters research analysts may hold views and make statements or
investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company, its subsidiaries and/or the offering of the Notes
that differ from the views of their respective investment banking divisions. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any conflict of interest that may arise
from the fact that the views expressed by their independent research analysts and research departments may be different from or inconsistent
with the views or advice communicated to the Company by such Underwriters investment banking divisions. The Company acknowledges
that each of the Underwriters is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws,
may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities
of the companies that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

31

Section 21. 
Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes. 

(a) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer
from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent
as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation,
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

(b) In
the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted to
be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States.

For purposes of
this Section 13, a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity
as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that
term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is
defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that
term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S. Special
Resolution Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title
II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Section 22. 
General Provisions. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each one
of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of
an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier, facsimile or other electronic transmission (including any
electronic signature covered by the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the Electronic Signatures and
Records Act or other applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and shall be deemed to have been duly
and validly delivered and shall be valid and effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. This Agreement may not
be amended or modified unless in writing by all of the parties hereto, and no condition herein (express or implied) may be waived unless
waived in writing by each party whom the condition is meant to benefit. The section headings herein are for the convenience of the parties
only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

32

Each of the parties
hereto acknowledges that it is a sophisticated business person who was adequately represented by counsel during negotiations regarding
the provisions hereof, including, without limitation, the indemnification provisions of Section 8 and the contribution provisions of
Section 9, and is fully informed regarding said provisions. Each of the parties hereto further acknowledges that the provisions of Sections
8 and 9 hereto fairly allocate the risks in light of the ability of the parties to investigate the Company, its affairs and its business
in order to assure that adequate disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus (and
any amendments and supplements thereto), as required by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

[Signature pages
follow]

33

If the foregoing is
in accordance with your understanding of our agreement, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copies hereof, whereupon this
instrument, along with all counterparts hereof, shall become a binding agreement in accordance with its terms.

Very truly yours,

STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

By: /s/
Richard A. Poinsatte

Name: Richard A. Poinsatte

Title: Senior Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature
Page to Underwriting Agreement]

The
foregoing Underwriting Agreement is hereby confirmed and accepted by the Underwriters as of the
date first above written.

J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC

Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC

Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC

PNC Capital Markets LLC

Acting
on behalf of themselves

and as the Representatives of

the several Underwriters

J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC

By: /s/
Som Bhattacharyya 

Name: Som Bhattacharyya 

Title: Executive Director 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

By: /s/
Andrew Pocius 

Name: Andrew Pocius 

Title: Managing Director 

Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC

By: /s/
George Graf von Waldersee 

Name: George Graf von
Waldersee 

Title: Managing Director 

PNC Capital Markets LLC

By: /s/
Valerie Shadeck 

Name: Valerie Shadeck 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature
Page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE I

Underwriters Aggregate 

Principal
Amount

of 2035 Notes to

be Purchased Aggregate

Principal
Amount

of 2055 Notes to

be Purchased 

J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC $ 96,000,000 $ 64,000,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC $ 96,000,000 $ 64,000,000 

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC $ 72,000,000 $ 48,000,000 

PNC Capital Markets LLC $ 72,000,000 $ 48,000,000 

BofA Securities, Inc. $ 51,000,000 $ 34,000,000 

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC $ 51,000,000 $ 34,000,000 

Truist Securities, Inc. $ 36,000,000 $ 24,000,000 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. $ 30,000,000 $ 20,000,000 

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC $ 30,000,000 $ 20,000,000 

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. $ 30,000,000 $ 20,000,000 

BBVA Securities Inc. $ 18,000,000 $ 12,000,000 

U.S. Bancorp
Investments, Inc. $ 18,000,000 $ 12,000,000 

Total $ 600,000,000 $ 400,000,000 

Schedule I-1

SCHEDULE II

DIRECT AND
INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES

Name Percent
of

capital 

stock/equity 

units owned 

by Steel 

Dynamics,

Inc. Percent
of

voting 

stock/voting

units owned by 

Steel Dynamics,

Inc. 

Aluminum Dynamics,
Inc. 100 % 100 %

Aluminum Dynamics, LLC 94.4 % 94.4 %

Aluminum Dynamics of Mexico,
S. de R.L. de C.V. 100 % 100 %

Camro Transportes S.A. de C.V. 100 % 100 %

Dynamic Aviation, LLC 100 % 100 %

Dynamic Holdings, LLC 100 % 100 %

Edgerton Land Holdings, LLC 100 % 100 %

Intersection 215, LLC 100 % 100 %

Merchants Capital Tax Credit
Equity Fund 13, L.P. 99.99 % 99.99 %

Marshall Steel, Inc. 100 % 100 %

Mesabi Mining, LLC 100 % 100 %

Mesabi Nugget Delaware, LLC 85.98 % 85.98 %

Metallicum Group, LLC (f/k/a
Ferrous Resources, LLC) 100 % 100 %

Mining Resources LLC 100 % 100 %

NanoAl, LLC 94.4 % 94.4 %

New Millennium Building Systems
Holdings DE Mexico, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 100 % 100 %

New Millennium Building Systems,
LLC 100 % 100 %

New Millennium Joist & Deck
DE Mexico, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. 100 % 100 %

OmniSource Holdings, LLC 100 % 100 %

OmniSource Limited, LLC (f/k/a
OmniSource, LLC) 100 % 100 %

OmniSource Metals, S.A. de C.V. 100 % 100 %

OmniSource Mexico S.A. de C.V. 100 % 100 %

OmniSource Scrap Metals Management
of Mexico, S.de.R.L. de C.V. 100 % 100 %

OmniSource Transport, LLC 100 % 100 %

OmniSource, LLC (f/k/a OmniSource
Corporation) 100 % 100 %

RA del Bajio S.A. de C.V. 100 % 100 %

Roanoke Electric Steel Corporation 100 % 100 %

SDI Biocarbon Solutions, LLC 76.2 % 76.2 %

SDI LaFarga, LLC 55 % 55 %

Steel Dynamics Columbus, LLC 100 % 100 %

Steel Dynamics Enterprises,
Inc. 100 % 100 %

Steel Dynamics Heartland, LLC 100 % 100 %

Steel Dynamics Investments,
LLC 100 % 100 %

Steel Dynamics Mexico, S. de
R.L. de C.V 100 % 100 %

Steel Dynamics Sales North America,
Inc. 100 % 100 %

Steel Dynamics Southwest, LLC 100 % 100 %

Steel of West Virginia, Inc. 100 % 100 %

Steel Ventures, Inc. 100 % 100 %

STLD Holdings, Inc. 100 % 100 %

Superior Aluminum Alloys, LLC 100 % 100 %

SWVA, Inc. 100 % 100 %

SWVA Kentucky, LLC 100 % 100 %

The Techs Industries, Inc. 100 % 100 %

United Steel Supply, LLC 90 % 90 %

Viking Land, LLC 100 % 100 %

Vulcan Threaded Products, Inc. 100 % 100 %

Schedule II-1

SCHEDULE III

Final Term
Sheet 

[Attached]

Filed Pursuant
to Rule 433 under the Securities Act of 1933

Registration Statement
No. 333-268703

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus, dated March 10, 2025

STEEL
DYNAMICS, INC.

PRICING TERM SHEET

March 10, 2025

This term sheet to the preliminary
prospectus dated March 10, 2025 should be read together with the preliminary prospectus before making a decision in connection with an
investment in the securities. The information in this term sheet supersedes the information contained in the preliminary prospectus to
the extent that it is inconsistent therewith. 

$600,000,000 5.250% Notes due 2035(the 2035 Notes)

$400,000,000 5.750% Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes)

Issuer: Steel Dynamics,
Inc.

Security Type: Senior Unsecured Notes

Expected Ratings*: [RESTRICTED]

Security: 5.250% Notes due 2035 

5.750% Notes due 2055 

Size: 2035 Notes: $600,000,000 

2055 Notes: $400,000,000 

Maturity Dates: 2035 Notes: May 15, 2035

2055 Notes: May 15, 2055 

Coupon: 2035 Notes: 5.250%

2055 Notes: 5.750% 

Interest Payment Dates: 2035 Notes: May 15 and November 15, commencing November 15, 2025 

2055 Notes: May 15 and November 15, commencing November 15, 2025

Price to Public: 2035Notes:
98.976% of the principal amount 

2055 Notes: 97.029% of the principal amount 

Benchmark Treasury: 2035Notes:
4.625% due February 15, 2035

2055 Notes: 4.500% due November 15, 2054 

Benchmark Treasury Price
and Yield: 2035Notes:
103-05+; 4.230%

2055 Notes: 98-31+; 4.562% 

Spread to Benchmark
Treasury: 2035 Notes: + 115bps

2055 Notes: + 140 bps 

Schedule III-1

Yield to
Maturity: 2035 Notes: 5.380%

2055 Notes: 5.962% 

Make-Whole Call: 2035 Notes: T + 20bps 

2055 Notes: T + 25 bps 

Par Call Dates: 2035 Notes: At any time
on or after February 15, 2035 (three months prior to the maturity date) 

2055 Notes: At any time on or after November 15, 2054 (six months prior to the maturity date) 

Trade Date: March 10, 2025

Expected Settlement
Date**: March 12,2025
(T+2)

Denominations: $2,000 and integral multiples
of $1,000 in excess thereof

CUSIP / ISIN: 2035 Notes: 858119BS8 / US858119BS89

2055 Notes: 858119BT6 / US858119BT62 

Joint Book-Running Managers: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 

PNC Capital Markets LLC

BofA Securities, Inc.

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

Truist Securities, Inc. 

Senior Co-Managers: BMO Capital Markets Corp.

Citizens JMP Securities, LLC

Fifth Third Securities, Inc. 

Co-Managers: BBVA Securities Inc.

U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. 

*Note: A securities
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time.

**It
is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made to investors on or about March 12, 2025, which will be the second business day following
the trade date set forth above (such settlement being referred to as T+2). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, trades in the secondary market are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade
expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the Notes prior to one business day before delivery date will be
required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially settle in T+2, to specify an alternate settlement arrangement at the time of
any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Such purchasers should consult their own advisors in this regard.

Schedule III-2

The issuer has
filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) for
the offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and
the related prospectus supplement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer
and this offering.

You may get these documents for free
by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Web site at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the issuer, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering
will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by calling J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, telephone: collect at 1-212-834-4533;
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, telephone: 866-718-1649; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, telephone: 866-471-2526; and PNC Capital Markets
LLC, telephone: 855-881-0697.

Any
disclaimer or other notice that may appear below is not applicable to this communication and should be disregarded. Such disclaimer or
notice was automatically generated as a result of this communication being sent by Bloomberg or another email system.

Schedule III-3

ANNEX I

Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus

Final Term Sheet

Annex I

ANNEX II

Company Additional
Written Communication

Investor Presentation,
dated March 10, 2025

Annex II
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_ex4-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2

STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.,

as Issuer

and

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

Dated as of March 12, 2025

Supplemental to Indenture dated as of December 7,
2022

SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of March 12,
2025 (this Second Supplemental Indenture), made and entered into by and between Steel Dynamics, Inc., a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana, having its principal office at 7575 West Jefferson Blvd., Fort Wayne, Indiana
46804 (the Company), and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, a national banking association duly organized and
existing under the laws of the United States of America, as Trustee (the Trustee) under the indenture of the Company dated
as of December 7, 2022 (the Indenture).

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides for the issuance
from time to time of Debt Securities, issuable for the purposes and subject to the limitations contained in the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, Section 9.01(j) of the Indenture
also provides that the Company and the Trustee may enter into one or more indentures supplemental to the Indenture without the consent
of any Holder to provide for the form or terms of Debt Securities of any series as permitted by Sections 2.01 and 2.03 of the Indenture;
and

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the creation
of a series of its Debt Securities denominated its 5.250% Notes due 2035 in the principal amount of $600,000,000 (the 2035
Notes); and

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the creation
of a series of its Debt Securities denominated its 5.750% Notes due 2055 in the principal amount of $400,000,000 (the 2055
Notes and, together with the 2035 Notes, the Notes); and

WHEREAS, the entry into this Second Supplemental
Indenture by the parties hereto is in all respects authorized by the provisions of the Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the execution
and delivery of this Second Supplemental Indenture, and all things necessary have been done to make the Notes, when executed by the Company
and authenticated and delivered hereunder and duly issued by the Company, the valid obligations of the Company, and to make this Second
Supplemental Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with their and its terms; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Trustee to join
with it in the execution and delivery of this Second Supplemental Indenture, and in accordance with Section 2.05, Section 9.03
and Section 12.05 of the Indenture, the Company has duly adopted and delivered to the Trustee, resolutions of its Board of Directors
authorizing the execution delivery of this Second Supplemental Indenture, and has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of this Second Supplemental Indenture complies with Article IX of the Indenture
and that all conditions precedent to its execution have been complied with, and the Indenture and this Second Supplemental Indenture are
valid and binding upon the Company and enforceable in accordance with their terms.

NOW, THEREFORE:

For and in consideration of the premises and purchase
of the Debt Securities of any series issued on or after the date hereof by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed,
for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Debt Securities of any such series, as follows:

ARTICLE I

CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION

SECTION 101 Definitions.

For all purposes of the Indenture and this Second
Supplemental Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:

(1) the terms defined in this Article I
have the meanings assigned to them in this Article I;

2

(2) the words herein, hereof
and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to the Indenture and this Second Supplemental Indenture as a whole
and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision; and

(3) capitalized terms used but not defined
herein are used as they are defined in the Indenture.

Attributable Indebtedness with respect
to a Sale/Leaseback Transaction means, as of the time of determination, (i) if the obligation with respect to such Sale/Leaseback
Transaction is a Finance Lease Obligation, the amount of such obligation determined in accordance with GAAP and included in the financial
statements of the lessee or (ii) if the obligation with respect to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction is not a Finance Lease Obligation,
the total Net Amount of Rent required to be paid by the lessee under such lease during the remaining term thereof (including any period
for which the lease has been extended), discounted from the respective due dates thereof to such determination date at the rate per annum
borne by the Notes compounded semi-annually.

Change of Control means the occurrence
of any of the following after the date of issuance of the Notes:

1. the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a
series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act);

2. a person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) becomes
the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the total voting
power of the Voting Stock of the Company on a fully diluted basis;

3. the adoption of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company;

4. individuals who on the date of issuance constitute the Board of Directors (together with any new directors whose election by the Board
of Directors or whose nomination by the Board of Directors for election by the Companys stockholders was approved by a vote of
at least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors then in office who either were members of the Board of Directors on the date
of issuance or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of
the members of the Board of Directors then in office; or

5. the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into the Company,
in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company or such other Person is converted
into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where (A) the Voting Stock of the Company
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction is converted into or exchanged for Voting Stock of the surviving or transferee Person
constituting a majority of the outstanding shares of such Voting Stock of such surviving or transferee Person (immediately after giving
effect to such issuance) and (B) immediately after such transaction, no person or group (as such terms
are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes, directly or indirectly, the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more
of the voting power of the Voting Stock of the surviving or transferee Person.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will
not be deemed to involve a Change of Control solely because the Company shall become a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a
holding company if the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of such holding company immediately following that transaction are
substantially the same as the holders of the Companys Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction.

Change of Control Offer has the
meaning set forth in Section 203(a) hereof.

Change of Control Payment has the
meaning set forth in Section 203(a) hereof.

Change of Control Payment Date has
the meaning set forth in Section 203(b) hereof.

3

Change of Control Triggering Event
means, with respect to a series of Notes, (i) the rating of such Notes by two of the three Rating Agencies is lowered at any time
during the period (the Trigger Period) commencing on the earlier of (a) the occurrence of a Change of Control and (b) the
first public announcement by the Company of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control), and ending 60 days following consummation
of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended following consummation of a Change of Control for so long as any of the
Rating Agencies has publicly announced that it is considering a possible ratings change), and (ii) such Notes are rated below Investment
Grade by two of the three Rating Agencies on any day during the Trigger Period.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control
Triggering Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control
has actually been consummated.

Consolidated Net Tangible Assets
means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the amounts that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the total assets (less accumulated depletion, depreciation and amortization, allowances for doubtful receivables, other
applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance
with GAAP, after giving effect to purchase accounting and after deducting therefrom, to the extent included in total assets, in each case
as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (without duplication): (i) the aggregate amount of liabilities of the
Company and its Subsidiaries that may properly be classified as current liabilities (including taxes accrued as estimated); (ii) current
Indebtedness and current maturities of long-term Indebtedness; (iii) minority interests in the Companys Subsidiaries held
by Persons other than the Company or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company; and (iv) unamortized debt discount and expenses and
other unamortized deferred charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses, organization or developmental
expenses and other intangible items.

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc.,
also known as Fitch Ratings, and any successor to its rating agency business.

Investment Grade means a rating
of Baa3 or better by Moodys (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moodys), a rating of BBB- or better
by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P), a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or the equivalent
under any successor rating category of Fitch) and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement rating agency or
rating agencies selected by the Company under the circumstances permitting the Company to select a replacement agency and in the manner
for selecting a replacement agency, in each case as set forth in the definition of Rating Agency.

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business.

Net Amount of Rent as to any lease
for any period means the aggregate amount of rent payable by the lessee with respect to such period after excluding amounts required to
be paid on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates and similar charges. In the case of any lease
that is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such net amount shall also include the amount of such penalty, but no
rent shall be considered as payable under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be so terminated.

Rating Agencies means Moodys,
S&P and Fitch; provided that if any of Moodys, S&P or Fitch ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of
the Notes publicly available for reasons outside of the Companys control, the Company may appoint another nationally recognized
statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act as a replacement for such Rating
Agency.

S&P means S&P Global Ratings,
a division of S&P Global Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business.

4

Sale/Leaseback Transaction means
an arrangement relating to property owned on the date of issuance of the Notes or thereafter acquired whereby the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries transfers such property to a Person and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries leases it from such Person.

Treasury Rate has the meaning set
forth in Section 202 hereof.

Voting Stock of any specified Person
as of any date means the capital stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors
of such Person.

SECTION 102 Effect of Headings.

The Article and Section headings herein
are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

SECTION 103 Successors and Assigns.

All covenants and agreements in this Second Supplemental
Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

SECTION 104 Severability.

In case any provision in this Second Supplemental
Indenture or the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

SECTION 105 Conflict with Trust
Indenture Act.

If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts
with another provision hereof which is required to be included in this Second Supplemental Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust
Indenture Act, such required provision shall control.

SECTION 106 Benefits of Second
Supplemental Indenture.

Nothing in this Second Supplemental Indenture,
expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, and the Holders of the Notes
any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Second Supplemental Indenture.

SECTION 107 Governing Law.

THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND THE NOTES
SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE AND EACH SUCH NOTE
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

ARTICLE II

THE NOTES

SECTION 201 Title and Terms.

There are hereby created under the Indenture a
series of Debt Securities known and designated as the 5.250% Notes due 2035 and a series of Debt Securities known and designated
as the 5.750% Notes due 2055 of the Company. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered
under this Second Supplemental Indenture is initially limited to $600,000,000 for the 2035 Notes and $400,000,000 for the 2055 Notes,
except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon reregistration of, transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Notes pursuant
to Sections 2.07, 2.08, 2.09 or 9.04 of the Indenture.

5

The Company may without notice to or the consent
of the Holders of the Notes, issue in separate offerings additional notes having the same ranking, interest rate, maturity and other terms
as the Notes (other than the date of issuance and, under certain circumstances, the first interest payment date following the issue date
of such additional notes). Any such additional notes, together with the applicable series of Notes, will form a single series of Debt
Securities under the Indenture.

The Stated Maturity shall be May 15, 2035
for payment of principal of the 2035 Notes and May 15, 2055 for payment of principal of the 2055 Notes. The 2035 Notes shall bear
interest at the rate of 5.250% per annum, from March 12, 2025 or the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been
paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year (commencing November 15,
2025), to the Persons in whose names the 2035 Notes are registered at the close of business on May 1 or November 1, as the case
may be, next preceding such interest payment date, until principal thereof is paid or made available for payment. The 2055 Notes shall
bear interest at the rate of 5.750% per annum, from March 12, 2025 or the most recent interest payment date to which interest has
been paid or duly provided for, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year (commencing November 15,
2025), to the Persons in whose names the 2055 Notes are registered at the close of business on May 1 or November 1, as the case
may be, next preceding such interest payment date, until principal thereof is paid or made available for payment.

The Notes shall be initially issued in the form
of a Global Security and the depositary for the Notes shall be The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York.

The Notes shall not be subject to any sinking
fund.

The Notes shall be in registered form without
coupons and shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.

The forms of the 2035 Notes and 2055 Notes, attached
hereto as Exhibit A and Exhibit B, respectively, are hereby adopted, pursuant to Section 9.01(j) of the Indenture,
as forms of Debt Securities of the applicable series that consist of the Notes.

SECTION 202 Optional Redemption.

(a) The provisions
of Article III of the Indenture, as amended by the provisions of this Second Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes.

(b) 
Prior to February 15, 2035 (the date that is three months prior to their Stated Maturity) in the case of the 2035 Notes and
prior to November 15, 2054 (the date that is six months prior to their Stated Maturity) in the case of the 2055 Notes, the Company
may redeem the Notes of either or both series at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price
(expressed as a percentage of principal amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the
sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming
the Notes matured on the Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury
Rate plus 20 basis points in the case of the 2035 Notes and 25 basis points in the case of the 2055 Notes, less (b) interest
accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be
redeemed,

plus,
in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Par
Call Date means (i) with respect to the 2035 Notes, February 15, 2035 (three months prior to their Stated Maturity)
and (ii) with respect to the 2055 Notes, November 15, 2054 (six months prior to their Stated Maturity).

6

On or after the Par Call Date, the Company may
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Company in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for
the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields 
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line
basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15
shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity
from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption
date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States
Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call
Date, the Company shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two
or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria
of the preceding sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury
security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield
to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal
places.

The Companys actions and determinations
in determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically
delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
the redemption date to each Registered Holder of the Notes of a series to be redeemed at its registered address. The notice of redemption
for the Notes will state, among other things, the amount of Notes to be redeemed, the redemption date, the manner in which the redemption
price will be calculated and the place or places that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of Notes of a series to be
redeemed.

In addition, any notice of redemption may, at the
Companys discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a corporate transaction
that is pending (such as an equity or equity-linked offering, an incurrence of indebtedness or an acquisition or other strategic transaction
involving a change of control in the Company or another entity). In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction
of one or more conditions precedent, the Company may, in the Companys discretion, delay the redemption date until such time as
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event
that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so delayed.

7

In the case of a partial redemption, selection
of the Notes for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate
and fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only, the
notice of redemption will state the portion of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed. A new note in a principal amount equal
to the unredeemed portion of the Notes will be issued in the name of the Registered Holder of the Notes upon surrender for cancellation
of the original Notes. For so long as the Notes are held by DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of the Notes shall be done in
accordance with the policies and procedures of the Depositary.

Unless the Company defaults in payment of the redemption
price, on and after the applicable redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes of a series or portions thereof called
for redemption.

SECTION 203 Purchase
upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.

(a) Upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to a series of Notes, unless the Company has exercised its right to redeem such Notes
in full by giving irrevocable notice to the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture, each holder of such series of Notes will have the
right to require the Company to purchase all or a portion of such holders Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change
of Control Offer) at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to
the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment), subject to the rights of holders of such Notes on the relevant record
date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date.

(b) Unless the Company
has exercised its right to redeem such Notes, within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event occurred
with respect to a series of Notes or, at the Companys option, prior to any Change of Control but after the public announcement
of the pending Change of Control, the Company will be required to send, by first class mail, (or with respect to global notes, to the
extent permitted or required by applicable DTC procedures or regulations, send electronically) a notice to each holder of such Notes,
with a copy to the Trustee, which notice will govern the terms of the Change of Control Offer. The notice will state, among other things,
the purchase date, which must be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days after the date the notice is mailed or sent, other than
as may be required by law (the Change of Control Payment Date). The notice, if mailed prior or sent to the date of consummation
of the Change of Control, will state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or
prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

(c) On the Change
of Control Payment Date, the Company will, to the extent lawful:

(i) accept
or cause a third party to accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

(ii) deposit
or cause a third party to deposit with the paying agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions
of Notes properly tendered; and

(iii) deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate
principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased and that all conditions precedent to the Change of Control Offer and to
the purchase by the Company of Notes pursuant to the Change of Control Offer have been complied with.

(d) The Company will not
be required to make a Change of Control Offer with respect to the Notes if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times
and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for such an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all the Notes properly
tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.

8

(e) The Company will comply
in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations
thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change
of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of
Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the Company will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have
breached its obligations under this Section 203 by virtue of any such conflict.

SECTION 204 Limitation on Liens.

Except as provided below, the Company shall not,
and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or permit
to exist any Indebtedness secured by a Lien on any Principal Property or any shares of stock of or any Indebtedness of any Restricted
Subsidiary, whether owned on the date of issuance of the Notes or thereafter acquired, unless the Company contemporaneously secures the
Notes equally and ratably with (or prior to) such Indebtedness, except that the foregoing restrictions shall not apply to Indebtedness
secured by:

1. Liens on any property, shares of stock or Indebtedness of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary;

2. Liens on property or shares of stock existing at the time of acquisition of such property or stock by the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary;

3. Liens to secure (a) the payment of all or any part of the price of acquisition, construction, alteration, expansion, repair or
improvement of property, assets or stock by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or (b) any Indebtedness incurred by the Company
or a Restricted Subsidiary prior to, at the time of or within 180 days after the later of the acquisition or completion of construction,
alteration, expansion, repair or improvements of such property (including any improvements on an existing property), which Indebtedness
is incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or construction, alteration, expansion, repair
or improvements thereon; provided, however, that, in the case of any such acquisition, construction, alteration, expansion, repair or
improvement, the Lien shall not apply to any property theretofore owned by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, other than, in the
case of any such construction, alteration, expansion, repair or improvement, any theretofore substantially unimproved real property on
which the property or improvement so constructed is located;

4. Liens securing Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Company, a Restricted Subsidiary or a wholly-owned
Subsidiary;

5. Liens on property of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary
or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of the properties of a Person as an entirety or substantially as an entirety to the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary;

6. Liens on property of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary in favor of the United States or any state thereof, or any department,
agency or instrumentality or political subdivision of the United States or any state thereof, or in favor of any other country or any
political subdivision thereof, or any department, agency or instrumentality of such country or political subdivision, to secure partial
progress, advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to secure any Indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing
all or any part of the purchase price or the cost of construction of the property subject to such Liens;

7. Liens existing as of the date of the Second Supplemental Indenture;

8. Liens resulting from the deposit of funds or evidences of Indebtedness in trust for the purpose of defeasing Indebtedness of the Company
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

9

9. Liens to banks arising from the issuance of letters of credit issued by such banks (issuing banks) which constitute
borrowed money on the following: (a) any and all shipping documents, warehouse receipts, policies or certificates of insurance and
other documents accompanying or relative to drafts drawn under any credit, and any draft drawn thereunder (whether or not such documents,
goods or other property be released to or upon the order of the Company or any Subsidiary under a security agreement or trust or bailee
receipt or otherwise), and the proceeds of each and all of the foregoing; (b) the balance of every deposit account, now or at the
time hereafter existing, of the Company or any Subsidiary with the issuing banks, and any other claims of the Company or any Subsidiary
against the issuing banks; and all property claims and demands and all rights and interests therein of the Company or any Subsidiary and
all evidences thereof and all proceeds thereof which have been or at any time will be delivered to or otherwise come into the issuing
banks possession, custody or control, or into the possession, custody or control of any bailee for the issuing bank or of any of
its agents or correspondents for the account of the issuing bank, for any purpose, whether or not for the express purpose of being used
by the issuing bank as collateral security or for the safekeeping or for any other or different purpose, the issuing bank being deemed
to have possession or control of all of such property actually in transit to or from or set apart for the issuing bank, any bailee for
the issuing bank or any of its correspondents acting in its behalf, it being understood that the receipt at any time by the issuing bank,
or any of its bailees, agents or correspondents, or other security, of whatever nature, including cash, will not be deemed a waiver of
any of the issuing banks rights or powers hereunder; (c) all property shipped under or pursuant to or in connection with any
credit or drafts drawn thereunder or in any way related thereto, and all proceeds thereof; or (d) all additions to and substitutions
for any of the property enumerated above in this subsection;

10. any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part of any Liens referred
to in clauses (1) through (9) above; provided, however, that the principal amount of Indebtedness so secured shall not exceed
the principal amount of Indebtedness so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal
or replacement shall be limited to all or a part of the property which secured the Liens so extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements
and construction on such property);

11. Liens securing the payment of taxes and special assessments, either not yet due or the validity of which is being contested by the
Person being charged in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and as to which it has set aside on its books adequate reserves to the
extent required by GAAP;

12. deposits or Liens securing property or shares of stock under workers compensation, unemployment insurance and social security
laws, or to secure the performance of bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money) or leases, or to secure
statutory obligations or surety or appeal bonds, or to secure indemnity, performance or other similar bonds in the ordinary course of
business;

13. any attachment Lien being contested in good faith and by proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, unless the attachment
giving rise thereto will not, within sixty days after the entry thereof, have been discharged or fully bonded or will not have been discharged
within sixty days after the termination of any such bond;

14. any judgment Lien, unless (a) the judgment it secures will not, within sixty days after the entry thereof, have been discharged
or execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or will not have been discharged within sixty days after the expiration of any such stay or
(b) the judgment it secures would result in an Event of Default under Section 6.01 of the Indenture;

15. easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions and other restrictions, charges or encumbrances not materially interfering with the
ordinary conduct of the business; or

16. any Lien securing Indebtedness of a Person which is a Successor Company to the Company to the extent permitted by Section 10.01
of the Indenture.

10

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and
its Restricted Subsidiaries may, without securing the Notes, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or permit to exist any Indebtedness
secured by a Lien, other than those permitted pursuant to clauses (1) through (16) above, if, after giving pro forma effect to the
Incurrence of such Indebtedness (and the receipt and application of the proceeds thereof) or the securing of outstanding Indebtedness,
the sum of (without duplication) (i) all Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by Liens (other than
those Liens permitted pursuant to clauses (1) through (16) above) and (ii) all Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Sale/Leaseback
Transactions with respect to any Principal Property, at the time of determination, does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets.

SECTION 205 Limitation on Sale/Leaseback
Transactions.

The Company shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Sale/Leaseback Transaction with respect to any Principal Property, unless (i) the Company
or such Subsidiary would be entitled to create a Lien on such Principal Property securing Indebtedness in an amount equal to the Attributable
Indebtedness with respect to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction without securing the Notes pursuant to Section 204 hereof or (ii) the
Company, within six months from the effective date of such Sale/Leaseback Transaction, applies to the voluntary defeasance or retirement
(excluding retirements of Notes and other Indebtedness ranking pari passu with the Notes as a result of conversions, pursuant to mandatory
sinking funds or mandatory prepayment provisions or by payment at maturity) of notes or other Indebtedness ranking pari passu with the
Notes an amount equal to the Attributable Indebtedness with respect to such Sale/Leaseback Transaction.

ARTICLE III

AMENDMENTS

SECTION 301 Statement by Officers
as to Default.

Section 4.05 of the Indenture, as amended
by the provisions of this Second Supplemental Indenture, shall replace such Section in its entirety to read as follows:

The Company will deliver to the Trustee, on or
before a date not more than four months after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (currently ending December 31) ending after
the date hereof, an Officers Certificate, one signer of which shall be either the principal executive officer, the principal financial
officer or the principal accounting officer of the Company and that need not comply with Section 12.05, stating, as to each officer
signing such certificate (i) that in the course of his or her performance of his or her duties as an officer of the Company he or
she would normally have knowledge of any Default, (ii) whether or not to the best of his or her knowledge the Company was in compliance
with all conditions and covenants under this Indenture during such year and (iii) if to the best of his or her knowledge the Company
is in Default, specifying all such Defaults and what action the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto. The Company
also shall comply with Section 314(a)(4) of the Trust Indenture Act.

SECTION 302 Events of Default.

(a) Section 6.01(b) of the Indenture shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

default in the payment of the principal
of or premium, if any, on any Debt Securities of that series as and when the same shall become due and payable, whether at maturity, upon
redemption, by declaration, upon required repurchase or otherwise; or.

(b) Section 6.01(c) of the Indenture shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

default in the making of any payment for
a sinking, purchase or analogous fund provided for in respect of any of the Debt Securities of that series, as and when the same shall
become due and payable; or.

11

ARTICLE IV

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 401 Discharge.

If the Company shall effect a defeasance of the
Notes pursuant to Article XI of the Indenture, the Company shall cease to have any obligation to comply with the covenants set forth
in Sections 204 and 205 hereof.

SECTION 402 Confirmation of
Indenture.

The Indenture, as supplemented and amended by
this Second Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the Indenture and this Second Supplemental Indenture
shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument.

SECTION 403 Concerning the Trustee.

The Trustee assumes no duties, responsibilities
or liabilities by reason of this Second Supplemental Indenture other than as set forth in the Indenture. The Trustee makes no representations
and shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of this Second Supplemental Indenture, the Notes or for or in respect of
the recitals contained herein. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights, powers, privileges, and immunities
of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Second Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though
set forth in full herein. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of the Notes or the proceeds
thereof.

SECTION 404 Counterparts.

This Second Supplemental Indenture may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
instrument. The exchange of copies of this Second Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Second Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu
of the original Second Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. The execution and authentication of the Notes shall be effected by manual,
facsimile or electronic signature and shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes hereunder for the Notes (other than the authentication
of the Notes by the Trustee). Signatures of the parties hereto effected by manual, facsimile or electronic signature and transmitted by
facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Second Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

By: /s/ Richard A. Poinsatte

Name: Richard A. Poinsatte

Title: Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ Brandon Bonfig

Name: Brandon Bonfig

Title: Vice President

[Signature
Page to the Second Supplemental Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

[Form of Face of Global Note]

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR THE INDIVIDUAL
DEBT SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE
TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

5.250%
Note due May 15, 2035

CUSIP No. 858119 BS8 

ISIN No. US858119BS89

No. [] $[]

STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

Steel
Dynamics, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana (herein called the Issuer,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to) as obligor, for value received, hereby promises
to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [] DOLLARS ($[]) on May 15, 2035, and
to pay interest thereon from March 12, 2025, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 in each year, commencing November 15, 2025, at the rate of 5.250%
per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
comprised of twelve 30-day months. The Issuer shall also pay interest on overdue principal or installments of interest at such rate. The
interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any interest payment date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest, which shall
be May 1 or November 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such interest payment date. Any interest
on this Debt Security which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on the dates and in the manner provided in this
Debt Security and the Indenture shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Registered Holder hereof on the relevant record date, and such
Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Issuer to the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered at the close of business on
a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to the Holder
of this Debt Security not less than 10 days prior to such special record date, or may be paid by the Issuer on this Debt Security
in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which this Debt Security may be listed,
and upon such notice as may be required by such securities exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, payment of interest on this Debt Security shall be made at the corporate trust office of the Trustee or,
at the option of the Issuer, by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Debt Security
Register or, at the option of the Registered Holder, by wire transfer to an account designated by the Registered Holder, in such coin
or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set
forth at this place.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon
has been executed by the Trustee referred to herein by manual signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under
the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

A-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this
instrument to be duly executed.

Dated: March 12, 2025 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Debt Securities of the series designated therein
referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 12, 2025 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

A-3

[REVERSE OF GLOBAL NOTE]

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized
issue of securities of the Issuer (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under
an Indenture dated as of December 7, 2022 (the Base Indenture ) as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture),
between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee), and reference
is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the
Issuer, the Trustee and the Registered Holders of the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof.

Prior to February 15, 2035 (the date that
is three months prior to the Stated Maturity of this Debt Security) (the Par Call Date), the Issuer may redeem this Debt
Security at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal
amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming this Debt Security matured on the Par
Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points,
less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of this Debt Security
to be redeemed,

plus,
in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem
this Debt Security, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of this Debt Security being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for
the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields 
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line
basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15
shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity
from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption
date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States
Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call
Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria
of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury
security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield
to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal
places.

A-4

The Issuers actions and determinations in
determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically
delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
the redemption date to each Registered Holder at its registered address. The notice of redemption for this Debt Security will state, among
other things, the amount of this Debt Security to be redeemed, the redemption date, the manner in which the redemption price will be calculated
and the place or places that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of this Debt Security.

In addition, any notice of redemption may, at the
Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a corporate transaction
that is pending (such as an equity or equity-linked offering, an incurrence of indebtedness or an acquisition or other strategic transaction
involving a change of control in the Issuer or another entity). In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of
one or more conditions precedent, the Issuer may, in the Issuers discretion, delay the redemption date until such time as any or
all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so delayed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection
of the Debt Security for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems
appropriate and fair. No Debt Security of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If this Debt Security is to be
redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption will state the portion of the principal amount of this Debt Security to be redeemed. A
new Debt Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of this Debt Security will be issued in the name of the Registered
Holder of this Debt Security upon surrender for cancellation of the original Debt Security. For so long as this Debt Security is held
by DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of this Debt Security shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the
Depositary.

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption
price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on this Debt Security or portions thereof called for redemption.

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering
Event with respect to this Debt Security, unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem this Debt Security in full as set forth
in Section 202 of the Second Supplemental Indenture, by giving irrevocable notice to the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture,
each Holder of this Debt Security will have the right to require the Issuer to purchase all or a portion of such Holders Debt Security
pursuant to a Change of Control Offer, at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment), subject to the rights of Holders of this Debt Security
on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date.

Unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem
this Debt Security, within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event occurred with respect to this
Debt Security or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control but after the public announcement of the pending Change
of Control, the Issuer will be required to send by first class mail or, to the extent permitted or required by applicable DTC procedures
or regulations, send electronically, a notice to each Holder of this Debt Security, with a copy to the Trustee, which notice will govern
the terms of the Change of Control Offer. The notice will state, among other things, the purchase date, which must be no earlier than
30 days nor later than 60 days after the date the notice is mailed or sent, other than as may be required by law (the Change of
Control Payment Date). The notice, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, will state that
the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

A-5

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer
will, to the extent lawful:

(i) accept or
cause a third party to accept for payment all Debt Securities of this series or portions of Debt Securities of this series properly tendered
pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

(ii) deposit
or cause a third party to deposit with the paying agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Debt Securities
of this series or portions of Debt Securities of this series properly tendered; and

(iii) deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Debt Securities of this series properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate
stating the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series or portions of Debt Securities of this series being purchased
and that all conditions precedent to the Change of Control Offer and to the purchase by the Issuer of the Debt Securities of this series
pursuant to the Change of Control Offer have been complied with.

The Issuer will not be required to make a Change
of Control Offer with respect to this Debt Security if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in
compliance with the requirements for such an offer made by the Issuer and such third party purchases all the Debt Securities of this series
properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.

The Issuer will comply in all material respects
with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent
those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of this Debt Security as a result of a Change of Control Triggering
Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions
of this Debt Security, the Issuer will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations
under Section 203 of the Second Supplemental Indenture by virtue of any such conflict.

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance
at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Debt Security or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this
Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. Such provisions shall be applicable to
this Debt Security, as amended as restated by the Second Supplemental Indenture.

If an Event of Default with respect to this Debt
Security shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and interest on this Debt Security may be declared due and payable in the manner
and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions
as therein provided, without notice to any Holder but with the consent of Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the Outstanding Debt Securities of each series affected by such supplemental indenture, the Issuer and the Trustee at any time to enter
into an indenture or supplemental indenture for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of
the provisions of the Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities
of such series. The Indenture also permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, prior to the acceleration of the maturity of
the Debt Securities of any series, the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities of that series
at the time Outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all the Debt Securities of that series waive any past Default or Event of Default
and its consequences for that series specified in the terms thereof. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall
be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security.

A-6

As provided in and subject to the provisions of
the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any action or proceeding at law or in equity or
in bankruptcy or otherwise, upon or under or with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any
other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default with respect
to the Debt Securities of this series and of the continuance thereof and unless the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal
amount of the Outstanding Debt Securities of this series shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action or
proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee thereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such security
or indemnity, and the Trustee, for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of security or indemnity shall have
failed to institute any such action or proceedings and no direction inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the
Trustee by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding. The
foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof
or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision
of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to
pay the principal of and interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the Debt Security Register, upon surrender of this
Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer in any Place of Payment, duly endorsed or accompanied
by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar duly executed by
the Registered Holder or the Registered Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon the Issuer shall execute and
the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or transferees a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of authorized
denominations for a like aggregate principal amount.

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable
only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in
the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable in whole or in part
for a like aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor and terms of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, no service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer of Debt Securities, but the Issuer
may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto.

Prior to due presentation for registration of
transfer of this Debt Security, the Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent or any Registrar may deem and treat the Person in whose name
this Debt Security is registered as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security shall be overdue, and
none of the Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent or any Registrar shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

All terms used in this Debt Security which are
defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

A-7

EXHIBIT B

[Form of Face of Global Note]

UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR THE INDIVIDUAL
DEBT SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE
DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE
TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY.

UNLESS THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED
BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

5.750%
Note due May 15, 2055

CUSIP No. 858119 BT6

ISIN No. US858119BT62

No. [] $[]

STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

Steel
Dynamics, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Indiana (herein called the Issuer,
which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to) as obligor, for value received, hereby promises
to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of [] DOLLARS ($[]) on May 15, 2055, and
to pay interest thereon from March 12, 2025, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 in each year, commencing November 15, 2025, at the rate of 5.750%
per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
comprised of twelve 30-day months. The Issuer shall also pay interest on overdue principal or installments of interest at such rate. The
interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any interest payment date will, as provided in the Indenture, be paid
to the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered at the close of business on the record date for such interest, which shall
be May 1 or November 1 (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such interest payment date. Any interest
on this Debt Security which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on the dates and in the manner provided in this
Debt Security and the Indenture shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Registered Holder hereof on the relevant record date, and such
Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Issuer to the Person in whose name this Debt Security is registered at the close of business on
a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to the Holder
of this Debt Security not less than 10 days prior to such special record date, or may be paid by the Issuer on this Debt Security
in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which this Debt Security may be listed,
and upon such notice as may be required by such securities exchange, all as more fully provided in the Indenture.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, payment of interest on this Debt Security shall be made at the corporate trust office of the Trustee or,
at the option of the Issuer, by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Debt Security
Register or, at the option of the Registered Holder, by wire transfer to an account designated by the Registered Holder, in such coin
or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts.

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions
of this Debt Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set
forth at this place.

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon
has been executed by the Trustee referred to herein by manual signature, this Debt Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under
the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

B-1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this
instrument to be duly executed.

Dated: March 12, 2025 STEEL DYNAMICS, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-2

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

This is one of the Debt Securities of the series designated therein
referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Dated: March 12, 2025 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee 

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

B-3

[REVERSE OF GLOBAL NOTE]

This Debt Security is one of a duly authorized
issue of securities of the Issuer (herein called the Debt Securities), issued and to be issued in one or more series under
an Indenture dated as of December 7, 2022 (the Base Indenture ) as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of March 12, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture),
between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (herein called the Trustee), and reference
is hereby made to the Indenture for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the
Issuer, the Trustee and the Registered Holders of the Debt Securities and of the terms upon which the Debt Securities are, and are to
be, authenticated and delivered. This Debt Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof.

Prior to November 15, 2054 (the date that
is six months prior to the Stated Maturity of this Debt Security) (the Par Call Date), the Issuer may redeem this Debt Security
at its option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed as a percentage of principal amount
and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the remaining
scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the redemption date (assuming this Debt Security matured on the Par
Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points,
less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption, and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of this Debt Security
to be redeemed,

plus,
in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

On or after the Par Call Date, the Issuer may redeem
this Debt Security, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of this Debt Security being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Treasury Rate means, with
respect to any redemption date, the yield determined by the Issuer in accordance with the following two paragraphs.

The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Issuer
after 4:15 p.m., New York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System), on the third Business Day preceding the redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most recent
day that appear after such time on such day in the most recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System designated as Selected Interest Rates (Daily) - H.15 (or any successor designation or publication) (H.15)
under the caption U.S. government securitiesTreasury constant maturitiesNominal (or any successor caption
or heading) (H.15 TCM). In determining the Treasury Rate, the Issuer shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for
the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from the redemption date to the Par Call Date (the Remaining
Life); or (2) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the Remaining Life, the two yields 
one yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one yield corresponding to the Treasury
constant maturity on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life and shall interpolate to the Par Call Date on a straight-line
basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and rounding the result to three decimal places; or (3) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life. For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15
shall be deemed to have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity
from the redemption date.

If on the third Business Day preceding the redemption
date H.15 TCM is no longer published, the Issuer shall calculate the Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding such redemption date of the United
States Treasury security maturing on, or with a maturity that is closest to, the Par Call Date, as applicable. If there is no United States
Treasury security maturing on the Par Call Date but there are two or more United States Treasury securities with a maturity date equally
distant from the Par Call Date, one with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date and one with a maturity date following the Par Call
Date, the Issuer shall select the United States Treasury security with a maturity date preceding the Par Call Date. If there are two or
more United States Treasury securities maturing on the Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury securities meeting the criteria
of the preceding sentence, the Issuer shall select from among these two or more United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury
security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of the bid and asked prices for such United States Treasury securities
at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this paragraph, the semi-annual yield
to maturity of the applicable United States Treasury security shall be based upon the average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as
a percentage of principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal
places.

B-4

The Issuers actions and determinations in
determining the redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically
delivered (or otherwise transmitted in accordance with the depositarys procedures) at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before
the redemption date to each Registered Holder at its registered address. The notice of redemption for this Debt Security will state, among
other things, the amount of this Debt Security to be redeemed, the redemption date, the manner in which the redemption price will be calculated
and the place or places that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of this Debt Security.

In addition, any notice of redemption may, at the
Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a corporate transaction
that is pending (such as an equity or equity-linked offering, an incurrence of indebtedness or an acquisition or other strategic transaction
involving a change of control in the Issuer or another entity). In addition, if such redemption or notice is subject to satisfaction of
one or more conditions precedent, the Issuer may, in the Issuers discretion, delay the redemption date until such time as any or
all such conditions shall be satisfied or waived, or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived by the redemption date, or by the redemption date so delayed.

In the case of a partial redemption, selection
of the Debt Security for redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems
appropriate and fair. No Debt Security of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be redeemed in part. If this Debt Security is to be
redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption will state the portion of the principal amount of this Debt Security to be redeemed. A
new Debt Security in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of this Debt Security will be issued in the name of the Registered
Holder of this Debt Security upon surrender for cancellation of the original Debt Security. For so long as this Debt Security is held
by DTC (or another Depositary), the redemption of this Debt Security shall be done in accordance with the policies and procedures of the
Depositary.

Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption
price, on and after the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on this Debt Security or portions thereof called for redemption.

Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering
Event with respect to this Debt Security, unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem this Debt Security in full as set forth
in Section 202 of the Second Supplemental Indenture, by giving irrevocable notice to the Trustee in accordance with the Indenture,
each Holder of this Debt Security will have the right to require the Issuer to purchase all or a portion of such Holders Debt Security
pursuant to a Change of Control Offer, at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment), subject to the rights of Holders of this Debt Security
on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date.

Unless the Issuer has exercised its right to redeem
this Debt Security, within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event occurred with respect to this
Debt Security or, at the Issuers option, prior to any Change of Control but after the public announcement of the pending Change
of Control, the Issuer will be required to send by first class mail or, to the extent permitted or required by applicable DTC procedures
or regulations, send electronically, a notice to each Holder of this Debt Security, with a copy to the Trustee, which notice will govern
the terms of the Change of Control Offer. The notice will state, among other things, the purchase date, which must be no earlier than
30 days nor later than 60 days after the date the notice is mailed or sent, other than as may be required by law (the Change of
Control Payment Date). The notice, if mailed or sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, will state that
the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.

B-5

On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer
will, to the extent lawful:

(i) accept or
cause a third party to accept for payment all Debt Securities of this series or portions of Debt Securities of this series properly tendered
pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

(ii) deposit
or cause a third party to deposit with the paying agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Debt Securities
of this series or portions of Debt Securities of this series properly tendered; and

(iii) deliver
or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Debt Securities of this series properly accepted together with an Officers Certificate
stating the aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series or portions of Debt Securities of this series being purchased
and that all conditions precedent to the Change of Control Offer and to the purchase by the Issuer of the Debt Securities of this series
pursuant to the Change of Control Offer have been complied with.

The Issuer will not be required to make a Change
of Control Offer with respect to this Debt Security if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in
compliance with the requirements for such an offer made by the Issuer and such third party purchases all the Debt Securities of this series
properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.

The Issuer will comply in all material respects
with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent
those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of this Debt Security as a result of a Change of Control Triggering
Event. To the extent that the provisions of any such securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Offer provisions
of this Debt Security, the Issuer will comply with those securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations
under Section 203 of the Second Supplemental Indenture by virtue of any such conflict.

The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance
at any time of the entire indebtedness of this Debt Security or certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this
Debt Security, in each case upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture. Such provisions shall be applicable to
this Debt Security, as amended as restated by the Second Supplemental Indenture.

If an Event of Default with respect to this Debt
Security shall occur and be continuing, the principal of and interest on this Debt Security may be declared due and payable in the manner
and with the effect provided in the Indenture.

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions
as therein provided, without notice to any Holder but with the consent of Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the Outstanding Debt Securities of each series affected by such supplemental indenture, the Issuer and the Trustee at any time to enter
into an indenture or supplemental indenture for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of
the provisions of the Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Debt Securities
of such series. The Indenture also permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, prior to the acceleration of the maturity of
the Debt Securities of any series, the Holders of specified percentages in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities of that series
at the time Outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all the Debt Securities of that series waive any past Default or Event of Default
and its consequences for that series specified in the terms thereof. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Debt Security shall
be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Debt Security and of any Debt Security issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Debt Security.

B-6

As provided in and subject to the provisions of
the Indenture, the Holder of this Debt Security shall not have the right to institute any action or proceeding at law or in equity or
in bankruptcy or otherwise, upon or under or with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any
other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default with respect
to the Debt Securities of this series and of the continuance thereof and unless the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal
amount of the Outstanding Debt Securities of this series shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action or
proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee thereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such security
or indemnity, and the Trustee, for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of security or indemnity shall have
failed to institute any such action or proceedings and no direction inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the
Trustee by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Debt Securities of this series at the time Outstanding. The
foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Debt Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof
or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein.

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision
of this Debt Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and unconditional, to
pay the principal of and interest on this Debt Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Debt Security is registrable in the Debt Security Register, upon surrender of this
Debt Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Issuer in any Place of Payment, duly endorsed or accompanied
by a written instrument or instruments of transfer, in form satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar duly executed by
the Registered Holder or the Registered Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon the Issuer shall execute and
the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or transferees a new Debt Security or Debt Securities of authorized
denominations for a like aggregate principal amount.

The Debt Securities of this series are issuable
only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. As provided in
the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Debt Securities of this series are exchangeable in whole or in part
for a like aggregate principal amount of Debt Securities of this series and of like tenor and terms of a different authorized denomination,
as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain
limitations therein set forth, no service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer of Debt Securities, but the Issuer
may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto.

Prior to due presentation for registration of
transfer of this Debt Security, the Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent or any Registrar may deem and treat the Person in whose name
this Debt Security is registered as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Debt Security shall be overdue, and
none of the Issuer, the Trustee, any paying agent or any Registrar shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

All terms used in this Debt Security which are
defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

B-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

[Barrett McNagny LLP Letterhead]

March 12, 2025

Steel Dynamics, Inc.

7575 West Jefferson Blvd.

Fort Wayne, IN 46804

Re: Steel
Dynamics, Inc. $600,000,000 5.250% Notes due 2035 and $400,000,000 5.750% Notes due 2055

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We have acted as counsel to
Steel Dynamics, Inc., an Indiana corporation (the Company), in connection with the Companys offer and
sale of $600,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.250% Notes due 2035 (the 2035 Notes) and $400,000,000
aggregate principal amount of its 5.750% Notes due 2055 (the 2055 Notes and, together with the 2035 Notes,
the Notes) pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-268703) (the Registration
Statement) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission)
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), and as described in the prospectus, dated December
7, 2022 (the Base Prospectus), forming a part of the Registration Statement, as supplemented by the prospectus
supplement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement, and together with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus).

The Notes are governed by
and were issued pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, dated December 7, 2022 (the Base Indenture), between
the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), as supplemented by
the Second Supplemental Indenture, dated March 12, 2025 (the Second Supplemental Indenture and, together with
the Base Indenture, the Indenture), between the Company and the Trustee, as trustee. The Company agreed to
sell the Notes pursuant to the terms of an Underwriting Agreement, dated March 10, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement),
between J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as representatives
of the several underwriters named in Schedule I to the Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriters).

This opinion is being furnished
in connection with the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Act, and no opinion is expressed herein as to any other
matter pertaining to the contents of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, other than as expressly stated herein with respect
to the issuance of the Notes.

In our capacity as such counsel,
we have reviewed the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Base Indenture, the Second Supplemental
Indenture, the Underwriting Agreement, global notes evidencing the 2035 Notes and the 2055 Notes, each in the form executed and delivered
by the Company to, and authenticated by, the Trustee, resolutions of the Board of Directors adopted February 21, 2025, copies of the Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, each as amended and restated through the date hereof,
and an Assistant Secretarys Certificate of the Company, dated as of the date hereof. We have also reviewed such matters of law
and examined original, certified, conformed or photographic copies of such other documents, records, agreements and certificates as we
have deemed necessary as a basis for the opinions hereinafter expressed. In such review, we have assumed the genuineness of signatures
on all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to original documents of all copies submitted to us as certified, conformed
or photographic copies. We have relied, as to the matters set forth therein, on certificates of public officials. As to certain matters
of fact material to this opinion letter, we have relied, without independent verification, upon certificates of the Company.

We have also assumed for purposes
of this opinion letter that (i) the Trustee had and continues to have the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations
under the Indenture, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby; (ii) the Second Supplemental Indenture was duly authorized,
executed and delivered by, and the Indenture constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of, the Trustee enforceable against the
Trustee in accordance with its terms, and that the Trustee will comply with all of its obligations under the Indenture; (iii) the
Company will comply with all applicable laws; (iv) the Registration Statement, and any amendments thereto filed on or prior to the
date hereof, are and remain effective, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or preventing its use
or the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement has been or will be issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been or will
be instituted or threatened by the Commission; and (v) the Notes will be issued and sold in compliance with and in the manner described
in the Prospectus and were duly authenticated by the Trustee in the manner provided in the Indenture. With your permission, all assumptions
and statements of reliance herein have been made without any independent investigation or verification on our part, except to the extent
otherwise expressly stated, and we express no opinion with respect to the accuracy of such assumptions or items relied upon.

Based upon and subject to
the foregoing, and subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion that when the Indenture
has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Trustee and when the Notes have been authenticated by the Trustee in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture and issued and delivered to the Underwriters against payment therefor in accordance with the terms of
the Underwriting Agreement, the Notes will be validly authorized and issued and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, preference,
receivership, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally
and to the effect of general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law (including the possible unavailability
of specific performance or injunctive relief), concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and the discretion
of the court before which a proceeding is brought, and the unenforceability under certain circumstances under law or court decisions of
provisions for the indemnification of or contribution to a party with respect to a liability where such indemnification or contribution
may be limited by federal or state securities laws or principles of public policy, or by laws limiting the enforceability of provisions
exculpating or exempting a party, or requiring indemnification of a party for, liability for its own action or inaction, to the extent
the action involves gross negligence, recklessness, willful misconduct or unlawful conduct.

2

This opinion letter is limited
in all respects to the federal laws of the United States and the internal laws of the State of New York and the State of Indiana, and
we do not express any opinion herein concerning any other law. This opinion letter is limited to the matters stated herein, and no opinion
is implied or may be inferred beyond the matters expressly stated herein.

This opinion letter is given
as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to advise you after the date hereof of facts or circumstances that come to our attention
or changes in law that occur, in each case, subsequent to the date hereof, which could affect the opinions contained herein. This opinion
letter is being rendered for the benefit of the Company in connection with the matters addressed herein.

We hereby consent to the filing
of this opinion letter with the Commission as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the
Commission on the date hereof and to the incorporation by reference of this opinion in the Registration Statement. We also consent to
the reference to this firm as having passed on the validity of the Notes under the caption Legal Matters in the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectus, and the Prospectus Supplement. In giving the foregoing consent, we do not admit that we are within the
category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Very truly yours,

BARRETT McNAGNY LLP

/s/ Barrett McNagny LLP

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Press Release 

March 12, 2025 

7575 W. Jefferson Blvd.

Fort Wayne, IN 46804

Steel Dynamics Announces Completion of Notes
Offering

FORT WAYNE, Ind., March 12, 2025 Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ/GS:
STLD) announced today that it has consummated the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 5.250% Notes due 2035 (the 2035
Notes) and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Notes due 2055 (together with the 2035 Notes, the Notes).
The net proceeds from the Notes will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of the companys $400 million
2.400% Senior Notes due June 2025.

We are very pleased with the execution and support for our investment
grade note offering, stated Theresa E. Wagler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This transaction furthers
our long-term strategy to provide a strong capital foundation in support of our teams, customers, shareholders, and our continued growth.
We remain committed to maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, which we believe provide lower-cost and longer-term capital, enhancing
our financial strength and enabling optionality for value creation opportunities.

This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of
an offer to buy the Notes or any other securities, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale of any securities in any jurisdiction
in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs
& Co. LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and Truist Securities, Inc. are acting as
joint book-running managers for the offering of the Notes.

About Steel Dynamics, Inc.

Steel Dynamics is one of the largest domestic steel producers and metals
recyclers in North America, based on estimated annual steelmaking and metals recycling capability, with facilities located throughout
the United States, and in Mexico. Steel Dynamics produces steel products, including hot roll, cold roll, and coated sheet steel, structural
steel beams and shapes, rail, engineered special-bar-quality steel, cold finished steel, merchant bar products, specialty steel sections,
and steel joists and deck. In addition, the company produces liquid pig iron and processes and sells ferrous and nonferrous scrap.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains
some predictive statements about future events, including statements related to conditions in domestic or global economies, conditions
in steel, aluminum, and recycled metals market places, Steel Dynamics revenues, costs of purchased materials, future profitability
and earnings, and the operation of new, existing or planned facilities. These statements, which we generally precede or accompany by such
typical conditional words as anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, plan,
seek, project, or expect, or by the words may, will, or should,
are intended to be made as forward-looking, subject to many risks and uncertainties, within the safe harbor protections
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements speak only as of this date and are based upon information and
assumptions, which we consider reasonable as of this date, concerning our businesses and the environments in which they operate. Such
predictive statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements. Some
factors that could cause such forward-looking statements to turn out differently than anticipated include: (1) domestic and global economic
factors; (2) global steelmaking overcapacity and imports of steel, together with increased scrap prices; (3) pandemics, epidemics, widespread
illness or other health issues; (4) the cyclical nature of the steel industry and the industries we serve; (5) volatility and major fluctuations
in prices and availability of scrap metal, scrap substitutes and supplies, and our potential inability to pass higher costs on to our
customers; (6) cost and availability of electricity, natural gas, oil, and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions;
(7) increased environmental, greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability considerations from our customers and investors or related regulations;
(8) compliance with and changes in environmental and remediation requirements; (9) significant price and other forms of competition from
other steel and aluminum producers, scrap processors and alternative materials; (10) availability of an adequate source of supply of scrap
for our metals recycling operations; (11) cybersecurity threats and risks to the security of our sensitive data and information technology;
(12) the implementation of our growth strategy; (13) our ability to retain, develop, and attract key personnel; (14) litigation and legal
compliance; (15) unexpected equipment downtime or shutdowns; (16) governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew some of our licenses
and permits; (17) our senior unsecured credit facility contains, and any future financing agreements may contain, restrictive covenants
that may limit our flexibility; and (18) the impacts of impairment charges.

More specifically,
we refer you to our more detailed explanation of these and other factors and risks that may cause such predictive statements to turn out
differently, as set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
and Risk Factors, in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, or in other reports which we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
These reports are available publicly on the Securities and Exchange Commission website, www.sec.gov,
and on our website, www.steeldynamics.com under Investors SEC Filings.

Contact: Investor Relations +1.260.969.3500

SOURCE Steel Dynamics, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>stld-20250310.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>stld-20250310_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>stld-20250310_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Mar. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 0-21719

Entity Registrant Name STEEL
DYNAMICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001022671

Entity Tax Identification Number 35-1929476

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code IN

Entity Address, Address Line One 7575
West Jefferson Blvd

Entity Address, City or Town Fort Wayne

Entity Address, State or Province IN

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 46804

City Area Code 260

Local Phone Number 969-3500

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock voting, $0.0025 par value

Trading Symbol STLD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://steeldynamics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

stld-20250310.xsd 
stld-20250310_lab.xml 
stld-20250310_pre.xml 
tm257874d4_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-022903-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm257874d4_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001022671 

2025-03-10 
2025-03-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001022671 
8-K 
2025-03-10 
STEEL DYNAMICS, INC. 
IN 
0-21719 
35-1929476 
7575 West Jefferson Blvd 
Fort Wayne 
IN 
46804 
260 
969-3500 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock voting, $0.0025 par value 
STLD 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>