<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-005362.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-005362.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113170118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-005362
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250109
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0001347185
<SPONSOR-CIK>0001002761
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Auto loans

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AFS SENSUB CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347185
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				880475154
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-140931
		FILM NUMBER:		25526949

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY ST STE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8173027000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY STREET SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AFS SenSub Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002047316
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-275606-04
		FILM NUMBER:		25526950

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY ST STE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8173027000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
		STREET 2:		801 CHERRY STREET SUITE 3500
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d851789d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
8-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT 

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 9, 2025 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

AFS SenSub
Corp. 

(Exact name of depositor as specified in its charter) 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

(Exact name of sponsor as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 333-275606-04 33-6564189

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

c/o AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.

Attention: Frank E. Brown III, Esq.

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500

Fort Worth, Texas 76102

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number including area code - (817)
302-7000

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of
the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

None None None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

AFS SenSub Corp. (AFS SenSub), as depositor, and AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial (GM
Financial), as sponsor, will cause a newly formed issuing entity, GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Issuing Entity), to issue $292,000,000 Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), $340,070,000
Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes),
$214,060,000 Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-B Notes), $554,120,000 Class A-3 4.62% Asset
Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), $99,930,000 Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed Notes (the Class
A-4 Notes), $25,490,000 Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes and together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, the Publicly Offered Notes) and $23,890,000 Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (the
Class C Notes and together with the Publicly Offered Notes, the Notes), and an Asset Backed Certificate (the Certificate), on January 15, 2025 (the Closing Date). The
Publicly Offered Notes will be registered under the Registration Statement. This Current Report on Form 8-K is being filed to satisfy an undertaking to file copies of certain agreements to be executed in
connection with the issuance of the Publicly Offered Notes, the forms of which were filed as Exhibits to the Registration Statement. 

The
Notes evidence indebtedness of the Issuing Entity, the assets of which consist primarily of prime automobile loan contracts (the Receivables) secured by new and used automobiles, light duty trucks and utility vehicles.
The Publicly Offered Notes will be sold to Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. (Credit Agricole or the Representative), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co.
LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Academy Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 1.1, dated as of
January 9, 2025 (the Underwriting Agreement), among GM Financial, AFS SenSub and the Representative. 

Item 8.01. 

Other Events. 

The Issuing Entity was formed, and the Certificate will be issued, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2,
dated as of November 27, 2024, as amended and restated as of January 15, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), between AFS SenSub and Wilmington Trust Company (WTC), as Owner Trustee. The Notes will be issued
pursuant to the Indenture, attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Issuing Entity and Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), as Trustee and Trust Collateral
Agent. 

AFS SenSub will purchase the Receivables from GM Financial pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), between GM Financial and AFS SenSub. The Issuing Entity will purchase the Receivables from AFS SenSub pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, attached
hereto as Exhibit 4.3, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Issuing Entity, AFS SenSub, GM Financial and Citibank, as Trust Collateral Agent. 

GM Financial, as Servicer, will agree to perform servicing duties with regard to the Receivables pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement
and will also agree to serve as custodian of the Receivables pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

The Issuing Entity will engage Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC
(Clayton) as Asset Representations Reviewer pursuant to the Asset Representations Review Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.6, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Asset Representations Review
Agreement), among the Issuing Entity, GM Financial, as Servicer, and Clayton, as Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will agree to perform reviews of certain Receivables for compliance with the
representations and warranties made by GM Financial and AFS SenSub about the Receivables. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits. 

(a) 

Not applicable. 

(b) 

Not applicable. 

(c) 

Not applicable. 

(d) 

Exhibits: 

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 
9, 2025, among GM Financial, as Sponsor, AFS SenSub, as Seller, and the Representative. 

4.1 Indenture, dated as
of January 
15, 2025, between the Issuing Entity and Citibank, as Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent. 

4.2 Amended and Restated
Trust Agreement, dated as of January 
15, 2025, between AFS SenSub and WTC, as Owner Trustee. 

4.3 Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15,
2025, among the Issuing Entity, GM Financial, as Servicer, AFS SenSub and Citibank, as Trust Collateral Agent. 

10.1
Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 
15, 2025, between GM Financial, as Seller, and AFS SenSub, as Purchaser. 

10.6 Asset Representations Review Agreement,
dated as of January 15, 2025, among the Issuing Entity, GM Financial, as Servicer, and Clayton, as Asset Representations Reviewer. 

10.7 Second Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement,
dated as of January 1, 2006, between AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. and General Motors Financial of Canada, Ltd. (see Exhibit 10.3 to Form SF-3 filed on January 8, 2024, in connection with
Registration Statement No. 
333-275606, which is incorporated by reference herein). 

36.1 Depositor certification for shelf offerings of asset-backed
securities. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, as Servicer

By: 

/s/ Frank E. Brown III

Name: Frank E. Brown III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Counsel and Secretary

Dated: January 13, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d851789dex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-1.1
<TEXT>
EX-1.1

Exhibit 1.1 

EXECUTION VERSION 

GM FINANCIAL
CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

$1,525,670,000 AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES BACKED
NOTES 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT 

January 9, 2025 

Credit Agricole Securities
(USA) Inc. 

as Representative of the several Underwriters 

named in Schedule 1 hereto 

1301 Avenue of the
Americas 

New York, New York 10019 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

AFS SenSub Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Seller), proposes to sell to the underwriters named in Schedule 1 hereto
(the Underwriters) for whom Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. is acting as representative (the Representative), pursuant to the terms of this Underwriting Agreement (this Agreement),
$292,000,000 aggregate initial principal amount of its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class A-1 (the Class A-1 Notes),
$340,070,000 aggregate initial principal amount of its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class A-2-A (the Class A-2-A Notes), $214,060,000 aggregate initial principal amount of its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class A-2-B (the Class A-2-B Notes), $554,120,000 aggregate initial principal amount
of its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class A-3 (the Class A-3 Notes), $99,930,000 aggregate initial principal amount of
its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class A-4 (the Class A-4 Notes) and $25,490,000 aggregate initial principal amount of
its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class B (the Class B Notes and, together with the Class A-1 Notes, Class A-2-A Notes, Class A-2-B Notes, Class A-3 Notes and Class A-4 Notes, the Offered Notes) issued by GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Trust), which are debt
obligations of the Trust. The Trust will also issue $23,890,000 aggregate initial principal amount of its Automobile Receivables Backed Notes Class C (the Class C Notes and, together with the Offered Notes,
the Notes), which will be retained by the Seller or an affiliate thereof. The assets of the Trust will consist primarily of a pool of automobile loan contracts (the Receivables), which are secured by new and
used automobiles, light duty trucks and utility vehicles, either purchased without recourse from automobile dealers or directly originated with consumers by AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. (d/b/a GM Financial), a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the state of Delaware (GMF), as originator. 

The Notes will be issued pursuant to the
Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Trust and Citibank, N.A., as trustee and trust collateral agent (in such capacity, the Trustee). The Receivables will be sold by GMF to
the Seller pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Purchase Agreement), between GMF, as seller, and the Seller. The Receivables will then be transferred by the Seller to the Trust, and serviced
by the Servicer on behalf of the Trust, pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Sale and Servicing Agreement), among the Seller, GMF, as 

servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer), the Trust and the Trustee. The Trust will be
governed pursuant to the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), between the Seller and Wilmington Trust Company, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee),
pursuant to which the Trust will issue a certificate (the Certificate and, together with the Notes, the Securities). The Trust will provide for the review of the Receivables for compliance with the
representations and warranties made about them in certain circumstances pursuant to an Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025 (the Asset Representations Review Agreement), among the Trust, the
Servicer and Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, as asset representations reviewer (the Asset Representations Reviewer). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the respective meanings set
forth in the Indenture or, if not defined therein, then as defined in the Prospectus (as defined below). 

As used herein, the term
Transaction Documents means (i) the Indenture, (ii) the Purchase Agreement, (iii) the Sale and Servicing Agreement, (iv) the Trust Agreement, (v) the Asset Representations Review Agreement and
(vi) this Agreement. 

In exchange for valuable consideration received by GMF and the Seller from the Underwriters, the receipt and
sufficiency of which both parties hereby acknowledge, the Underwriters, GMF and the Seller hereby agree to the terms of this Agreement as follows: 

Section 1.Representations and Warranties. GMF and the Seller (together, the
Companies) represent, warrant and agree with the Underwriters that, as of the Execution Time (as defined herein), as of the Applicable Time (as defined herein) and as of January 15, 2025 (the Closing Date):

(i) The Seller (the Registrant) has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) a registration statement (Registration No. 333- 275606) on Form SF-3, including a form of prospectus, for the registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), of the offering and sale of the Offered Notes. The Registrant may have filed one or more amendments thereto, each of which amendments has previously been furnished to you. The
Registrant has filed the Time of Sale Information (as hereinafter defined) with the Commission. Promptly after execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Registrant will prepare and file with the Commission a final prospectus relating to the
Offered Notes in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430D and Rule 424(b) under the Act. Any information included in such prospectus that was omitted from such registration statement at the time it became effective but that is deemed to be part
of and included in such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430D is referred to as Rule 430D Information. Such registration statement, at any given time, including the amendments thereto at such time, the exhibits and any
schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated therein by reference pursuant to the Act at such time and documents otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein by the rules and regulations (the Rules and
Regulations) of the Commission under the Act, is herein called the Registration Statement; provided that references to the Effective Date (as hereinafter defined) or other matters relating to the Registration Statement
shall be deemed to be references to the Effective Date or such other matters relating to the registration statement included in the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is herein called the
Original Registration Statement. 

2 

For purposes of this Agreement, Free Writing Prospectus means,
collectively, the free writing prospectus, filed by the Seller with the Commission on January 6, 2025, relating to the ratings on the Notes (the Ratings FWP), and each other free writing prospectus used in connection with the
offering of the Offered Notes; Preliminary Prospectus means the preliminary prospectus used in connection with the offering of the Offered Notes, dated as of January 6, 2025, and filed with the Commission on January 6,
2025, that omitted certain Rule 430D Information; Time of Sale Information means collectively, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Ratings FWP, taken as a whole; Prospectus means the prospectus that is first
filed after the Execution Time pursuant to Rule 424(b) including the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to the Act; and Road Show Information means, a road show for an offering that is a written
communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission. 

(ii) The Registrant
has included in the Registration Statement, as amended at the Effective Date, all information required by the Act and the Rules and Regulations to be included in the Prospectus with respect to the Offered Notes and the offering thereof and as of the
Effective Date the Registration Statement complied in all material respects with the Rules and Regulations. As filed, the Time of Sale Information includes all information with respect to the Offered Notes and the offering thereof required by the
Act and the Rules and Regulations with respect to a free writing prospectus and a preliminary prospectus and complies in all material respects with the Rules and Regulations. As filed, the Prospectus shall include all information with respect to the
Offered Notes and the offering thereof required by the Act and the Rules and Regulations, shall comply in all material respects with the Rules and Regulations and, except to the extent that the Underwriters shall agree in writing to a modification,
shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Underwriters prior to the Execution Time or, to the extent not completed at the Execution Time, shall contain only such specific additional information and other changes (beyond that
contained in the Time of Sale Information) as the Registrant has advised the Underwriters, prior to the Execution Time, will be included or made therein. 

For purposes of this Agreement, Applicable Time shall have the meaning referred to in
Section 1(vii) hereof. Effective Time means, with respect to the Registration Statement, the date and time as of which the Registration Statement, or the most recent post-effective amendment thereto, if
any, was declared effective by the Commission, or, if later, the earlier of the date of filing of a prospectus required under Rule 424 deemed to be part of the Registration Statement or the date and time of the first sale of the Offered Notes and
Effective Date means the date of the Effective Time. Execution Time shall mean the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto. Rule 405, Rule
415, Rule 424, Rule 430D, Rule 433 and Regulation S-K refer to such rules or regulations under the Act. Any reference
herein to the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 10 of Form SF-3
which were filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), on or before the Effective Date of the Registration Statement or the date of first use of a Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be; and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, a Free Writing Prospectus,
the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act after the Effective Date of the Registration Statement, or the issue date of such Free Writing Prospectus,

3 

the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, as the case may be, deemed to be incorporated therein by reference or otherwise deemed by the Rules and Regulations to be a part thereof or included
therein. For purposes of this Agreement, all references to the Registration Statement, a Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing shall be deemed to refer to the copy
filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR). 

(iii) The
Registrant meets the requirements for use of Form SF-3 under the Act. The Registration Statement, at the Execution Time, meets the requirements set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(vii). At the time of filing the
Original Registration Statement, at the earliest time thereafter that the Registrant or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2)) of the Offered Notes and at the date hereof, the Registrant was not
and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations. 

(iv) The Original Registration Statement
became effective on February 2, 2024, and any post-effective amendment thereto also has become effective and is effective as of the date hereof. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the
Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge of GMF or the Seller, are contemplated by the Commission, and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information has been complied
with. 

(v) Prior to the issuance of the Notes, the Indenture will have been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended (the Trust Indenture Act). 

(vi) Except as otherwise permitted herein, neither GMF nor the Seller nor any of
their respective affiliates has distributed or otherwise used or will distribute or otherwise use, or has or will authorize, approve or refer to, any written communication, including any other free writing prospectus (each as
defined in Rule 405 under the Act) that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy the Offered Notes; provided that GMF and its affiliates shall be permitted to issue press releases regarding the Offered Notes after the
Applicable Time. 

(vii) At the respective Effective Times, at each deemed effective date with respect to the Underwriters pursuant to Rule
430D(f)(2) and at the Closing Date, the Registration Statement complied and will comply in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Act, the Exchange Act, the Trust Indenture Act and the respective rules and regulations of the
Commission thereunder and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; the Time of Sale Information, as
of the respective dates of the components thereof and the Applicable Time, did not, and at the Closing Date, will not, include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and none of the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the respective times that the Prospectus or any such amendment or supplement was issued and at the
Closing Date, included or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; provided, however, that the Companies make no representations or warranties as to the information contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale 

4 

Information or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information furnished in writing to the Companies by the
Representative specifically for use therein. As used herein, the term Underwriters Information means with respect to each of the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, (i) the first sentence of the fifth paragraph
under the heading Underwriting (solely to the extent such statement relates to the Underwriters) and (ii) the second sentence of the eleventh paragraph appearing under the heading Underwriting. 

To the extent that the Underwriters have provided to the Seller any Other Offering Document (as defined herein), the Seller has filed such
Other Offering Document as required by, and within the time frames prescribed by, the Rules and Regulations; provided, that the Seller shall not be required to have filed any Other Offering Document that consists solely of information
(a) contemplated by Rule 134 of the Rules and Regulations and included or to be included in the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (b) contemplated by Rule 172(a) of the Rules and Regulations or (c) that is not otherwise
required to be filed pursuant to the Rules and Regulations. 

The Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus delivered to the Underwriters
for use in connection with the offering of the Offered Notes will, at the time of such delivery, be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

As used in this Agreement, Applicable Time means 11:54 a.m., New York City
time, on January 9, 2025. 

(viii) The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information
and the Prospectus, when they were filed with the Commission, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the Rules and Regulations of the Commission thereunder, and none of such
documents contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Information or the Prospectus, when such documents are filed with the Commission will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Rules and Regulations of the
Commission thereunder and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 

(ix) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing
Prospectus and the Prospectus, or the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus as amended or supplemented, (x) there has not been any material adverse change, or any developments
involving a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the general affairs, business, management, financial condition, stockholders equity, results of operations, regulatory situation or business prospects of the Companies and
(y) neither Company has entered into any transaction or agreement (whether or not in the ordinary course of business) material to such Company that, in either case, would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the interests of
the holders of the Offered Notes, other than as set forth or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus, as so amended or supplemented. 

5 

(x) Neither GMF nor the Seller is aware of (x) any request by the Commission for any
further amendment of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus or for any additional information, (y) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement or the institution or threatening of any proceeding for that purpose or (z) any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for the sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or
threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. 

(xi) As of its date and at the Applicable Time, the Road Show Information did not, and as
of the Closing Date will not, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. 

(xii) Each of the Companies has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, with corporate power and authority to own its properties and conduct its business as described in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations
under the applicable Transaction Documents, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such
qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the general affairs, business, management, financial condition, stockholders equity, results of operations, regulatory situation or business
prospects of such Company, and has all power and authority necessary to own or hold its properties, to conduct the business in which it is engaged and to enter into and perform its obligations under each Transaction Document to which it is a party
and, in the case of the Companies, to cause the Notes to be issued. 

(xiii) Other than as described in the Preliminary Prospectus and in
the Prospectus, there are no actions, proceedings or investigations pending before or threatened by any court, administrative agency or other tribunal to which any of the Companies is a party or of which any of its properties is the subject
(i) which if determined adversely to it is likely to have a material adverse effect individually, or in the aggregate, on the general affairs, business, management, financial condition, stockholders equity, results of operations,
regulatory situation or business prospects of such Company, (ii) asserting the invalidity of any Transaction Document, to which it is a party, in whole or in part, or the Notes, (iii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the
consummation by the Companies of any of the transactions contemplated by any Transaction Document, in whole or in part or (iv) which if determined adversely to it is likely to materially and adversely affect the performance by any of the
Companies of their respective obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, any Transaction Document to which it is a party, in whole or in part, or the Notes. 

6 

(xiv) This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by the
Companies. At or prior to the Closing Date, each of the Transaction Documents to which a Company is a party will have been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered by such Company, and will constitute a legal, valid and binding agreement of
such Company, enforceable against such Company in accordance with its respective terms, except to the extent that the enforceability hereof and thereof may be subject (x) to insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, receivership, conservatorship,
or other similar laws, regulations or procedures of general applicability now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights generally, (y) to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in
a proceeding in equity or at law) and (z) with respect to rights of indemnity under this Agreement, to limitations of public policy under applicable securities laws. 

(xv) The issuance of the Notes and the delivery of the Offered Notes, and the execution, delivery and performance of each Transaction Document
by each of the Companies party hereto or thereto, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby by each of the Companies party hereto and thereto, do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach of or violate any
term or provision of or constitute a default under, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement, or other agreement or instrument to which any of the Companies is a party, by which the Companies may be bound or to which any of the
property or assets of the Companies or any of their subsidiaries may be subject, nor will such actions result in any violation of the provisions of the articles of incorporation, by-laws or other
organizational documents of the Companies or any law, statute or any judgment, order, decree, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over any of the Companies or any of their respective properties or
assets. 

(xvi) The third party nationally recognized accounting firm referenced in Section 6.P is independent
from the Companies. 

(xvii) No consent, approval, authorization, order, registration or qualification of or with any federal or state court
or governmental agency or body of the United States is required for the issuance of the Notes and the sale of the Offered Notes or the consummation by the Companies of the other transactions contemplated by, or the performance of the Companies of
their respective obligations under, the Transaction Documents, except for the registration under the Act of the Offered Notes and such consents, approvals, authorizations, orders, registrations or qualifications as may have been obtained or effected
or as may be required under securities or blue sky laws in connection with the purchase and distribution of the Offered Notes by the Underwriters. 

(xviii) Each of the Companies possesses (and have caused the Trust to possess) all material licenses, certificates, authorities or permits
issued by the appropriate state, federal or foreign regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now conducted by it and as described in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing Prospectus and the
Prospectus (or is exempt therefrom) and neither Company has received notice of any proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of such license, certificate, authority or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an
unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, is likely to materially and adversely affect the conduct of their respective business, operations, financial condition or income. 

7 

(xix) None of the Companies or the Trust will conduct its operations while any of the
Securities are outstanding in a manner that would require GMF, the Seller or the Trust to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). It is not necessary
to register the Seller or the Trust under the 1940 Act. The Trust relies on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of investment company under the 1940 Act contained in Section 3(c)(5) under the 1940 Act, although there may
be additional exemptions or exclusions available to the Trust; and none of GMF, the Seller or anyone acting on their behalf (other than the Underwriters, as to whom GMF and the Seller make no representation) has taken any action that would require
registration of the Seller or the Trust under the 1940 Act, nor will GMF or the Seller act, nor has either of them authorized nor will either of them authorize any person to act, in such manner. The Trust is structured so as not to constitute a
covered fund for purposes of the regulations adopted to implement Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act). 

(xx) Any taxes, fees and other governmental charges in connection with the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents, and the
execution, delivery and issuance of the Notes, that are required to be paid by the Companies at or prior to the Closing Date, have been paid or will be paid at or prior to the Closing Date by the Companies. 

(xxi) Each of the Sellers and GMFs representations and warranties in the Transaction Documents are true and correct as of the date
they are given therein and will be true and correct on the Closing Date. 

(xxii) GMF has executed and delivered a written representation
(the 17g-5 Representation) to each of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations hired by GMF (the Engaged NRSROs), which satisfies the requirements of
paragraph (a)(3)(iii) of Rule 17g-5 (Rule 17g-5) of the Exchange Act and a copy of which has been delivered to the
Representative. GMF has complied, and has caused the Seller to comply, with the 17g-5 Representation. 

(xxiii) Any certificate signed by an officer of any of the Companies and delivered to the Representative or the Representatives counsel
in connection with an offering of the Offered Notes shall be deemed, and shall state that it is, a representation and warranty as to the matters covered thereby to each person to whom the representations and warranties in this
Section 1 are made. 

(xxiv) Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus, (x) there has not been any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the general affairs, business, management, financial condition,
stockholders equity, results of operations, regulatory situation or business prospects of any of the Companies and (y) neither Company has entered into any transaction or agreement (whether or not in the ordinary course of business)
material to any of the Companies, that, in either case, would reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes, other than as set forth or contemplated in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus.

(xxv) None of the Seller, GMF or any of their Affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Act) has entered into, nor will any such person
enter into, any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution of the Offered Notes except for this Agreement. 

(xxvi) Upon
delivery of the Offered Notes to the Underwriters against payment by the Underwriters therefor, the Underwriters will acquire ownership of the Offered Notes, free of any Liens other than Liens created or granted by the Underwriters. 

8 

(xxvii) Prior to the date hereof, none of GMF, the Seller or any of their Affiliates
(including, without limitation, all officers and directors thereof) has taken any action which is designed to or which has constituted or which might have been expected to cause or result in stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security
in connection with the offering of the Offered Notes. 

(xxviii) The Trust Agreement will not be required to be qualified under the Trust
Indenture Act. 

(xxix) The Offered Notes and the Transaction Documents conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof
contained in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

(xxx) At or prior to the Closing Date, the direction by the Seller to the
Trustee to execute, authenticate and deliver the Offered Notes will have been duly authorized by the Seller, and the Offered Notes, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the Indenture, and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and outstanding and entitled to the benefits of the Indenture. 

(xxxi) At the Closing Date, no Event of Default or Servicer Termination Event has occurred or will be continuing. 

(xxxii) To the best of GMFs knowledge, the Asset Representations Reviewer satisfies the requirements in the definition of asset
representations reviewer set forth in Item 1101(m) of Regulation AB under the Act. 

(xxxiii) [Reserved]. 

(xxxiv) [Reserved]. 

(xxxv)
Neither GMF nor the Seller has engaged any person to provide third-party due diligence services (as defined in Rule 17g-10 under the Exchange Act) relating to the Offered Notes, other than
Ernst & Young LLP, who performed certain agreed upon procedures in respect of the Receivables, and delivered to GMF and the Underwriters a signed report entitled Report of Independent Accountants on Applying Agreed-Upon
Procedures, dated December 27, 2024 (the Third-Party Diligence Report). GMF or the Seller has complied with Rule 15Ga-2 of the Exchange Act with respect to the Third-Party
Diligence Report, and GMF or the Seller has furnished to the Commission pursuant to EDGAR the related Form ABS-15G (together with any revision or amendment thereof or any supplement thereto, the Form ABS-15G). 

(xxxvi) GMF has complied, and is the appropriate entity to comply, with all
requirements imposed on the sponsor of a securitization transaction in accordance with the final rules contained in Regulation RR, 17 C.F.R. 246.1, et seq. (the Credit Risk Retention Rules), in each case directly
or (to the extent permitted by the Credit Risk Retention Rules) through a majority-owned affiliate (as defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules, a Majority-Owned Affiliate), and will determine the fair value of the
eligible horizontal residual interest (as defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules, the Residual Interest) on the Closing Date as required by Rule 4(c)(1)(ii) of the Credit Risk Retention Rules, based on its own
valuation methodology, inputs and assumptions and is solely responsible therefor. The Preliminary Prospectus contains all of the required disclosures under Rule 4(c)(1)(i) and Rule 4(c)(2)(i) of the Credit Risk Retention Rules. 

9 

Section 2.Purchase and Sale. The Underwriters
commitment to purchase the Offered Notes pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made on the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Companies herein contained and shall be subject to the terms and conditions
herein set forth. GMF agrees to instruct the Trust to issue the Offered Notes to the Seller and the Underwriters agree, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Seller, on the Closing Date, only the Offered Notes set forth opposite their
names in Schedule 1 hereto, except that the amounts purchased by the Underwriters may change in accordance with Section 9 of this Agreement. The purchase prices for the Offered Notes shall be as
set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. 

Section 3.Delivery and Payment. Payment of the purchase
price for, and delivery of, any Offered Notes to be purchased by the Underwriters shall be made at the office of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, 50 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, New York, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the
Representative and the Companies, at 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the Closing Date. Payment shall be made by wire transfer of same day funds payable to the account designated by GMF. Each of the Offered Notes so to be delivered shall be
represented by one or more global certificates registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for The Depository Trust Company. 

The Companies agree to have authentic copies of the Offered Notes available for inspection and checking by the Representative in New York, New
York, not later than 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The original global certificated Offered Notes will be held by the Trustee in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

Section 4.Offering of the Offered Notes. It is understood that the Underwriters propose to offer the
Offered Notes for sale to the public as set forth in the Prospectus. 

If the Seller, GMF or an Underwriter determines or becomes aware
that any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Act) (including without limitation the Preliminary Prospectus) or oral statement (when considered in conjunction with all information conveyed at the time of the
contract of sale within the meaning of Rule 159 under the Act and all Commission guidance relating to such rule (the Contract of Sale)) made or prepared by the Seller or such Underwriter contains an untrue
statement of material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading at the time that a Contract of Sale was entered into, either the Seller
or such Underwriter may prepare corrective information, with notice to the other parties, and such Underwriter shall deliver such information in a manner reasonably acceptable to both parties, to any person with whom a Contract of Sale was entered
into based on such written communication or oral statement, and such information shall provide any such person with the following: 

(i) adequate disclosure of the contractual arrangement; 

(ii) adequate disclosure of the persons rights under the existing Contract of Sale at the time termination is sought;

10 

(iii) adequate disclosure of the new information that is necessary to
correct the misstatements or omissions in the information given at the time of the original Contract of Sale; and 

(iv) a
meaningful ability to elect to terminate or not terminate the prior Contract of Sale and to elect to enter into or not enter into a new Contract of Sale. 

Any costs or losses incurred in connection with any such termination or reformation shall be subject to Section 7 hereof. 

None of GMF, the Seller or any Underwriter shall disseminate or file with the Commission any information relating to the Notes in reliance on
Rule 167 or Rule 426 under the Act, nor shall the Seller or any Underwriter disseminate any Free Writing Prospectus in a manner reasonably designed to lead to its broad unrestricted dissemination within the meaning of
Rule 433(d) under the Act. 

Each Free Writing Prospectus shall bear the following legend, or a substantially similar legend that
complies with Rule 433 under the Act: 

The depositor has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the
offering to which this communication relates. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the depositor has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the depositor, the issuing
entity, and this offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC Website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the depositor, any underwriter or any dealer participating in the offering will arrange to send you the prospectus if
you request it by calling 1-866-807-6030.

Section 5.Covenants of the Companies. Each of the Companies covenants with the Underwriters as
follows: 

A. Subject to Section 5.B, it will comply with the requirements of Rules 424(b) and 430D and will
notify the Representative immediately, and confirm the notice in writing, of (i) the effectiveness of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or the filing of any supplement or amendment to the Prospectus, (ii) the
receipt of any comments from the Commission relating to the Registration Statement, any Free Writing Prospectus, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, (iii) any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement
or any amendment or supplement to the Prospectus or any document incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or for additional information, (iv) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Free Writing Prospectus or the Preliminary Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Notes for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes, and (v) the happening of any event at any time when a Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus relating to the Notes is required to be delivered under
the Act, which, in the judgment of GMF, makes the Registration Statement or the Prospectus contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading. The Companies will make every reasonable effort to prevent the issuance of any stop order and, if any stop order is issued, to obtain as soon as possible the lifting thereof. 

11 

B. Prior to the termination of the offering of the Offered Notes, neither GMF nor the Seller
will file any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment, supplement or revision to the Preliminary Prospectus, any Free Writing Prospectus or to the Prospectus, unless GMF has furnished the Underwriters with a copy for their review
prior to such proposed filing or use, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Underwriters shall reasonably object. 

C. It has furnished or will deliver to the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters, without charge, a signed copy of the Original
Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein or otherwise deemed to be a part thereof) and
a signed copy of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, a conformed copy of the Original Registration Statement and of each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for the Underwriters. The
copies of the Original Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Underwriters will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by
Regulation S-T.

D. GMF will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge, electronic copies of the
Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing Prospectus and the Prospectus, and hereby consents to the use of such electronic copies for purposes permitted by the Act. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the
Underwriters will be identical to any electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

E. It will comply with the Act and the Rules and Regulations, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and the Trust Indenture
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Offered Notes as contemplated in this Agreement, the Transaction Documents, the Registration Statement, any Free Writing Prospectus and the
Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus is required by the Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Offered Notes, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel to the
Companies, to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Prospectus in order that the Prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or if it shall be necessary, in the opinion of such counsel, at any such time to amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement
the Prospectus in order to comply with the requirements of the Act or the Rules and Regulations, GMF will promptly prepare and file with the Commission, subject to the review and approval provisions afforded to the Underwriters described in
Section 5.B, such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus comply with such requirements, GMF will
use its best efforts to have such amendment or new registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable and the Seller will furnish to the Underwriters, without charge, such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the
Underwriters may reasonably request. Any such filing shall not operate as a waiver or limitation of any right of the Underwriters hereunder. 

12 

F. The Seller will use its best efforts, in cooperating with GMF and the Underwriters, to
qualify the Offered Notes for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions of the United States as the Underwriters may designate, and maintain or cause to be maintained such qualifications in effect
for as long as may be required for the distribution of the Offered Notes. The Seller will cause the filing of such statements and reports as may be required by the laws of each jurisdiction in which the Offered Notes have been so qualified. 

G. [Reserved]. 

H. [Reserved].

I. The Seller, as registrant, shall file with the Commission a certification executed by the chief executive officer of the Seller in
accordance with Item 601(b)(36) of Regulation S-K (the CEO Certification). 

J.
So long as the Offered Notes remain outstanding, the Companies will, upon the request of any Underwriter, deliver to such Underwriter as soon as such statements are furnished to the Trustee: (i) any annual statements as to compliance of the
Servicer (and any subservicer), any annual assessments of compliance and any annual accountants attestations, each as delivered to the Trustee pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and (ii) the monthly reports furnished to the
Noteholders pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

K. So long as any of the Offered Notes are outstanding, the Companies, upon the
request of any Underwriter, will furnish to such Underwriter (i) as soon as practicable after the end of the fiscal year of the Trust, all documents required to be distributed to Noteholders and other filings with the Commission pursuant to the
Exchange Act, or any order of the Commission thereunder with respect to the Notes and (ii) from time to time, any other information concerning the Companies filed with any government or regulatory authority which is otherwise publicly
available, as such Underwriter may reasonably request in writing. 

L. It will apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Offered Notes in
the manner set forth in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

M. If, between the date hereof or, if earlier, the dates as of
which information is given in the Preliminary Prospectus, and the Closing Date, to the knowledge of the Seller or GMF, there has been any material change, or any development involving a prospective material change in or affecting the general
affairs, management, financial position, stockholders equity or results of operations of GMF or the Seller, GMF will give prompt written notice thereof to the Underwriters. 

N. To the extent, if any, that the ratings provided with respect to the Offered Notes by the rating agency or agencies that initially rate the
Offered Notes are conditional upon the furnishing of documents or the taking of any other actions by the Companies, the Companies will use their best efforts to furnish or cause to be furnished such documents and take any such other actions. 

13 

O. From the date hereof until the Closing Date, none of the Seller, GMF or any of their
respective Affiliates will, without the prior written consent of the Representative, directly or indirectly, offer, sell or contract to sell or announce the offering of, in a public or private transaction which utilizes an offering document similar
to the Prospectus, any other securities collateralized by retail automobile loan contracts of similar aggregate credit quality as the Receivables. 

P. None of GMF, the Seller, or any Affiliate thereof, or any person acting on its or any of their behalf (other than the Underwriters or their
respective Affiliates (as defined under Rule 405 of the Act)) has entered into or will enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution of the Offered Notes except for this Agreement. 

Q. The Seller will cooperate with the Representative and use its best efforts to permit the Offered Notes to be eligible for clearance and
settlement through DTC. 

R. Each of the Companies will comply with the 17g-5 Representations made
by GMF to the Engaged NRSROs with respect to the Offered Notes. The Companies and the Trust will timely comply with all requirements of Rules 15Ga-2 and 17g-10 under the
Exchange Act to the satisfaction of the Representative. 

S. GMF will comply, and will cause each of its affiliates, including any
Majority-Owned Affiliate, to comply, with all applicable requirements under the Credit Risk Retention Rules imposed on the sponsor of a securitization transaction for so long as those requirements are applicable, including retaining the
Residual Interest and any required amount of the Notes in an amount not less than required by the Credit Risk Retention Rules and for the period of time required by the Credit Risk Retention Rules, without any impermissible hedging, transfer or
financing of the Residual Interest or any such Notes. GMF is and will be solely responsible for compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Credit Risk Retention Rules, including the contents of all such disclosures and ensuring that any
required post-closing disclosures are timely provided to investors by an appropriate method that does not require any involvement of the Underwriters. 

Section 6.Conditions of the Obligations of the Underwriters. The obligations of the Underwriters to
purchase the Offered Notes pursuant to this Agreement are subject to (i) the accuracy on and as of the Closing Date of the representations and warranties on the part of the Companies herein contained, (ii) the accuracy of the statements of
officers of the Companies made pursuant hereto, (iii) the performance by the Companies of all of their respective obligations hereunder, and the performance by the Companies of all of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents
and (iv) the following conditions as of the Closing Date: 

A. The Representative shall have received the Transaction Documents and the
Notes in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and duly executed by the signatories required pursuant to the respective terms thereof. 

14 

B. The Representative shall have received from
in-house counsel for the Companies, a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative.

C. The Representative shall have received from Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, special counsel to the Seller, GMF and the Trust, an opinion or
opinions, subject to customary qualifications, assumptions, limitations and exceptions, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and counsel for the Representative, with
respect to certain corporate matters, perfection matters, matters related to the creation of a security interest, securities law matters, 1940 Act matters, tax matters, enforceability matters, and certain information contained in the Preliminary
Prospectus and the Prospectus. 

D. The Representative shall have received an opinion or opinions of Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, special
counsel to the Seller and GMF, addressed to the Underwriters and dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and counsel for the Representative, with respect to certain true sale and nonconsolidation matters.

E. The Representative shall have received from Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, counsel for the Companies, a negative assurance letter with
respect to the Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative. 

F. The Representative shall have received from Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., counsel for the Trustee, a favorable opinion or
opinions, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative. 

G. The Representative shall have received from Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., counsel for the Owner Trustee, a favorable opinion or
opinions, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative. 

H. The Representative shall have received from Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., special Delaware counsel to the Trust and the
applicable Companies, a favorable opinion or opinions, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative. 

I. The Representative shall have received from Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the Underwriters, a negative assurance letter with respect to the
Time of Sale Information and the Prospectus, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative. 

J. Each of the Companies shall have delivered to the Representative a certificate, dated the Closing Date, of an authorized officer of such
Company, to the effect that the signer of such certificate has carefully examined each Transaction Document, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus and that: (i) the representations and warranties of such Company in each Transaction
Document to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects at and as 

15 

of the Closing Date with the same effect as if made on the Closing Date, (ii) such Company has complied in all material respects with all the agreements and satisfied in all material
respects all the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied at or prior to the Closing Date, (iii) there has been no material adverse change in the general affairs, business, management, financial condition, stockholders equity,
results of operations, regulatory situation or business prospects of such Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, except as set forth or contemplated in the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
(iv) no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued and no proceedings for that purpose have been initiated or, to such officers knowledge, are threatened and (v) nothing has come to such
officers attention that would lead such officer to believe that the Time of Sale Information, the Road Show Information or the Prospectus contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the Companies shall deliver a secretarys certificate to which is attached a true and
correct copy of its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents, which are in full force and effect on the date of such certificate and a certified true copy of the resolutions of
its Board of Directors with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. 

K. The Trustee shall have furnished to the
Representative a certificate of the Trustee, dated the Closing Date, signed by one or more duly authorized officers of the Trustee, as to the due authorization, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the
acceptance by the Trustee of the trust created by such Transaction Documents and the due authentication and delivery of the Notes by the Trustee thereunder and such other matters as the Representative shall reasonably request. 

L. The Owner Trustee shall have furnished to the Representative a certificate of the Owner Trustee, dated the Closing Date, signed by one or
more duly authorized officers of the Owner Trustee, as to the due authorization, execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the acceptance by the Owner Trustee of the trust created by such Transaction Documents
and the due execution and delivery of the Notes by the Owner Trustee thereunder and such other matters as the Representative shall reasonably request. 

M. The Representative shall have received from in-house counsel to the Asset Representations Reviewer,
a favorable opinion, dated the Closing Date, addressed to the Underwriters, and satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative. 

N. On the Closing Date, the Offered Notes shall have received at least the ratings indicated in the Ratings FWP from the Engaged NRSROs. 

O. All proceedings in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and all documents incident thereto and hereto, shall be
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Representative and counsel for the Representative, and the Representative and counsel for the Underwriters shall have received such other information, opinions, certificates and documents as they
may reasonably request in writing. 

16 

P. On the Closing Date, the Representative shall have received from a third party that is a
nationally recognized accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to the Underwriters letters in the form heretofore agreed to regarding the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus, each dated as of the review date, the date of the Preliminary
Prospectus or the Prospectus, as applicable. 

Q. All representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the Companies in the
Transaction Documents to which each of the Companies is a party are true and correct as of the Closing Date. 

R. If not previously provided
in a calendar year with respect to such state, the Underwriters shall have received from local counsel, in each state where there is a concentration of 10% or more of the Receivables, an opinion dated as of the Closing Date (or as of any other date
as specified by the rating agencies to maintain the required ratings on the Notes) as to the perfection of security interests in automobiles in such state. 

S. The Preliminary Prospectus, a Form ABS-EE containing initial asset-level data with respect to the
Receivables, each Free Writing Prospectus, the Prospectus and any amendments and supplements thereto, and the CEO Certification shall have been filed (if required) with the Commission in accordance with the rules and regulations under the Act and
this Agreement, and prior to the Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been instituted or shall be contemplated by the Commission
or by any authority administering any state securities or blue sky law, and any requests for additional information (to be included in the Prospectus or the Registration Statement or otherwise) shall have been complied with to the
satisfaction of the Underwriters. 

If any condition specified in this Section 6 shall not have been fulfilled
when and as required to be fulfilled, (i) this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative by notice to both of the Companies at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and such termination shall be without liability of any party to any
other party except as provided in Section 7 and (ii) the provisions of Section 7, the indemnity set forth in Section 8, the contribution provisions set forth in
Section 8 and the provisions of Sections 12 through 18 shall remain in effect. 

Section 7.Payment of Expenses. The Companies agree to pay all expenses incident to the performance of
their respective obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation, (i) expenses incident to the filing of the Registration Statement and all amendments thereto, (ii) expenses incident to the duplication and delivery to the
Underwriters, in such quantities as the Underwriters may reasonably request, of copies of the Transaction Documents, (iii) expenses incident to the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Notes, (iv) the fees and disbursements of Katten
Muchin Rosenman LLP, counsel to the Companies, (v) the fees and disbursements of the third party referenced in Section 6.P above, (vi) expenses incident to the qualification of the Offered Notes under securities
and blue sky laws and the determination of the eligibility of the Offered Notes for investment in accordance with the provisions hereof, including filing fees and the fees and disbursements of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the
Underwriters, in connection therewith and in connection with the preparation of any blue sky survey, (vii) expenses incident to the printing and delivery to the Underwriters in such quantities as the Underwriters may reasonably
request, of copies of the Registration Statement and the 

17 

Prospectus and all amendments and supplements thereto, and of any blue sky survey, (viii) the fees charged by each Engaged NRSRO for rating the Notes, (ix) the fees and
expenses of the Trustee and its counsel, (x) the fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee and its counsel, (xi) the fees and expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer and its counsel and (xii) the costs and expenses (including any
damages or other amounts payable in connection with legal or contractual liability) associated with the reforming of any Contracts of Sale of the Offered Notes made by the Underwriters as set forth in Section 4 hereof or as
a result of a breach of any of the representations and warranties of the Companies contained in Sections 1(iv), 1(vi), 1(vii), 1(xxiv) and 1(xxix). 

If this Agreement is terminated by the Representative in accordance with the provisions of Section 6, the Companies
shall reimburse the Underwriters for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the
Underwriters. Except as described in the immediately preceding sentence, the Underwriters agree to pay the reasonable fees and disbursements of Sidley Austin LLP incident to the performance of the Underwriters obligations under this Agreement.

Section 8.Indemnification and Contribution. 

A. Each of the Companies agrees to severally and jointly indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its directors, officers, employees,
agents and each person, if any, who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, or any
action in respect thereof (including, but not limited to, any loss, claim, damage, liability or action relating to purchases and sales of the Offered Notes), to which such Underwriter, director, officer, employee, agent or any such controlling
person may become subject, under the Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the Registration Statement (including the Rule 430D Information), the Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing Prospectus (other than any Derived Information included therein), any issuer free writing prospectus, the Prospectus, the
related Intex CDI file (other than any Derived Information included therein) or any amendment, exhibit or supplement thereto (in each case, other than in the Underwriters Information) or the Form
ABS-15G, (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Registration Statement (including the Rule 430D Information) (other than in the Underwriters Information) a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or (iii) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Preliminary Prospectus, each Free Writing Prospectus, the related Intex CDI file (other than any Derived
Information included therein), any issuer free writing prospectus, the Prospectus or any amendment, exhibit or supplement thereto (in each case, other than in the Underwriters Information) or the Form
ABS-15G a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and shall reimburse each
Underwriter and any such director, officer, employee, agent and each such controlling person promptly upon demand for any documented legal or documented other expenses reasonably incurred by such Underwriter or any such director, officer, employee,
agent or such controlling person in connection with investigating or defending or preparing to defend against any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred. For the avoidance of doubt, the Road Show Information
(other than any Derived Information included therein) shall constitute an issuer free writing prospectus. 

18 

The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any liability which the Companies may
otherwise have to the Underwriters or any director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person of any of the Underwriters. 

B. Each of
the Underwriters agrees to severally and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless the Companies, their directors, officers, employees, agents and each person, if any, who controls GMF or the Seller within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, or any action in respect thereof, to which GMF, the Seller or any such director, officer or controlling person may become subject, under the
Act or the Exchange Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon, (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact relating to such Underwriter contained in
the Underwriters Information or (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state in the Underwriters Information a material fact relating to such Underwriter required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and shall reimburse GMF or the Seller, as applicable, promptly on demand, and any such director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person for any documented legal or
other documented expenses reasonably incurred by GMF, the Seller or any director, officer, employee, agent or controlling person in connection with investigating or defending or preparing to defend against any such loss, claim, damage, liability or
action as such expenses are incurred, except as expressly limited herein. 

Except as otherwise expressly provided, the foregoing indemnity
agreement is in addition to any liability which the Underwriters may otherwise have to GMF, the Seller or any such director, officer or controlling person. 

C. Promptly after receipt by any indemnified party under this Section 8 of notice of any claim or the commencement of
any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 8, promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of the claim or the commencement
of that action; providedhowever, that the failure to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 8 except to the extent it has been materially
prejudiced by such failure; and provided, further, that the failure to notify any indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this
Section 8. 

If any such claim or action shall be brought against an indemnified party, and it shall notify the
indemnifying party thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with any other similarly notified indemnifying party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party, unless such indemnified party reasonably objects to such assumption on the ground that there may be legal defenses available to it which are different from or in addition to those available to such indemnifying
party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnifying party shall not be entitled to participate in, or assume the defense of, any such claim or action against an indemnified party brought by a governmental agency, regulatory authority or
self-regulatory authority having or claiming to have jurisdiction over the business or financial affairs of such indemnified party or any of its affiliates, unless such indemnified party consents to such participation or assumption. After notice
from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense of such claim or action, except to the extent provided in the next following paragraph, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the indemnified party
under this Section 8 for any fees and expenses of counsel subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. 

19 

Any indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and
to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless: (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the indemnifying party in writing;
(ii) such indemnified party shall have been advised by such counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party and in the reasonable judgment
of such counsel it is advisable for such indemnified party to employ separate counsel; or (iii) the indemnifying party has failed to assume the defense of such action and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in which
case, if such indemnified party notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action on
behalf of such indemnified party, it being understood, however, that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any one such action or separate but substantially similar or related actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same
general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (in addition to local counsel) at any time for all such indemnified parties, which firm shall be designated in writing
by the Representative, if the indemnified parties under this Section 8 consist of the Underwriters or any of their directors, officers, employees, agents or controlling persons, or by the Companies, if the indemnified
parties under this Section 8 consist of either of the Companies or any of the Companies directors, officers, employees, agents or controlling persons, but in either case reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified
party. 

Each indemnified party, as a condition of the indemnity agreements contained in Sections 8.A, 8.B
and 8.E, shall use its reasonable efforts to cooperate with the indemnifying party in the defense of any such action or claim. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any such action effected without its written consent
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), but if settled with its written consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless any indemnified party from
and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. No indemnifying party shall, without prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened action in respect of which such
indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party unless such settlement (i) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on any claims
that are the subject matter of such action and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party. 

D. Each Underwriter severally and not jointly covenants and agrees that it has not and will not distribute any Other Offering Document unless
(i) it has notified the Companies of its intention to distribute such Other Offering Document prior to its distribution thereof and (ii) it provides the Companies with a copy of such Other Offering Document in an electronic format prior to
or simultaneously with its initial distribution of such Other Offering Document. Other 

20 

Offering Document means any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations) relating to the offer and sale of the Offered Notes (other than
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus, the Road Show Information and the related Intex CDI file), that would constitute a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Rules and Regulations), including but not limited to
any ABS information and computational materials (as defined in Item 1101(a) of Regulation AB under the Act). For the avoidance of doubt, the notice and delivery requirements set forth in subclauses (i) and (ii) of the first sentence
of this Section 8.D (x) shall apply to an Other Offering Document that is an Intex CDI file that contains any Issuer Information not included in the Preliminary Prospectus and (y) shall not apply to an Other
Offering Document that is a written communication that consists solely of postings that are initially made by any Underwriter on the Bloomberg system, or otherwise via e-mail and that contain only identifying
information regarding the Trust and the Offered Notes; the expected closing date and first payment date for the Offered Notes; the CUSIP numbers, expected principal amount, expected weighted average life, expected ratings, expected periods for
payments of principal, expected final payment date, expected legal final payment date and expected interest rate index for each class of Offered Notes; preliminary guidance as to the interest rate and/or yield for each class of Offered Notes (but
not final interest rate or yield information); information regarding the classes and principal amount of the Offered Notes being offered by each Underwriter; other similar or related information such as expected pricing parameters, status of
subscriptions and Underwriters retentions and ERISA eligibility; and/or any legends regarding the contents of such written communication. 

E. (i) Each Underwriter agrees, assuming all Issuer Information (defined below) is accurate and complete in all material respects, to severally
and not jointly indemnify and hold harmless GMF, each of GMFs officers, directors, employees, agents and each person who controls GMF within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all
losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which they may become subject under the Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue
statement of a material fact contained in the Derived Information (as defined below) provided by such Underwriter, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or
defending or preparing to defend any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred; provided, however, that in no case shall any Underwriter be responsible for any amount in excess of the underwriting discount
applicable to the Offered Notes purchased by such Underwriter; provided, further, that no Underwriter shall be liable to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any statement in or
omission from any Derived Information in reliance upon and in conformity with (A) any written information furnished to the related Underwriter by the Companies expressly for use therein, which information was not corrected by information
subsequently provided by the Companies to the related Underwriter prior to the time of use of such Derived Information, (B) information accurately extracted from the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, which information was not corrected
by information subsequently provided by the Companies to the related Underwriter prior to the time of use of such Derived Information or (C) Issuer Information (as defined in Section 8.F). The obligations of each of
the Underwriters under this Section 8.E(i) shall be in addition to any liability which such Underwriter may otherwise have. 

21 

(ii) GMF agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, each of such
Underwriters officers, directors, employees, agents and each person who controls such Underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act against any and all losses, claims, damages or
liabilities, joint or several, to which they may become subject under the Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the Issuer Information, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, and agrees to reimburse each such indemnified party for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with investigating or defending or preparing to defend any such loss,
claim, damage, liability or action as such expenses are incurred. GMFs obligation under this Section 8.E(ii) shall be in addition to any liability which it may otherwise have to the Underwriters. 

The procedures set forth in Section 8.C shall be equally applicable to this Section 8.E.

F. For purposes of this Section 8, the term Derived Information means such information
regarding the Offered Notes as is disseminated by any Underwriter to a potential investor, if any, contained in any Other Offering Document that: 

(i) 

is not contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus, taking into
account information incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus; and 

(ii) 

does not constitute Issuer Information. 

Issuer Information means (i) any data furnished to the Underwriters by the Companies concerning the Receivables (including any such
information intended for use or incorporation in any Other Offering Document), (ii) the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Road Show Information (in each case, other than in
respect of the Underwriters Information) and (iii) any other textual information furnished by the Companies to the Underwriters for inclusion in any Other Offering Document. 

For the avoidance of doubt, Derived Information will include any information that would otherwise constitute Issuer Information but that
was not accurately extracted or transcribed by any Underwriter for use or incorporation in any Other Offering Document. 

G. If the
indemnification provided for in this Section 8 shall for any reason be unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under Sections 8.A, 8.B or 8.E in respect of
any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute severally and not jointly to the amount paid or payable by
such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by GMF and the Seller on the one hand and the
Underwriters on the other from the offering of the Offered Notes or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits
referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of GMF and the Seller on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other with respect to the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action
in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 

22 

The relative benefits received by GMF and the Seller on the one hand and the Underwriters on
the other in connection with the offering of the Offered Notes shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before deducting expenses other than underwriting discounts received by the Underwriters)
received by the Companies and their affiliates bear to the underwriting discounts received by the Underwriters. 

The relative fault of the
Underwriters, GMF and the Seller shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by GMF, the Seller or by
one of the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission and other equitable considerations. 

GMF, the Seller and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this
Section 8.G were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or
payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 8.G shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this
Section 8.G, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. 

Each director, officer, employee and agent of the Underwriters, and each person, if any, who controls an Underwriter within the meaning of the
Act or the Exchange Act, shall have the same rights to contribution as each of the Underwriters. Each director, officer, employee and agent of GMF and the Seller, and each person, if any, who controls GMF or the Seller within the meaning of the Act
or the Exchange Act, shall have the same rights to contribution as the Seller and GMF. 

In no case shall any Underwriter be responsible
for any amount in excess of the underwriting discount applicable to the Offered Notes purchased by such Underwriter hereunder. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled
to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. 

H. The Underwriters severally confirm that the
Underwriters Information is correct in all material respects and constitutes the only information furnished in writing to the Companies by or on behalf of the Underwriters specifically for inclusion in the Preliminary Prospectus and the
Prospectus. 

Section 9.Default by One or More of the Underwriters. If one or more of the
Underwriters participating in the offer and sale of the Offered Notes shall fail at the Closing Date to purchase the Offered Notes which it is obligated to purchase hereunder (the Defaulted Securities), then the non-defaulting Underwriters shall have the right, within 24 hours thereafter, to make arrangements to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Defaulted Securities in such amounts as may be agreed upon and upon
the terms herein set forth. If, however, the Underwriters have not completed such arrangements within such 24-hour period, then: 

23 

A. if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities does not exceed 10% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Offered Notes to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the non-defaulting Underwriters shall be obligated, pro rata in the proportion shown in the
attached Schedule 1 as to each non-defaulting Underwriter (Pro Rata) (unless the non-defaulting Underwriters agree among themselves to a
different allocation) to purchase the full amount thereof, or 

B. if the aggregate principal amount of Defaulted Securities exceeds 10% of
the aggregate principal amount of the Offered Notes to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement, (a) no non-defaulting Underwriters shall be required to purchase any Offered Notes which were to be
purchased by the defaulting Underwriter, (b) the non-defaulting Underwriters may elect to purchase the remaining amount Pro Rata (unless the non-defaulting
Underwriters agree among themselves to a different allocation) provided that if the non-defaulting Underwriters have not agreed to purchase the entire aggregate principal amount of the Offered Notes, then this
Agreement shall terminate, without any liability on the part of the non-defaulting Underwriters. 

No action taken pursuant to this Section 9 shall relieve the defaulting Underwriter from the liability with respect
to any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement. 

In the event of a default by any Underwriter as set forth in this
Section 9, each of the Underwriters and the Seller shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a period not exceeding five (5) Business Days in order that any applicable changes in the Registration Statement,
the Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. 

Section 10.Termination. This Agreement shall be subject to termination in the absolute discretion of
the Representative, by notice given to GMF and the Seller prior to delivery of and payment for the Offered Notes if prior to such time (i) any change, or any development involving a prospective change, would have a material adverse effect on
the general affairs, business, management, financial condition, stockholders equity, results of operations, regulatory situation or business prospects of the Companies which, in the reasonable judgment of the Representative, materially impairs
the investment quality of the Offered Notes or makes it impractical or inadvisable to market the Offered Notes; (ii) any nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined under Section 15E of the Exchange Act)
(a NRSRO) downgrades its rating of any outstanding asset-backed securities issued by any securitization trust established for the GMCAR platform; (iii) trading in securities generally on the New York Stock Exchange or the
National Association of Securities Dealers National Market System shall have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall have been established on such exchange or market system; (iv) a banking moratorium shall have been declared by
either federal or New York State authorities; (v) there shall have occurred any outbreak or material escalation of hostilities or other calamity or crisis or change in the financial markets, the effect of which is a material adverse effect on
the practicality or advisability of proceeding with the completion of the sale and payment for the Offered Notes; or (vi) any material disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services shall have occurred in the United States.
Upon such notice being given, the parties to this Agreement shall (except for any liability arising before or in relation to such termination including, for the avoidance of doubt, the liability of GMF and the Seller under
Section 8 hereof) be released and discharged from their respective obligations under this Agreement. 

24 

Section 11.Representations, Warranties and Agreements to
Survive Delivery. All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement or contained in certificates of officers of the Companies submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters or any officers, directors or controlling persons of any of the Underwriters, or by or on behalf of the Companies or any officers, directors or controlling persons of either of the
Companies and shall survive delivery of any Offered Notes to the Underwriters. 

Section 12.Absence of
Fiduciary Relationship. GMF and the Seller acknowledge and agree that: 

A. The Underwriters have been retained solely to act as
Underwriters in connection with the sale of the Offered Notes and that no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between GMF and/or the Seller and the Underwriters has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are advising GMF, the Seller and/or any of their respective affiliates on other matters; 

B. No Underwriter is advising GMF, the Seller or any other person as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any
jurisdiction. GMF and the Seller shall consult with their own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making their own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and no Underwriter shall
have any responsibility or liability to GMF or the Seller with respect thereto. Any review by any Underwriter of GMF, the Seller, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the
benefit of such Underwriter and shall not be on behalf of GMF or the Seller; 

C. The price of the Offered Notes set forth in this Agreement
was established by the Seller following discussions and arms-length negotiations with the Representative, and GMF and the Seller are capable of evaluating and understanding, and understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

D. GMF and the Seller have been advised that the Underwriters and their affiliates are
engaged in a broad range of transactions which may involve interests that differ from those of GMF and/or the Seller and that the Underwriters have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions to GMF and/or the Seller by virtue of any
fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship; and 

E. Each of GMF and the Seller waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims
it may have against the Underwriters for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees that the Underwriters shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to GMF or the Seller in respect of such a fiduciary duty
claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of GMF or the Seller, including stockholders, employees or creditors of GMF or the Seller. 

25 

Section 13.Notices. All notices and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if mailed or transmitted by any standard form of telecommunication or electronic communication to: 

The Representative: Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.

1301 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10019

Attention: Roger Klepper

E-mail:roger.klepper@ca-cib.com

GMF: AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.

d/b/a GM Financial

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500

Fort Worth, Texas 76102

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

Fax: (817) 302-7915

The Seller: AFS SenSub Corp.

c/o AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500

Fort Worth, Texas 76102

Attention: Chief Financial Officer

Fax: (817) 302-7915

Section 14.Parties. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be binding upon the Representative and the Companies, and their respective successors or assigns. Nothing expressed or mentioned in this Agreement is intended nor shall it be construed to give any person, firm or corporation, other than the parties
hereto and their respective successors and the controlling persons and officers, employees, agents and directors referred to in Section 8 and their heirs and legal representatives, any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision herein contained. This Agreement and all conditions and provisions hereof are intended to be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties and their respective successors and said
controlling persons and officers, employees, agents and directors and their heirs and legal representatives (to the extent of their rights as specified herein) and except as provided above for the benefit of no other person, firm or corporation. No
purchaser of Offered Notes from any Underwriter shall be deemed to be a successor by reason merely of such purchase. 

Section 15.
GOVERNING LAW; VENUE. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES AND/OR THE INTERPRETATIONS AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND
5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES
HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS, AND ANY OBJECTION TO VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED
APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT. 

26 

Section 16. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. 

Section 17.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so
executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words executed, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement or in
any other certificate, agreement or document related to this transaction shall include, in addition to manually executed signature pages, images of manually executed signatures transmitted by facsimile or other electronic format (including, without
limitation, pdf, tif or jpg) and other electronic signatures (including, without limitation, any electronic sound, symbol, or process, attached to or logically associated with a contract or other record and
executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the record). The use of electronic signatures and electronic records (including, without limitation, any contract or other record created, generated, sent, communicated, received, or stored by
electronic means) shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a manually executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act and any other applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform
Commercial Code. 

Section 18.Headings. The headings herein are inserted for convenience of
reference only and are not intended to be part of, or affect the meaning or interpretation of, this Agreement. 

Section 19.Underwriter Representations, Warranties and Covenants. 

A. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, agrees that, without the prior consent of GMF, it will not provide to any NRSRO any
information, written or oral, related to the Trust, the Notes, the Receivables, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any other information that could be reasonably determined to be relevant to (x) determining an initial credit
rating for the Offered Notes (as contemplated by Rule 17g-5(a)(3)(iii)(C)) or (y) undertaking credit rating surveillance for the Offered Notes (as contemplated by
Rule 17g-5(a)(3)(iii)(D));provided, however, that if an Underwriter receives any communication from a NRSRO with respect to the Offered Notes, such Underwriter is authorized to inform such
NRSRO that it will respond to the communication only with a designated representative from GMF. 

27 

B. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, represents and agrees that (i) it has
not offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available, any Offered Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus to any U.K. Retail Investor in the United Kingdom (the
U.K.); (ii) in the U.K., it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Offered Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not
apply to the Trust and/or the Seller; and (iii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Offered Notes in, from or otherwise involving the U.K. 

For the purposes of this Section 19.B, the expression U.K. Retail Investor means a person who is one (or
more) of the following: 

(x) 

a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565, as
it forms part of U.K. domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA) and as amended; 

(y) 

a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA
(such rules or regulations as amended) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of U.K.
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and as amended; or 

(z) 

not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of U.K.
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended. 

In addition, for purposes of this
Section 19.B, (i) the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Offered Notes to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Offered Notes. 

C. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, represents and agrees
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Offered Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus to any E.U. Retail Investor in the European
Economic Area. For the purposes of this Section 19.C, the expression E.U. Retail Investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 

(x) 

a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,
MiFID II); or 

28 

(y) 

a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 

(z) 

not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).

In addition, for the purposes of this Section 19.C, the expression offer includes
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Offered Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Offered Notes. 

D. Each Underwriter, severally and not jointly, represents that it has not engaged any person to provide third-party due diligence
services (as defined in Rule 17g-10 under the Exchange Act) relating to the Offered Notes. 

Section 20.Recognition of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.

A. In the event that any Underwriter that is a Covered Entity becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the
transfer from such Underwriter of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any
such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

B. In the event that any
Underwriter that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act Affiliate of such Underwriter becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Underwriter are permitted
to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

For purposes of this Section 20, a BHC Act Affiliate has the meaning assigned to the term
affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. U.S. Special Resolution
Regime means each of (i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (ii) Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

29 

If the foregoing is in accordance with the Representatives understanding of our
agreement, please sign and return to us a counterpart hereof, whereupon this instrument along with all counterparts will become a binding agreement by and among the Representative, GMF and the Seller in accordance with its terms. 

Very truly yours,

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

d/b/a GM FINANCIAL

By: 

/s/ Robert T. Pigott III

Name: Robert T. Pigott III

Title: Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasury

AFS SENSUB CORP.

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey Fish

Name: Jeffrey Fish

Title: Vice President, Corporate Treasury

Signature Page to GMCAR 2025-1 Underwriting
Agreement

CONFIRMED AND ACCEPTED,

as of the date first above written:

CREDIT AGRICOLE SECURITIES (USA) INC.

Acting on its own behalf and as

Representative of the Underwriters referred

to in the foregoing Agreement

By: 

/s/ Roger Klepper

Name: Roger Klepper

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Leo Burrell

Name: Leo Burrell

Title: Managing Director

Signature Page to GMCAR 2025-1 Underwriting Agreement

Schedule 1 

Purchase Price 

Class A-1 Class A-2-A Class A-2-B Class A-3 Class A-4 Class B 

Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % 99.58192 % 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % 99.58192 % 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % 99.58192 % 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % 99.58192 % 

TD Securities (USA) LLC 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % 99.58192 % 

Academy Securities, Inc. 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % N/A 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % N/A 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % N/A 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 99.90000 % 99.79047 % 99.80000 % 99.74257 % 99.66736 % N/A 

Principal Amount 

Class A-1 Class A-2-A Class A-2-B Class A-3 Class A-4 Class B 

Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. $ 52,560,000 $ 61,218,000 $ 38,536,000 $ 99,744,000 $ 17,990,000 $ 5,098,000 

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ 52,560,000 $ 61,212,000 $ 38,530,000 $ 99,741,000 $ 17,987,000 $ 5,098,000 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC $ 52,560,000 $ 61,212,000 $ 38,530,000 $ 99,741,000 $ 17,987,000 $ 5,098,000 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC $ 52,560,000 $ 61,212,000 $ 38,530,000 $ 99,741,000 $ 17,987,000 $ 5,098,000 

TD Securities (USA) LLC $ 52,560,000 $ 61,212,000 $ 38,530,000 $ 99,741,000 $ 17,987,000 $ 5,098,000 

Academy Securities, Inc. $ 7,300,000 $ 8,501,000 $ 5,351,000 $ 13,853,000 $ 2,498,000 N/A 

BMO Capital Markets Corp. $ 7,300,000 $ 8,501,000 $ 5,351,000 $ 13,853,000 $ 2,498,000 N/A 

RBC Capital Markets, LLC $ 7,300,000 $ 8,501,000 $ 5,351,000 $ 13,853,000 $ 2,498,000 N/A 

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. $ 7,300,000 $ 8,501,000 $ 5,351,000 $ 13,853,000 $ 2,498,000 N/A 

Schedule 1-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d851789dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes 

Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes 

Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes 

Class A-3 4.62% Asset Backed Notes 

Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed Notes 

Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes 

Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of January 15, 2025 

CITIBANK, N.A.,

as Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions and Incorporation by Reference 3 

SECTION 1.1 Definitions 3 

SECTION 1.2 Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 11 

SECTION 1.3 Rules of Construction 11 

ARTICLE II The Notes 12 

SECTION 2.1 Form 12 

SECTION 2.2 Execution, Authentication and Delivery 12 

SECTION 2.3 Temporary Notes 13 

SECTION 2.4 Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange 13 

SECTION 2.5 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 15 

SECTION 2.6 Persons Deemed Owner 16 

SECTION 2.7 Payment of Principal and Interest; Defaulted Interest 16 

SECTION 2.8 Cancellation 17 

SECTION 2.9 Release of Collateral 17 

SECTION 2.10 Book-Entry Notes 17 

SECTION 2.11 Notices to Clearing Agency 18 

SECTION 2.12 Definitive Notes 19 

ARTICLE III Covenants 19 

SECTION 3.1 Payment of Principal and Interest 19 

SECTION 3.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency 19 

SECTION 3.3 Money for Payments to be Held in Trust 20 

SECTION 3.4 Existence 21 

SECTION 3.5 Protection of Trust Estate 21 

SECTION 3.6 Opinions as to Trust Estate 22 

SECTION 3.7 Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables 22 

SECTION 3.8 Negative Covenants 23 

SECTION 3.9 Annual Statement as to Compliance 23 

SECTION 3.10 Issuer May Consolidate, Etc. Only on Certain Terms 24 

SECTION 3.11 Successor or Transferee 26 

SECTION 3.12 No Other Business 26 

SECTION 3.13 No Borrowing 26 

SECTION 3.14 Servicers Obligations 26 

SECTION 3.15 Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities 26 

SECTION 3.16 Capital Expenditures 26 

SECTION 3.17 Compliance with Laws 26 

SECTION 3.18 Restricted Payments 27 

SECTION 3.19 Notice of Events of Default 27 

SECTION 3.20 Further Instruments and Acts 27 

SECTION 3.21 Amendments of Sale and Servicing Agreement and Trust Agreement 27 

SECTION 3.22 Income Tax Characterization 27 

ARTICLE IV Satisfaction and Discharge 27 

SECTION 4.1 Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture 27 

SECTION 4.2 Application of Trust Money 28 

SECTION 4.3 Repayment of Moneys Held by Note Paying Agent 28 

ARTICLE V Remedies 29 

SECTION 5.1 Events of Default 29 

SECTION 5.2 Rights Upon Event of Default 30 

SECTION 5.3 Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee 30 

SECTION 5.4 Remedies 33 

SECTION 5.5 Optional Preservation of the Receivables 34 

SECTION 5.6 Priorities 34 

SECTION 5.7 Limitation of Suits 35 

SECTION 5.8 Unconditional Rights of Noteholders To Receive Principal and Interest 36 

SECTION 5.9 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 36 

SECTION 5.10 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 36 

SECTION 5.11 Delay or Omission Not a Waiver 36 

SECTION 5.12 Control by Noteholders 36 

SECTION 5.13 Waiver of Past Defaults 37 

SECTION 5.14 Undertaking for Costs 37 

SECTION 5.15 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 38 

SECTION 5.16 Action on Notes 38 

SECTION 5.17 Performance and Enforcement of Certain Obligations 38 

ARTICLE VI The Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent 38 

SECTION 6.1 Duties of Trustee 38 

SECTION 6.2 Rights of Trustee 40 

SECTION 6.3 Individual Rights of Trustee 43 

SECTION 6.4 Trustees Disclaimer 43 

SECTION 6.5 Notice of Defaults 44 

SECTION 6.6 Reports by Trustee to Holders 44 

SECTION 6.7 Compensation and Indemnity 44 

SECTION 6.8 Replacement of Trustee 45 

SECTION 6.9 Successor Trustee by Merger 46 

SECTION 6.10 Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 46 

SECTION 6.11 Eligibility: Disqualification 48 

SECTION 6.12 Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuer 48 

SECTION 6.13 Appointment and Powers 48 

SECTION 6.14 Performance of Duties 49 

SECTION 6.15 Limitation on Liability 49 

SECTION 6.16 Reliance Upon Documents 50 

ii 

SECTION 6.17 Successor Trust Collateral Agent 50 

SECTION 6.18 Compensation 51 

SECTION 6.19 Representations and Warranties of the Trust Collateral Agent and the Issuer 51 

SECTION 6.20 Waiver of Setoffs 53 

ARTICLE VII Noteholders Communications and Reports 53 

SECTION 7.1 Issuer to Furnish to Trustee Names and Addresses of Noteholders 53 

SECTION 7.2 Preservation of Information; Communications to Noteholders 53 

SECTION 7.3 Reports by Issuer 54 

SECTION 7.4 Reports by Trustee 55 

SECTION 7.5 Review Reports 55 

ARTICLE VIII Accounts, Disbursements and Releases 56 

SECTION 8.1 Collection of Money 56 

SECTION 8.2 Release of Trust Estate 56 

SECTION 8.3 Opinion of Counsel 56 

ARTICLE IX Supplemental Indentures 57 

SECTION 9.1 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders 57 

SECTION 9.2 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders 58 

SECTION 9.3 Execution of Supplemental Indentures 59 

SECTION 9.4 Effect of Supplemental Indenture 59 

SECTION 9.5 Conformity with Trust Indenture Act 60 

SECTION 9.6 Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures 60 

ARTICLE X Redemption of Notes 60 

SECTION 10.1 Redemption 60 

SECTION 10.2 Form of Redemption 60 

SECTION 10.3 Notes Payable on Redemption Date 61 

ARTICLE XI Miscellaneous 61 

SECTION 11.1 Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc. 61 

SECTION 11.2 Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee 63 

SECTION 11.3 Acts of Noteholders 64 

SECTION 11.4 Notices, etc., to Trustee, Issuer and Rating Agencies 64 

SECTION 11.5 Notices to Noteholders; Waiver 65 

SECTION 11.6 [Reserved] 65 

SECTION 11.7 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act 65 

SECTION 11.8 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 66 

SECTION 11.9 Successors and Assigns 66 

SECTION 11.10 Separability 66 

SECTION 11.11 Benefits of Indenture 66 

iii 

SECTION 11.12 Legal Holidays 66 

SECTION 11.13 GOVERNING LAW 66 

SECTION 11.14 Counterparts and Consent to do Business Electronically 66 

SECTION 11.15 Recording of Indenture 67 

SECTION 11.16 Trust Obligation 67 

SECTION 11.17 No Petition 67 

SECTION 11.18 Inspection 67 

SECTION 11.19 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 68 

SECTION 11.20 No Partnership or Joint Venture 68 

SECTION 11.21 Limitation of Liability of the Owner Trustee 68 

SECTION 11.22 Third Party Beneficiary 69 

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A-1 Form of Class A-1 Note

EXHIBIT A-2-A Form of Class A-2-A Note

EXHIBIT A-2-B Form of Class A-2-B Note

EXHIBIT A-3-1 Form of Class A-3-1 Note

EXHIBIT A-3-2 Form of Class A-3-2 Note

EXHIBIT A-4 Form of Class A-4 Note

EXHIBIT B Form of Class B Note

EXHIBIT C Form of Class C Note

SCHEDULES 

SCHEDULE A Representations and Warranties of the Issuer

iv 

INDENTURE, dated as of January 15, 2025, between GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE
RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), and CITIBANK, N.A., a national banking association, as trustee (in such capacity, the Trustee) and Trust
Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the Trust Collateral Agent). 

Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the
other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Issuers Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1
Notes), Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A
Notes), Class A-2-B Floating Rate Notes (the Class A-2-B
Notes and together with the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2 Notes), Class A-3 4.62% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed Notes (the
Class A-4 Notes, and together with the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2 Notes and the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A Notes), Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes) and Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (the Class C
Notes and together with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes). 

As security for the
payment and performance by the Issuer of its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes, the Issuer has agreed to assign the Collateral (as defined below) as collateral to the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of
the Noteholders. 

GRANTING CLAUSE 

The Issuer hereby Grants to the Trust Collateral Agent at the Closing Date, for the benefit of the Issuer Secured Parties, all of the
Issuers right, title and interest in and to the following property, whether now existing or hereafter acquired or arising (a) the Receivables and all moneys received thereon after the Cutoff Date; (b) the security interests in the
Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any other interest of the Issuer in the Financed Vehicles; (c) any proceeds with respect to the Receivables repurchased by a Dealer, pursuant to a Dealer Agreement, as a
result of a breach of representation or warranty in the related Dealer Agreement; (d) all rights under any Service Contracts on the related Financed Vehicles; (e) any proceeds with respect to the Receivables from claims on any physical
damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors and any proceeds from the liquidation of the Receivables; (f) the Trust Accounts and all funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts, and
in all investments and proceeds thereof and all rights of the Issuer therein (including all income thereon); (g) the Issuers rights and benefits, but none of its obligations or burdens, under the Purchase Agreement, including the delivery
requirements, representations and warranties and the cure and repurchase obligations of GM Financial under the Purchase Agreement; (h) all items contained in the Receivable Files and any and all other documents that GM Financial keeps on file
in accordance with its customary procedures relating to the Receivables, the Obligors or the Financed Vehicles; (i) the Issuers rights and benefits, but none of its obligations or burdens, under the Sale and Servicing Agreement (including
all rights of the Seller under the Purchase Agreement assigned to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement); (j) all of the Issuers (i) Accounts, (ii) Chattel Paper, (iii) Documents, (iv) Instruments and
(v) General Intangibles (as such terms are defined in the UCC) relative to the property described in (a) through (i); and (k) all present and future claims, demands, causes and choses of action in respect of any or all of the
foregoing and all payments on or under and all proceeds of every kind and nature whatsoever in respect of any or all of the foregoing, including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, into cash or other liquid property, all cash
proceeds, accounts, accounts receivable, notes, drafts, acceptances, chattel paper, checks, deposit accounts, insurance proceeds, condemnation awards, rights to payment of any and every kind and other forms of obligations and receivables,
instruments and other property which at any time constitute all or part of or are included in the proceeds of any of the foregoing (collectively, the Collateral). 

The foregoing Grant is made in trust to the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. The Trust
Collateral Agent hereby acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts under this Indenture in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and agrees to perform its duties required in this Indenture to the end that the interests of such parties,
recognizing the priorities of their respective interests may be adequately and effectively protected. 

2 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions and Incorporation by Reference 

SECTION 1.1 Definitions. Except as otherwise specified herein, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below
for all purposes of this Indenture. 

Act has the meaning specified in Section 11.3(a). 

Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common
control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. A Person shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate of any
person solely because such other Person has the contractual right or obligation to manage such Person unless such other Person controls such Person through equity ownership or otherwise. 

Authorized Officer means, with respect to the Issuer and the Servicer, any officer or agent acting pursuant to a power of
attorney of the Owner Trustee or the Servicer, as applicable, who is authorized to act for the Owner Trustee or the Servicer, as applicable, in matters relating to the Issuer and who is identified on the list of Authorized Officers delivered by each
of the Owner Trustee and the Servicer to the Trustee on the Closing Date (as such list may be modified or supplemented from time to time thereafter). 

Basic Documents means this Indenture, the Certificate of Trust, the Trust Agreement (as amended), the Purchase Agreement,
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement and other documents and certificates delivered in connection therewith. 

Benefit Plan Entity has the meaning specified in Section 2.4. 

Benefit Plan Investor has the meaning specified in Section 2.4. 

Book Entry Notes means a beneficial interest in the Notes, ownership and transfers of which shall be made through book
entries by a Clearing Agency as described in Section 2.10. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a
Sunday, legal holiday or other day on which commercial banking institutions located in Wilmington, Delaware, Fort Worth, Texas, New York, New York, or any other location of any successor Servicer, successor Owner Trustee or successor Trust
Collateral Agent are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or governmental decree to be closed. 

Certificate
means a trust certificate evidencing the beneficial interest of a Certificateholder in the Trust. 

Certificate of Trust
means the certificate of trust of the Issuer substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Trust Agreement. 

3 

Certificateholder means the Person in whose name a Certificate is
registered on the Certificate Register. 

Class A Notes means the Class A-1
Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes. 

Class A-1 Interest Rate means 4.395% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the related Interest Period). 

Class A-1 Notes means the Class A-1 Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1.

Class A-2 Notes means the Class A-2-A Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes. 

Class A-2-A Interest Rate means 4.44% per
annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months). 

Class A-2-A Notes means the Class A-2-A Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2-A.

Class A-2-B Interest Rate means the greater
of (i) SOFR plus 0.33% per annum and (ii) 0.00% (computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in the related Interest Period). 

Class A-2-B Notes means the Class A-2-B Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2-B.

Class A-3 Interest Rate means 4.62% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months). 

Class A-3 Notes means the Class A-3
Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3-1 and Exhibit A-3-2.

Class A-4 Interest Rate means 4.73% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months). 

Class A-4 Notes means the Class A-4
Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-4.

Class B Interest
Rate means 5.00% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months). 

Class B Notes means the Class B Asset Backed Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit B. 

Class C Interest Rate means 5.20% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day
year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months). 

4 

Class C Notes means the Class C Asset Backed Notes, substantially in
the form of Exhibit C. 

Clearing Agency means an organization registered as a clearing agency pursuant to
Section 17A of the Exchange Act. 

Clearing Agency Participant means a broker, dealer, bank, other financial
institution or other Person for whom from time to time a Clearing Agency effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the Clearing Agency. 

Closing Date means January 15, 2025. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Collateral has the meaning specified in the Granting Clause of this Indenture. 

Controlling Class means, (i) the Class A Notes so long as any class of the Class A Notes are Outstanding,
(ii) if no class of Class A Notes are Outstanding, the Class B Notes, or (iii) if no Class A Notes or Class B Notes are Outstanding, the Class C Notes. 

Controlling Party means the Trust Collateral Agent, acting on behalf of the Noteholders and solely at the prior written
direction of the Majority Noteholders. 

Corporate Trust Office means (i) solely with respect to the transfer,
surrender, exchange or presentation for final payment of the Notes, 480 Washington Boulevard, 16th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey 07310, Attention: Citibank Agency & Trust - GMCAR 2025-1 and
(ii) for all other purposes, the principal office of the Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which on the date of execution of this Indenture is located at 388 Greenwich Street Tower, 26th
Floor, New York, New York 10013, Attention: Citibank Agency & Trust - GMCAR 2025-1, or at such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Noteholders, the Servicer
and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (the address of which the successor Trustee will notify the Noteholders and the Issuer). 

Default means any occurrence that is, or with notice or the lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default. 

Definitive Notes has the meaning specified in Section 2.10. 

Distribution Date has the meaning specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

ERISA has the meaning specified in Section 2.4. 

ERISA Restricted Notes has the meaning specified in Section 2.4. 

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 5.1. 

5 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Executive Officer means, with respect to any corporation, limited liability company or national association, the Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Secretary or the Treasurer of such corporation, limited liability company or national
association; and with respect to any partnership, any general partner thereof. 

Final Scheduled Distribution Date means
with respect to (i) the Class A-1 Notes, the January 16, 2026 Distribution Date, (ii) the Class A-2-A
Notes, the January 18, 2028 Distribution Date, (iii) the Class A-2-B Notes, the January 18, 2028 Distribution Date, (iv) the Class A-3 Notes, the December 17, 2029 Distribution Date, (v) the Class A-4 Notes, the August 16, 2030 Distribution Date, (vi) the Class B
Notes, the August 16, 2030 Distribution Date and (vii) the Class C Notes, the July 16, 2032 Distribution Date. 

GAAP means, at any particular time, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as in effect at such time, consistently
applied. 

Grant means mortgage, pledge, bargain, warrant, alienate, remise, release, convey, assign, transfer, create,
grant a lien upon and a security interest in and right of set-off against, deposit, set over and confirm pursuant to this Indenture. A Grant of the Collateral or of any other agreement or instrument shall
include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the Granting party thereunder, including the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipt for principal and interest payments in respect of the
Collateral and all other moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the Granting party or otherwise
and generally to do and receive anything that the Granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. 

Holder or Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Note Register. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person as of any day, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money
or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary practices), (ii) any other indebtedness of such Person which is
evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument, (iii) all obligations of such Person under each lease of property, real or personal, the obligations of the lessee in respect of which are required in accordance with GAAP to be
capitalized on a balance sheet of the lessee, (iv) all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit, acceptances or similar obligations issued or created for the account of such person, (v) all guarantee obligations of such
Person and (vi) all obligations and liabilities secured by any lien on any property owned by such Person even though such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for the payment thereof, each as of such day. 

Indenture means this Indenture as amended and supplemented from time to time. 

6 

Independent means, when used with respect to any specified Person, that
the Person (a) is in fact independent of the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Seller and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons, (b) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial
interest in the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Seller or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons and (c) is not connected with the Issuer, any such other obligor, the Seller or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons as an
officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions. 

Independent
Certificate means a certificate or opinion to be delivered to the Trust Collateral Agent under the circumstances described in, and otherwise complying with, the applicable requirements of Section 11.1, prepared by an Independent
appraiser or other expert appointed by an Issuer Order and approved by the Trust Collateral Agent in the exercise of reasonable care, and such opinion or certificate shall state that the signer has read the definition of Independent in
this Indenture and that the signer is Independent within the meaning thereof. 

Interest Rate means, with respect to the
(i) Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-1 Interest Rate,
(ii) Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-A Interest Rate, (iii) Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-2-B Interest Rate, (iv) Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-3 Interest Rate, (v) Class A-4 Notes, the
Class A-4 Interest Rate, (vi) Class B Notes, the Class B Interest Rate and (vii) Class C Notes, the Class C Interest Rate. 

Issuer means the party named as such in this Indenture until a successor replaces it and, thereafter, means the successor
and, for purposes of any provision contained herein and as required by the TIA, each other obligor on the Notes. 

Issuer
Order and Issuer Request means a written order or request signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its Authorized Officers and delivered to the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Note Paying Agent. 

Issuer Secured Parties means the Trustee in respect of the Trustee Issuer Secured Obligations. 

Majority Noteholders means the Holders of Notes representing a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Class;
provided, that neither Holders of Notes who are employees or Affiliates of the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer or General Motors Financial Company, Inc. nor the Notes held by such Holders shall be counted when calculating such majority of
the related Outstanding Amount. 

Note means a Class A-1 Note, a Class A-2-A Note, a Class A-2-B Note, a
Class A-3 Note, a Class A-4 Note, a Class B Note or a Class C Note. 

Note Owner means, with respect to a Book Entry Note, the Person who is the owner of such Book Entry Note, as reflected on
the books of the Clearing Agency, or on the books of a Person maintaining an account with such Clearing Agency (directly as a Clearing Agency Participant or as an indirect participant, in each case in accordance with the rules of such Clearing
Agency). 

7 

Note Paying Agent means the Trustee or any other Person that meets the
eligibility standards for the Trustee specified in Section 6.11 and is authorized by the Issuer to make the payments to and distributions from the Collection Account and the Note Distribution Account, including payment of principal of or
interest on the Notes on behalf of the Issuer. 

Note Register and Note Registrar have the respective
meanings specified in Section 2.4. 

Notice of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 hereof. 

Offered Notes has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4 hereof. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed by any Authorized Officer of the Issuer, under the circumstances
described in, and otherwise complying with, the applicable requirements of Section 11.1 and TIA 314, and delivered to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent. Unless otherwise specified, any reference in this Indenture to an
Officers Certificate shall be to an Officers Certificate of any Authorized Officer of the Issuer. 

Opinion of
Counsel means one or more written opinions of counsel who may, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Indenture, be employees of or counsel to the Issuer and who shall be satisfactory to the Trustee, and which shall comply with any
applicable requirements of Section 11.1, and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee. 

Outstanding means, as of the date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture
except: 

(i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation;

(ii) Notes or portions thereof the payment for which money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited
with the Trustee or any Note Paying Agent in trust for the Noteholders (provided, however, that if such Notes are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor, satisfactory to
the Trustee); and 

(iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of other Notes which have been authenticated and delivered
pursuant to this Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a bona fide purchaser; 

provided,
however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite Outstanding Amount of the Notes have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder or under any Basic Document, Notes owned by the
Issuer, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Seller or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, as
applicable, shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, as applicable, either actually knows to
be so owned or has received written notice thereof shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right so
to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, any other obligor upon the Notes, the Seller or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing Persons. 

8 

Outstanding Amount means the aggregate principal amount of all Notes, or
class of Notes, as applicable, Outstanding at the date of determination. 

Predecessor Note means, with respect to any
particular Note, every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purpose of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.5 in lieu of a mutilated,
lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note. 

Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding. 

Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption means U.S. Department of Labor prohibited transaction class
exemption 84-14,90-1,91-38,95-60 or 96-23, or
any similar prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor. 

Prospectus means the
prospectus, dated as of January 9, 2025, relating to the offering of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, as filed with the Commission. 

Rating Agency means each of Fitch and Moodys so long as such Persons maintain a rating on the Notes; and if any of
Fitch and Moodys no longer maintains a rating on the Notes, such other nationally recognized statistical rating organization engaged by the Seller. 

Rating Agency Condition means, with respect to any action, that each Rating Agency shall have been given ten
(10) days (or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to each Rating Agency) prior notice thereof by GM Financial and such Rating Agency has not notified the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent (or
the Trustee, as applicable) in writing that such action will result in a reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating of any Class of Notes. 

Record Date means, with respect to a Distribution Date or Redemption Date, the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding such Distribution Date or Redemption Date, unless otherwise specified in this Indenture. 

Redemption
Date means in the case of a redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 10.1(a) or a payment to Noteholders pursuant to Section 10.1(b), the Distribution Date specified by the Servicer or the Issuer pursuant to
Section 10.1(a) or 10.1(b) as applicable. 

Redemption Price means (a) in the case of a redemption of the
Notes pursuant to Section 10.1(a), an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the then outstanding principal amount of each class of Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the Redemption Date, or
(b) in the case of a payment made to Noteholders pursuant to Section 10.1(b), the amount on deposit in the Note Distribution Account, but not in excess of the amount specified in clause (a) above. 

9 

Responsible Officer means, with respect to the Trustee or the Trust
Collateral Agent, any officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, including any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Treasurer, Assistant Secretary, or any other officer
of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because
of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject, in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture. 

Sale and Servicing Agreement means the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, among the Issuer,
the Seller, the Servicer and the Trust Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 

Schedule
of Representations means the Schedule of Representations and Warranties attached hereto as Schedule A. 

Similar
Law has the meaning specified in Section 2.4. 

STAMP has the meaning specified in Section 2.4. 

State means any one of the fifty (50) states of the United States of America and/or the District of Columbia. 

Statutory Exemption means the statutory exemption under Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of
the Code. 

Termination Date means the date on which the Trustee shall have received payment and performance of all
Trustee Issuer Secured Obligations. 

Trust Collateral Agent means, initially, Citibank, N.A., a national banking
association, in its capacity as collateral agent on behalf of the Issuer Secured Parties, including its successors-in-interest, until and unless a successor Person shall
have become the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.17 hereof, and thereafter Trust Collateral Agent shall mean such successor Person. 

Trust Estate means all money, instruments, rights and other property that are subject or intended to be subject to the lien
and security interest of this Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders (including all property and interests Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent), including all proceeds thereof. 

Trust Indenture Act or TIA means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended and as in force on the date
hereof, unless otherwise specifically provided. 

Trustee means Citibank, N.A., a national banking association, not in
its individual capacity but as trustee under this Indenture, or any successor trustee under this Indenture. 

10 

Trustee Issuer Secured Obligations means all amounts and obligations
which the Issuer may at any time owe to or on behalf of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders under this Indenture, the Notes or any Basic Document. 

UCC means, unless the context otherwise requires, the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction,
as amended from time to time. 

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Trust Agreement. 

SECTION 1.2 Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act.

Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the TIA, the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this
Indenture. The following TIA terms used in this Indenture have the following meanings: 

Commission means the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

indenture securities means the Notes. 

indenture security holder means a Noteholder. 

indenture to be qualified means this Indenture. 

indenture trustee or institutional trustee means the Trustee. 

obligor on the indenture securities means the Issuer. 

All other TIA terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the TIA, defined by TIA reference to another statute or defined by Commission
rule have the meaning assigned to them by such definitions. 

SECTION 1.3 Rules of Construction. Unless the context otherwise
requires: 

(a) a term has the meaning assigned to it; 

(b) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
as in effect from time to time; 

(c) or is not exclusive; 

(d) including means including without limitation; and 

(e) words in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular. 

11 

ARTICLE II 

The Notes 

SECTION
2.1 Form. The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes,
in each case together with the Trustees certificate of authentication, shall be in substantially the forms set forth in Exhibits A-1,A-2-A,A-2-B,A-3-1,A-3-2,A-4, B and C, respectively, with
such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may,
consistently herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of the Notes. Any portion of the text of any Note may be set forth on the reverse thereof, with an appropriate reference thereto on the face
of the Note. 

The Definitive Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods
(with or without steel engraved borders), all as determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes. 

Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes set forth in Exhibits
A-1,A-2-A,A-2-B,A-3-1,A-3-2,A-4, B and C are part of the terms
of this Indenture. 

SECTION 2.2 Execution, Authentication and Delivery. The Notes shall be executed on behalf of the Issuer
by any of its Authorized Officers. The signature of any such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or facsimile. 

Notes bearing
the manual or facsimile signature of individuals who were at any time Authorized Officers of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and
delivery of such Notes or did not hold such offices at the date of such Notes. 

The Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order,
authenticate and deliver Class A-1 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $292,000,000,
Class A-2-A Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $340,070,000,
Class A-2-B Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $214,060,000, Class A-3 Notes for original
issue in an aggregate principal amount of $554,120,000, Class A-4 Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $99,930,000, Class B Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal
amount of $25,490,000 and Class C Notes for original issue in an aggregate principal amount of $23,890,000. The Class A-1 Notes,
Class A-2-A Notes, Class A-2-B Notes,
Class A-3 Notes, Class A-4 Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes Outstanding at any time may not exceed such amounts except as provided in
Section 2.5. 

The Notes shall be issuable as registered Notes in the minimum denomination of $1,000 and in integral multiples of
$1,000 (except for one (1) Note of each class which may be issued in a denomination other than an integral multiple of $1,000). 

12 

No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for
any purpose, unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized signatories, and such certificate upon any Note
shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. 

SECTION
2.3 Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Definitive Notes, the Issuer may execute, and upon receipt of an Issuer Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Notes which are printed, lithographed, typewritten,
mimeographed or otherwise produced, of the tenor of the Definitive Notes in lieu of which they are issued and with such variations not inconsistent with the terms of this Indenture as the officers executing such Notes may determine, as evidenced by
their execution of such Notes. 

If temporary Notes are issued, the Issuer will cause Definitive Notes to be prepared without unreasonable
delay. After the preparation of Definitive Notes, the temporary Notes shall be exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon surrender of the temporary Notes at the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.2, without
charge to the Noteholder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one (1) or more temporary Notes, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a like principal amount of Definitive Notes of
authorized denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as Definitive Notes. 

SECTION 2.4 Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register (the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations
as it may prescribe, the Issuer shall provide for the registration of Notes and the registration of transfers of Notes. The Trustee shall be Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein
provided. Upon any resignation of any Note Registrar, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor or, if it elects not to make such an appointment, assume the duties of Note Registrar. 

If a Person other than the Trustee is appointed by the Issuer as Note Registrar, the Issuer will give the Trustee prompt written notice of the
appointment of such Note Registrar and of the location, and any change in the location, of the Note Register, and the Trustee shall have the right to inspect the Note Register at all reasonable times and to obtain copies thereof, and the Trustee
shall have the right to conclusively rely upon a certificate executed on behalf of the Note Registrar by an Executive Officer thereof as to the names and addresses of the Noteholders of the Notes and the principal amounts and number of such Notes.

(b) Subject to Sections 2.10 and 2.12 hereof, upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the
Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.2, if the requirements of Section 8-401(1) of the UCC are met the Issuer shall execute and upon its request the Trustee shall authenticate and the
Noteholder shall obtain from the Trustee, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one (1) or more new Notes, in any authorized denominations, of the same class and a like aggregate principal amount. 

13 

At the option of the Noteholder, Notes may be exchanged for other Notes in any authorized
denominations, of the same class and a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, subject to Sections 2.10 and 2.12 hereof, if the
requirements of Section 8-401(1) of the UCC are met the Issuer shall execute and upon its request the Trustee shall authenticate and the Noteholder shall obtain from the Trustee, the Notes which the
Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive. 

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes shall be
the valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange. 

Every Note presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be (i) duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by a
written instrument of transfer in the forms attached to Exhibits A-1,A-2-A,A-2-B,A-3-1,A-3-2,A-4, B and C duly executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements
of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar
in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any sale or other transfer of a Class A Note or Class B Note (the
Offered Notes) or, to the extent the Opinion of Counsel described below is provided, a Class C Note (the ERISA Restricted Notes) that is a Definitive Note, the prospective transferee of a Definitive Note
shall be required to represent and warrant in writing (or in the case of a Book Entry Note or any beneficial interest therein, shall be deemed to have represented and warranted) to the Note Registrar that it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or
investing the assets of, (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)), that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility
provisions of Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code), that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) an entity whose underlying assets are deemed to include assets of an employee
benefit plan or a plan described in (a) or (b) above by reason of such employee benefit plans or plans investment in the entity (collectively, a Benefit Plan Investor), or (d) an employee benefit plan, a plan
or other similar arrangement that is not a Benefit Plan Investor but is subject to federal, State, local, non-U.S., or other laws or regulations that are substantially similar to ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code (Similar Law) (each such Benefit Plan Investor or plan subject to Similar Law, a Benefit Plan Entity), unless such purchasers or transferees acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note
is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). No Benefit Plan Entity may acquire an ERISA Restricted Note (or a beneficial interest therein)
unless, at the time of such sale or transfer, an Opinion of Counsel is provided to the effect that as of the date of such sale or transfer such ERISA Restricted Note will be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

No service charge shall be made to a Noteholder for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Note Registrar may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 2.3 or 9.6 not involving any transfer.

14 

The preceding provisions of this section notwithstanding, the Issuer shall not be required
to make and the Note Registrar shall not register transfers or exchanges of Notes selected for redemption or of any Note for a period of fifteen (15) days preceding the due date for any payment with respect to the Note. 

(d) The initial holder of the Class C Notes shall be the Depositor (or a Person disregarded as separate from the Depositor for U.S.
federal income tax purposes). No sale or transfer of a beneficial interest in a Class C Note shall be permitted (including, without limitation, by pledge or hypothecation) to a Person other than the Depositor (or a Person disregarded as
separate from the Depositor for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and such sale or transfer shall be void ab initio, unless (i) the Class C Note has been registered under the Securities Act or, as evidenced by an Opinion of
Counsel, such sale or transfer is otherwise exempt from the Securities Act, and (ii) at the time of such sale or transfer an Opinion of Counsel is provided to the effect that either (A) as of the date of such sale or transfer the
Class C Notes will be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or (B) such transfer will not cause the Issuer to be treated as an association (or a publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes and will not cause the Class C Notes to be subject to U.S. withholding tax. 

SECTION 2.5 Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. If (a) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, or the Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (b) there is delivered to the Trustee
such security or indemnity as may be required by it to hold the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Issuer, the Note Registrar or the Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a bona
fide purchaser, and provided that the requirements of Section 8-405 of the UCC are met, the Issuer shall execute and upon its request the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu
of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a replacement Note; provided, however, that if any such destroyed, lost or stolen Note, but not a mutilated Note, shall have become or within seven (7) days shall be due and payable,
or shall have been called for redemption, instead of issuing a replacement Note, the Issuer may direct the Trustee, in writing, to pay such destroyed, lost or stolen Note when so due or payable or upon the Redemption Date, without surrender thereof.
If, after the delivery of such replacement Note or payment of a destroyed, lost or stolen Note pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, a bona fide purchaser of the original Note in lieu of which such replacement Note was issued presents
for payment such original Note, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to recover such replacement Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking such replacement Note from such Person to whom such
replacement Note was delivered or any assignee of such Person, except a bona fide purchaser, and shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by the Issuer
or the Trustee in connection therewith. 

Upon the issuance of any replacement Note under this Section, the Issuer may require the payment
by the Holder of such Note of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other reasonable expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith. 

15 

Every replacement Note issued pursuant to this Section in replacement of any mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the
benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 

The provisions of this Section
are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes. 

SECTION 2.6 Persons Deemed Owner. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer, the Trustee, the
Trust Collateral Agent and any agent of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent may treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered (as of the Record Date) as the owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payments of
principal of and interest, if any on such Note and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent nor any agent of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Trust
Collateral Agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

SECTION 2.7 Payment of Principal and Interest; Defaulted
Interest. 

(a) The Notes shall accrue interest as provided in the forms of the
Class A-1 Note, the Class A-2-A Note, the
Class A-2-B Note, the Class A-3 Note, the Class A-4 Note, the Class B
Note and the Class C Note set forth in Exhibits A-1,A-2-A,A-2-B,A-3-1,A-3-2,A-4, B and C, respectively, and such interest shall be due and payable on each Distribution Date, as specified therein.
Any installment of interest or principal, if any, payable on any Note which is punctually paid or duly provided for by the Issuer on the applicable Distribution Date, shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note (or one or more Predecessor
Notes) is registered on the Record Date, by check mailed first-class, postage prepaid, to such Persons address as it appears on the Note Register on such Record Date, except that, unless Definitive Notes have been issued pursuant to
Section 2.12, with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payment will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the
account designated by such nominee and except for the final installment of principal payable with respect to such Note on a Distribution Date or on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date (and except for the Redemption Price for any Note called for
redemption pursuant to Section 10.1(a)) which shall be payable as provided below. The funds represented by any such checks returned undelivered shall be held in accordance with Section 3.3. 

(b) The principal of each Note shall be payable in installments on each Distribution Date as provided in the forms of the Class A-1 Note, the Class A-2-A, the
Class A-2-B Note, the Class A-3 Note, the Class A-4 Note, the Class B
Note and the Class C Note, set forth in Exhibits A-1,A-2-A,A-2-B,A-3-1,A-3-2,A-4, B and C, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due
and payable, if not previously paid, on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if the Trustee or the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in
Section 5.2. All principal payments on each class of Notes shall be made pro rata to the Noteholders of such class entitled thereto. Upon written notice from the Issuer, the Trustee shall notify the Person in whose name a Note is registered at
the close of business on the Record 

16 

Date preceding the Distribution Date on which the Issuer expects that the final installment of principal of and interest on such Note will be paid. Such notice shall be mailed or transmitted by
facsimile prior to such final Distribution Date and shall specify that such final installment will be payable only upon presentation and surrender of such Note and shall specify the place where such Note may be presented and surrendered for payment
of such installment. Notices in connection with redemptions of Notes shall be mailed to Noteholders as provided in Section 10.2. 

(c) If the Issuer defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, and such default is waived by the Controlling Party, acting at the
direction of the Majority Noteholders, the Issuer shall pay defaulted interest (plus interest on such defaulted interest to the extent lawful) at the applicable Interest Rate in any lawful manner. The Issuer may pay such defaulted interest to the
Persons who are Noteholders on the immediately following Distribution Date, and, if such amount is not paid on such following Distribution Date, then on a subsequent special record date, which date shall be at least five (5) Business Days prior
to the payment date. The Issuer shall fix or cause to be fixed any such special record date and payment date, and, at least fifteen (15) days before any such special record date, the Issuer shall mail to each Noteholder and the Trustee a notice
that states the special record date, the payment date and the amount of defaulted interest to be paid. 

SECTION
2.8 Cancellation. All Notes surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or redemption shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly canceled by the Trustee.
The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly canceled by the
Trustee. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes canceled as provided in this Section, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All canceled Notes may be held or disposed of by the Trustee in accordance with
its standard retention or disposal policy as in effect at the time unless the Issuer shall timely direct by an Issuer Order that they be destroyed or returned to it; provided that such Issuer Order is timely and the Notes have not been previously
disposed of by the Trustee. 

SECTION 2.9 Release of Collateral. The Trust Collateral Agent shall, on the earlier of
(a) the Termination Date or (b) the Redemption Date (if the Notes are redeemed in full on such date), in either case, so long as any amounts due to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid in
full, execute such documents as are reasonably provided to it by the Seller (which documents shall be prepared at the Sellers expense) in order to release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate from the lien created by this Indenture and
deposit in the Collection Account any funds then on deposit in any other Trust Account. 

SECTION 2.10 Book-Entry Notes. The
Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes, upon original issuance, will be issued in the form of typewritten Notes representing the Book Entry Notes, to be delivered to The Depository Trust Company, the initial Clearing Agency,
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer. Such Notes shall initially be registered on the Note Register in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of the initial Clearing Agency, and no Note Owner will receive a Definitive Note representing such Note
Owners interest in such Note, except as provided in Section 2.12. Unless and until definitive, fully registered Notes (the Definitive Notes) have been issued to Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.12: 

17 

(a) the provisions of this Section shall be in full force and effect; 

(b) the Note Registrar and the Trustee shall be entitled to deal with the Clearing Agency for all purposes of this Indenture (including
the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes and the giving of instructions or directions hereunder) as the sole Holder of the Notes, and shall have no obligation to the Note Owners; 

(c) to the extent that the provisions of this Section conflict with any other provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this
Section shall control; 

(d) the rights of Note Owners shall be exercised only through the Clearing Agency and shall be limited to
those established by law and agreements between such Note Owners and the Clearing Agency and/or the Clearing Agency Participants. Unless and until Definitive Notes are issued pursuant to Section 2.12, the initial Clearing Agency will make
book-entry transfers among the Clearing Agency Participants and receive and transmit payments of principal of and interest on the Notes to such Clearing Agency Participants; 

(e) whenever this Indenture requires or permits actions to be taken based upon instructions or directions of Noteholders evidencing a
specified percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, the Clearing Agency shall be deemed to represent such percentage only to the extent that it has received instructions to such effect from Note Owners and/or Clearing Agency Participants
owning or representing, respectively, such required percentage of the beneficial interest in the Notes and has delivered such instructions to the Trustee; and 

(f) Note Owners may receive copies of any reports sent to Noteholders pursuant to this Indenture, upon written request, together with a
certification that they are Note Owners and payment of reproduction and postage expenses associated with the distribution of such reports, from the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office. 

SECTION 2.11 Notices to Clearing Agency. Whenever a notice or other communication to the Noteholders is required under this
Indenture, unless and until Definitive Notes shall have been issued to Note Owners pursuant to Section 2.12, the Trustee shall give all such notices and communications specified herein to be given to the Noteholders to the Clearing Agency, and
shall have no obligation to the Note Owners. 

18 

SECTION 2.12 Definitive Notes. If (a) the Servicer advises the Trustee in
writing that the Clearing Agency is no longer willing or able to properly discharge its responsibilities with respect to the Notes representing the Book Entry Notes, and the Servicer is unable to locate a qualified successor or (b) after the
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Majority Noteholders advise the Trustee through the Clearing Agency in writing that the continuation of a book-entry system through the Clearing Agency is no longer in the best interests of the Note Owners,
then the Clearing Agency shall notify all Note Owners and the Trustee of the occurrence of any such event and of the availability of Definitive Notes to Note Owners requesting the same. Upon surrender to the Trustee of the typewritten Note or Notes
representing the Book Entry Notes by the Clearing Agency, accompanied by registration instructions, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate the Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of the Clearing Agency.
Additionally, the Holder of a Class C Note who is not eligible to hold such Class C Note through the Clearing Agency may instruct the Trustee to issue a Definitive Note in accordance with Section 2.4 hereof. None of the Issuer, the
Note Registrar or the Trustee shall be liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions and may conclusively rely on, and shall be fully protected in relying on, such instructions. Upon the issuance of Definitive Notes, the Trustee and the
Trust Collateral Agent shall recognize the Holders of the Definitive Notes as Noteholders. 

ARTICLE III 

Covenants 

SECTION
3.1 Payment of Principal and Interest. The Issuer will duly and punctually pay the principal of and interest on the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Notes and this Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, the Issuer will
cause to be distributed all amounts on deposit in the Note Distribution Account on a Distribution Date deposited therein pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement (a) for the benefit of the
Class A-l Notes, to Class A-1 Noteholders, (b) for the benefit of the Class A-2 Notes, to Class A-2 Noteholders, (c) for the benefit of the Class A-3 Notes, to Class A-3 Noteholders, (d) for the
benefit of the Class A-4 Notes, to Class A-4 Noteholders, (e) for the benefit of the Class B Notes, to the Class B Noteholders and (f) for
the benefit of the Class C Notes, to the Class C Noteholders. Amounts properly withheld under the Code by any Person from a payment to any Noteholder of interest and/or principal shall be considered as having been paid by the Issuer to
such Noteholder for all purposes of this Indenture. 

SECTION 3.2 Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuer will maintain in
Jersey City, New Jersey, an office or agency where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and an office in New York, New York where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may
be served. The Issuer hereby initially appoints the Trustee to serve as its agent for the foregoing purposes. The Issuer will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and of any change in the location, of any such office or agency.
If at any time the Issuer shall fail to maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office, and the Issuer hereby
appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such surrenders, notices and demands. 

19 

SECTION 3.3 Money for Payments to be Held in Trust. On or before each
Distribution Date and Redemption Date, the Issuer shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Note Distribution Account from the Collection Account an aggregate sum sufficient to pay the amounts then becoming due under the Notes, such sum to be
held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto and (unless the Note Paying Agent is the Trustee) shall promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act. 

The Issuer will cause each Note Paying Agent other than the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an
instrument in which such Note Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee (and if the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent acts as Note Paying Agent, it hereby so agrees), subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Note Paying Agent will:

(a) hold all sums held by it for the payment of amounts due with respect to the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Persons
entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and pay such sums to such Persons as herein provided; 

(b) give the Trustee (unless it is the same entity) written notice of any default by the Issuer (or any other obligor upon the Notes) of
which it has actual knowledge in the making of any payment required to be made with respect to the Notes; 

(c) at any time during the
continuance of any such default, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust by such Note Paying Agent; 

(d) immediately resign as a Note Paying Agent and forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums held by it in trust for the payment of Notes if
at any time it ceases to meet the standards required to be met by a Note Paying Agent at the time of its appointment; and 

(e) comply
with all requirements of the Code with respect to the withholding from any payments made by it on any Notes of any applicable withholding taxes imposed thereon and with respect to any applicable reporting requirements in connection therewith. 

The Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, by Issuer
Order direct any Note Paying Agent to pay to the Trustee all sums held in trust by such Note Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which the sums were held by such Note Paying Agent; and upon such a
payment by any Note Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Note Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money. 

Subject to applicable laws with respect to the escheat of funds, any money held by the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or any Note Paying
Agent in trust for the payment of any amount due with respect to any Note and remaining unclaimed for two (2) years after such amount has become due and payable shall be discharged from such trust and be paid to the Issuer on Issuer Request and
shall be deposited by the Trustee in the Collection Account; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer),
and all liability of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or such Note Paying Agent with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease. The Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent shall adopt and employ, at the expense of the Issuer, any
reasonable means of notification of such repayment it chooses, if any (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such repayment to Holders whose Notes have been called but have not been surrendered for redemption or whose right to or interest
in moneys due and payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Trustee or of any Note Paying Agent, at the last address of record for each such Holder). 

20 

SECTION 3.4 Existence. Except as otherwise permitted by the provisions of
Section 3.10, the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a statutory trust under the laws of the State of Delaware (unless it becomes, or any successor Issuer hereunder is or becomes, organized under the laws of
any other State or of the United States of America, in which case the Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction) and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in
each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral and each other instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate. 

SECTION 3.5 Protection of Trust Estate. The Issuer intends the security interest Granted pursuant to this Indenture in favor of
the Issuer Secured Parties to be prior to all other liens in respect of the Trust Estate, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain and maintain, in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Issuer Secured Parties,
a first lien on and a first priority, perfected security interest in the Trust Estate. The Issuer will from time to time prepare (or shall cause to be prepared), execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing
statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance and other instruments, and will take such other action necessary or advisable to: 

(a) Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Trust Estate; 

(b) maintain or preserve the lien and security interest (and the priority thereof) in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Issuer Secured Parties created by this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof; 

(c) perfect,
publish notice of or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture; 

(d) enforce any of the Collateral;

(e) preserve and defend title to the Trust Estate and the rights of the Trust Collateral Agent in such Trust Estate against the
claims of all Persons and parties; and 

(f) pay all taxes or assessments levied or assessed upon the Trust Estate when due. 

If at the time the Servicer ceases to act as Servicer, in accordance with Section 9.2 or Section 8.6 of the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, no Person has accepted its appointment as successor Servicer, the Issuer hereby designates the Trust Collateral Agent its agent and attorney-in-fact to
execute any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument required by the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to this Section. 

21 

SECTION 3.6 Opinions as to Trust Estate. 

(a) On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent an Opinion of Counsel either stating
that, in the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the recording and filing of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto, and any other requisite documents, and with respect to the filing of any financing
statements and continuation statements, as are necessary to perfect and make effective the first priority lien and security interest in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Issuer Secured Parties, created by this Indenture and
reciting the details of such action, or stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, no such action is necessary to make such lien and security interest effective. 

(b) Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the beginning of each calendar year, beginning with the first calendar year beginning
more than six (6) months after the Closing Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent an Opinion of Counsel either stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to the
recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and with respect to the filing of any financing statements and continuation
statements as are necessary to maintain the lien and security interest created by this Indenture and reciting the details of such action or stating that in the opinion of such counsel no such action is necessary to maintain such lien and security
interest. Such Opinion of Counsel shall also describe the recording, filing, re-recording and refiling of this Indenture, any indentures supplemental hereto and any other requisite documents and the filing of
any financing statements and continuation statements that will, in the opinion of such counsel, be required to maintain the lien and perfected security interest of this Indenture until January 31 in the following calendar year. 

SECTION 3.7 Performance of Obligations; Servicing of Receivables. 

(a) The Issuer will not take any action and will use its best efforts not to permit any action to be taken by others that would release
any Person from any of such Persons material covenants or obligations under any instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair
the validity or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any bankruptcy or other court or as expressly provided in this Indenture, the Basic Documents or such other instrument or agreement. 

(b) The Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its duties under this Indenture, and any performance of such
duties by a Person identified to the Trustee in an Officers Certificate of the Issuer shall be deemed to be actions taken by the Issuer. Initially, the Issuer has contracted with the Servicer to assist the Issuer in performing its duties under
this Indenture. 

(c) The Issuer will punctually perform and observe all of its obligations and agreements contained in this
Indenture, the Basic Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate, including, but not limited to, preparing (or causing to prepared) and filing (or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation
statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement in accordance with and within the time periods provided for herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer shall not
waive, amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Basic Document or any provision thereof without the consent of the Trustee or the Majority Noteholders. 

22 

(d) If a Responsible Officer (as defined in the Trust Agreement) of the Owner Trustee
shall have actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee and the Rating Agencies thereof in accordance with Section 11.4, and shall
specify in such notice the action, if any, the Issuer is taking in respect of such default. If a Servicer Termination Event shall arise from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its duties or obligations under the Sale and Servicing
Agreement with respect to the Receivables, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to remedy such failure. 

(e) The Issuer agrees that it will not waive timely performance or observance by the Servicer, GM Financial or the Seller of their
respective duties under the Basic Documents if the effect thereof would adversely affect the Holders of the Notes. 

SECTION
3.8 Negative Covenants. So long as any Notes are Outstanding, the Issuer shall not: 

(a) except as expressly permitted
by this Indenture or the Basic Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included in the Trust Estate, unless directed to do so by the Controlling Party; 

(b) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than amounts
properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert any claim against any present or former Noteholder by reason of the payment of the taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust Estate; or 

(c) (i) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, or permit the lien in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent
created by this Indenture to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Notes under this Indenture except as may be expressly permitted
hereby, (ii) permit any lien, charge, excise, claim, security interest, mortgage or other encumbrance (other than the lien of this Indenture) to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Trust Estate or any part thereof
or any interest therein or the proceeds thereof (other than tax liens, mechanics liens and other liens that arise by operation of law, in each case on a Financed Vehicle and arising solely as a result of an action or omission of the related
Obligor), (iii) permit the lien of this Indenture not to constitute a valid first priority (other than with respect to any such tax, mechanics or other lien) security interest in the Trust Estate, or (iv) except as otherwise expressly
provided therein, amend, modify or fail to comply with the provisions of the Basic Documents without the prior written consent of the Controlling Party. 

SECTION 3.9 Annual Statement as to Compliance. An Authorized Officer of the Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, will deliver to
the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer (commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025), and otherwise in compliance with the requirements
of TIA Section 314(a)(4), an Officers Certificate stating, as to the Authorized Officer signing such Officers Certificate, that 

23 

(a) a review of the activities of the Issuer during such year and of performance under
this Indenture has been made under such Authorized Officers supervision; and 

(b) to the best of such Authorized Officers
knowledge, based on such review, the Issuer has complied with all conditions and covenants under this Indenture and the Basic Documents throughout such year, or, if there has been a default in the compliance of any such condition or covenant,
specifying each such default known to such Authorized Officer and the nature and status thereof. 

SECTION 3.10 Issuer May
Consolidate, Etc. Only on Certain Terms. 

(a) The Issuer shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person, unless:

(i) the Person (if other than the Issuer) formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger shall be a Person
organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, the due and punctual
payment of the principal of and interest on all Notes and the performance or observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, all as provided herein; 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing; 

(iii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction; 

(iv) the Issuer shall have received an Opinion of Counsel (and shall have delivered copies thereof to the Trustee) to the
effect that such transaction will not for federal income tax purposes cause the Issuer to be treated as an association (or publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation, create a reissuance of the Notes or cause the Notes that were
characterized as debt at the time of their issuance to fail to qualify as debt; 

(v) any action as is necessary to
maintain the lien and security interest created by this Indenture shall have been taken; 

(vi) the Issuer shall have
delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation or merger and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article III and that all conditions precedent herein provided for
relating to such transaction have been complied with (including any filing required by the Exchange Act); and 

(vii) the Issuer or the Person (if other than the Issuer) formed by or surviving such consolidation or merger has a net
worth, immediately after such consolidation or merger, that is (A) greater than zero and (B) not less than the net worth of the Issuer immediately prior to giving effect to such consolidation or merger. 

24 

(b) The Issuer shall not convey or transfer all or substantially all of its properties
or assets, including those included in the Trust Estate, to any Person, unless 

(i) the Person that acquires by
conveyance or transfer the properties and assets of the Issuer the conveyance or transfer of which is hereby restricted shall (A) be a United States citizen or a Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or
any State, (B) expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest on all Notes and the performance or
observance of every agreement and covenant of this Indenture and each of the Basic Documents on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, all as provided herein, (C) expressly agree by means of such supplemental indenture that all
right, title and interest so conveyed or transferred shall be subject and subordinate to the rights of Holders of the Notes, (D) unless otherwise provided in such supplemental indenture, expressly agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the Issuer against and from any loss, liability or expense arising under or related to this Indenture and the Notes and (E) expressly agree by means of such supplemental indenture that such Person (or if a group of Persons, then one specified
Person) shall prepare (or cause to be prepared) and make all filings with the Commission (and any other appropriate Person) required by the Exchange Act in connection with the Notes; 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing; 

(iii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction; 

(iv) the Issuer shall have received an Opinion of Counsel (and shall have delivered copies thereof to the Trustee) to the
effect that such transaction will not for federal income tax purposes, cause the Issuer to be treated as an association (or publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation, create a reissuance of the Notes or cause the Notes that were
characterized as debt at the time of their issuance to fail to qualify as debt; 

(v) any action as is necessary to
maintain the lien and security interest created by this Indenture shall have been taken; 

(vi) the Issuer shall have
delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such conveyance or transfer and such supplemental indenture comply with this Article III and that all conditions precedent herein provided for
relating to such transaction have been complied with (including any filing required by the Exchange Act); and 

(vii) the Issuer or the Person (if other than the Issuer) formed by or surviving such conveyance or transfer has a net
worth, immediately after such conveyance or transfer, that is (A) greater than zero and (B) not less than the net worth of the Issuer immediately prior to giving effect to such conveyance or transfer. 

25 

SECTION 3.11 Successor or Transferee. 

(a) Upon any consolidation or merger of the Issuer in accordance with Section 3.10(a), the Person formed by or surviving such
consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under this Indenture with the same effect as if such Person had been named as the Issuer herein. 

(b) Upon a conveyance or transfer of all the assets and properties of the Issuer pursuant to Section 3.10(b), GM Financial Consumer
Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 will be released from every covenant and agreement of this Indenture to be observed or performed on the part of the Issuer with respect to the Notes immediately upon the
delivery of written notice to the Trustee stating that GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 is to be so released. 

SECTION 3.12 No Other Business. The Issuer shall not engage in any business other than financing, purchasing, owning, selling and
managing the Receivables in the manner contemplated by this Indenture and the Basic Documents and activities incidental thereto. 

SECTION
3.13 No Borrowing. The Issuer shall not issue, incur, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable, directly or indirectly, for any Indebtedness except for (a) the Notes and (b) any other Indebtedness permitted by or arising
under the Basic Documents. The proceeds of the Notes shall be used exclusively to fund the Issuers purchase of the Receivables and the other assets specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to fund the Reserve Account and to pay the
Issuers organizational, transactional and start-up expenses. 

SECTION
3.14 Servicers Obligations. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer to comply with Sections 4.9, 4.10 and 4.11 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

SECTION 3.15 Guarantees, Loans, Advances and Other Liabilities. Except as contemplated by the Sale and Servicing Agreement or
this Indenture, the Issuer shall not make any loan or advance or credit to, or guarantee (directly or indirectly or by an instrument having the effect of assuring anothers payment or performance on any obligation or capability of so doing or
otherwise), endorse or otherwise become contingently liable, directly or indirectly, in connection with the obligations, stocks or dividends of, or own, purchase, repurchase or acquire (or agree contingently to do so) any stock, obligations, assets
or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any capital contribution to, any other Person. 

SECTION 3.16 Capital
Expenditures. The Issuer shall not make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) for capital assets (either realty or personalty). 

SECTION 3.17 Compliance with Laws. The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of all applicable laws, the non-compliance with which would, individually or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Notes, this Indenture or any Basic Document. 

26 

SECTION 3.18 Restricted Payments. The Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly,
(a) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to the Owner Trustee or any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with
respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer or to the Servicer, (b) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership or equity interest or security or (c) set aside or otherwise
segregate any amounts for any such purpose; provided, however, that the Issuer may make, or cause to be made, distributions to the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee and the Certificateholder as permitted by, and to the extent funds are
available for such purpose under, the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Trust Agreement. The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from the Collection Account except in accordance with this Indenture and the
Basic Documents. 

SECTION 3.19 Notice of Events of Default. The Issuer agrees to give the Trustee and the Rating Agencies
prompt written notice of each Event of Default hereunder and each Servicer Termination Event under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, of which an Authorized Officer of the Issuer has actual knowledge. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee
will have no liability with regard to any Authorized Officers failure to comply with this provision. 

SECTION 3.20 Further
Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, the Issuer will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purpose of this Indenture. 

SECTION 3.21 Amendments of Sale and Servicing Agreement and Trust Agreement. The Issuer shall not agree to any amendment to
Section 12.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 10.1 of the Trust Agreement to eliminate the requirements thereunder that the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes consent to amendments thereto as provided therein. 

SECTION 3.22 Income Tax Characterization. For purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other
income taxes, the Issuer will treat the Notes that are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than the Seller or its Affiliates as indebtedness. The Issuer hereby instructs the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent to treat the Notes as
indebtedness for all applicable tax reporting purposes, and each Noteholder (or beneficial Note Owner) shall be deemed, by virtue of acquisition of an interest in such Note, to have agreed to treat the Notes as indebtedness for all applicable tax
reporting purposes. 

ARTICLE IV 

Satisfaction and Discharge 

SECTION 4.1 Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. This Indenture shall cease to be of further effect with respect to the Notes
except as to (a) rights of registration of transfer and exchange, (b) substitution of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, (c) rights of Noteholders to receive payments of principal thereof and interest thereon,
(d) Sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.8, 3.10, 3.12, 3.13, 3.20, 3.21 and 3.22, (e) the rights and immunities of the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder (including, without limitation, the rights of the Trustee and the Trust Collateral
Agent under Section 6.7) and the obligations of the Trustee under Section 4.2 and (f) the rights of Noteholders as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the property so deposited with the Trustee payable to all or any of them, and the
Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, when 

27 

(i) either: 

(A) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (1) Notes that have been destroyed, lost or stolen
and that have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.5 and (2) Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuer and thereafter repaid to the Issuer or discharged
from such trust, as provided in Section 3.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or 

(B) all
Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation 

(1) have become due and payable, 

(2) will become due and payable at their respective Final Scheduled Distribution Dates within one (1) year, or 

(3) are to be called for redemption within one (1) year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the
giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer, 

and the Issuer, in the case of (B)(1),
(B)(2) or (B)(3) above, has irrevocably deposited or caused to be irrevocably deposited with the Trust Collateral Agent cash or direct obligations of or obligations guaranteed by the United States of America (which will mature prior to the date such
amounts are payable), in trust for such purpose, in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation when due to the Final Scheduled Distribution Date or
Redemption Date (if Notes shall have been called for redemption pursuant to Section 10.1(a)) as the case may be; 

(ii) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all amounts owed to the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, including
the Trustee Issuer Secured Obligations; and 

(iii) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee and the Trust Collateral
Agent an Officers Certificate, an Opinion of Counsel and if required by the TIA, the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent an Independent Certificate from a firm of certified public accountants, each meeting the applicable requirements of
Section 11.1(a) and each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with. If this Indenture has been satisfied and discharged in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4.1(i)(B) then such Opinion of Counsel shall also include an opinion that amounts deposited by the Issuer in accordance with Section 4.1(i)(B) would not be characterized as a voidable preference. 

SECTION 4.2 Application of Trust Money. All moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof shall be held
in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Notes, this Indenture and the Basic Documents, to the payment, either directly or through any Note Paying Agent, as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of the particular
Notes for the payment or redemption of which such moneys have been deposited with the Trustee, of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest; but such moneys need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent
required herein or in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or required by law. 

SECTION 4.3 Repayment of Moneys Held by Note Paying
Agent. In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture with respect to the Notes, all moneys then held by any Note Paying Agent other than the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent under the provisions of this Indenture with
respect to such Notes shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be paid to the Trustee to be held and applied according to Section 3.3 and thereupon such Note Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such moneys. 

28 

ARTICLE V 

Remedies 

SECTION
5.1 Events of Default. Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one (1) of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be
effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): 

(a) default in the payment of any interest when it becomes due and payable on the Controlling Class, and such default, in each case,
shall continue for a period of five (5) Business Days; or 

(b) default in the payment of the Outstanding Amount of any Note on
the applicable Final Scheduled Distribution Date; or 

(c) failure to observe or perform any covenant or agreement of the Issuer made
in this Indenture (other than a covenant or agreement, the failure to observe or perform for which is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with), which failure materially and adversely affects the rights of the Noteholders, or any
representation or warranty of the Issuer made in this Indenture, in any Basic Document or in any certificate or any other writing delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith proves to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the
time when the same shall have been made, and such failure to observe or perform shall continue or not be cured, or the circumstance or condition in respect of which such misrepresentation or warranty was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or
otherwise cured, for a period of sixty (60) days after there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Trustee or to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% of the Outstanding Amount of the
Notes, a written notice specifying such failure to observe or perform any covenant or agreement or incorrect representation or warranty and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a Notice of Default hereunder;
or 

(d) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to the Issuer. 

provided, however, that if any event described in clauses (a), (b) or (c) above shall have been caused solely by a Force Majeure
Event (as certified to in an Officers Certificate of the Issuer), then the applicable cure period referred to in such clause shall be extended for an additional (10) days; provided, further, that if there is no cure period, then such
cure period shall be ten (10) days. 

29 

The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, within five (5) days after the occurrence
thereof, written notice in the form of an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice and the lapse of time would become an Event of Default under clause (c), its status and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to
take with respect thereto. 

SECTION 5.2 Rights Upon Event of Default. 

(a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Trustee in its discretion may, or if so requested in writing by the
Majority Noteholders shall, declare by written notice to the Issuer that the Notes become, whereupon they shall become, immediately due and payable at par, together with accrued interest thereon. 

(b) At any time after such declaration of acceleration of maturity has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money
due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the Majority Noteholders, by written notice to the Issuer and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if: 

(i) the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay: 

(A) all payments of principal of and interest on all Notes and all other amounts that would then be due hereunder or upon
such Notes if the Event of Default giving rise to such acceleration had not occurred; 

(B) all sums paid or advanced
by the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements, advances and indemnities of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and their respective agents and counsel; and 

(C) all other outstanding fees and expenses of the Issuer; and 

(ii) all Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Notes that has become due solely by such
acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13. 

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or
impair any right consequent thereto. 

SECTION 5.3 Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee. 

(a) The Issuer covenants that if (i) a default is made in the payment of any interest on any Note when the same becomes due and
payable, and such default continues for a period of five (5) days, or (ii) a default is made in the payment of the principal of or any installment of the principal of any Note when the same becomes due and payable, the Issuer will pay to
the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on such Notes for principal and interest, with interest upon the overdue principal, and, to the extent payment at

30 

such rate of interest shall be legally enforceable, upon overdue installments of interest, at the applicable Interest Rate and in addition thereto such further amount as shall be sufficient to
cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements, advances and indemnities of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and their respective agents and counsel. 

(b) Each Issuer Secured Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally appoints the Controlling Party as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of such Issuer Secured Party for so long as such Issuer Secured Party is not the Controlling Party, with full power of substitution, to execute, acknowledge
and deliver any notice, document, certificate, paper, pleading or instrument and to do in the name of the Controlling Party as well as in the name, place and stead of such Issuer Secured Party such acts, things and deeds for or on behalf of and in
the name of such Issuer Secured Party under this Indenture (including specifically under Section 5.4) and under the Basic Documents which such Issuer Secured Party could or might do or which may be necessary, desirable or convenient in such
Controlling Partys sole discretion to effect the purposes contemplated hereunder and under the Basic Documents and, without limitation, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, exercise full right, power and authority to take, or defer
from taking, any and all acts with respect to the administration, maintenance or disposition of the Trust Estate. 

(c) If an Event of
Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion, as more particularly provided in Section 5.4, and shall, at the direction of the Majority Noteholders, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the
Noteholders by such appropriate Proceedings as the Trustee or the Trustee at the direction of such Majority Noteholders shall deem most effective to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or
agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture (including, without limitation, Sections 5.4(a), 5.12, 5.13 and
5.17), if the Issuer fails to perform its obligations under Section 10.1(b) hereof when and as due, the Trustee shall, at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders, proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the
Noteholders by such appropriate Proceedings as the Trustee or the Majority Noteholders, shall deem most effective to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for specific performance of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of
the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy or legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law. 

(e) In case there shall be pending, relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Notes or any Person having or claiming an
ownership interest in the Trust Estate, proceedings under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or
reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its property or such other obligor or Person, or in case of any other comparable Proceedings relative to the Issuer or
other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Issuer or such other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of any Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and
irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise: 

31 

(i) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of
principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Trustee
and each predecessor Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, except as a result of negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct) and of the Noteholders allowed in such Proceedings; 

(ii) unless prohibited by
applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Noteholders in any election of a trustee, a standby trustee or Person performing similar functions in any such Proceedings; 

(iii) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute all
amounts received with respect to the claims of the Noteholders and of the Trustee on their behalf; and 

(iv) to file
such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee or the Noteholders allowed in any Proceedings relative to the Issuer, its creditors and its property; 

and any trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official in any such Proceeding is hereby authorized by each of such
Noteholders to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to such Noteholders, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the
Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee except as a result of negligence or bad faith.

(f) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on
behalf of any Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Noteholder in any such Proceeding
except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person. 

(g) All rights of action and of
asserting claims under this Indenture or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or
Proceedings instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and
their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. 

32 

(h) In any Proceedings brought by the Trustee (and also any Proceedings involving the
interpretation of any provision of this Indenture), the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Noteholder a party to any such proceedings. 

SECTION 5.4 Remedies. 

(a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Trustee may, or at the direction of the Majority Noteholders shall,
do one or more of the following (subject to Section 5.5): 

(i) institute Proceedings in its own name and as
trustee of an express trust for the collection of all amounts then payable on the Notes or under this Indenture with respect thereto, whether by declaration or otherwise, enforce any judgment obtained, and collect from the Issuer and any other
obligor upon such moneys adjudged due; 

(ii) institute Proceedings from time to time for the complete or partial
foreclosure of this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate; 

(iii) exercise any remedies of a secured party under
the UCC and take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes; and 

(iv) direct the Trust Collateral Agent to sell the Trust Estate or any portion thereof or rights or interest therein, at
one (1) or more public or private sales called and conducted in any manner permitted by law; provided, however, that, the Trustee may not sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust Estate following an Event of Default unless: 

(A) such Event of Default is of the type described in Section 5.1(a) or (b), or 

(B) either: 

(1) the Holders of 100% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes consent thereto, or 

(2) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation distributable to the Noteholders are sufficient to discharge in full all
amounts then due and unpaid upon such Notes for principal and interest, or 

(3) the Trust Estate will not continue to
provide sufficient funds for the payment of principal of and interest on the Notes as they would have become due if the Notes had not been declared due and payable, and the Trustee provides prior written notice to the Issuer (who shall deliver such
notice to the Rating Agencies) and obtains the consent of Holders of 66-2/3% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes. 

33 

(b) In determining such sufficiency or insufficiency with respect to clauses
(2) and (3) above, the Trustee may, but need not, obtain and conclusively rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation (which expense shall be reimbursable pursuant to Section 5.6(a))
as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose. 

SECTION
5.5 Optional Preservation of the Receivables. If the Notes have been declared to be due and payable under Section 5.2 following an Event of Default and such declaration and its consequences have not been rescinded and annulled, the
Trustee may, but need not, elect to direct the Trust Collateral Agent to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. It is the desire of the parties hereto and the Noteholders that there be at all times sufficient funds for the payment of principal of
and interest on the Notes, and the Trustee shall take such desire into account when determining whether or not to direct the Trust Collateral Agent to maintain possession of the Trust Estate. In determining whether to direct the Trust Collateral
Agent to maintain possession of the Trust Estate, the Trustee may, but need not, obtain and conclusively rely upon an opinion of an Independent investment banking or accounting firm of national reputation (which expense shall be reimbursable
pursuant to Section 5.6(a)) as to the feasibility of such proposed action and as to the sufficiency of the Trust Estate for such purpose. 

SECTION 5.6 Priorities. 

(a) Following (i) the acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Section 5.2, (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to
Sections 5.1(a), 5.1(b) or 5.1(d) of this Indenture or (iii) the receipt of Insolvency Proceeds pursuant to Section 10.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Available Funds, plus any amounts on deposit in the Reserve Account,
including any money or property collected pursuant to Section 5.4 of this Indenture and any such Insolvency Proceeds, shall be applied by the Trust Collateral Agent on the related Distribution Date in the following order of priority: 

FIRST: amounts due and owing and required to be distributed to the Servicer (provided there is no Servicer Termination Event),
the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, respectively, pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement and not previously distributed, ratably
and without preference or priority of any kind without regard to any caps set forth in clause (ii) of Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; 

SECOND: to the Class A Noteholders for amounts due and unpaid on the Class A Notes in respect of interest, ratably by
Outstanding Amount of such Class A Notes, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Class A Notes in respect of interest; 

THIRD: to Holders of the Class A Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Class A Notes in respect of principal,
first, to the Holders of the Class A-1 Notes, until the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1 Notes is reduced to zero, and second, ratably, without preference
or priority of any kind, according to Outstanding Amount, to the Holders of the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes, until the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes is reduced to zero; 

34 

FOURTH: to the Class B Noteholders for amounts due and unpaid on the
Class B Notes in respect of interest, according to the amounts due and payable on the Class B Notes in respect of interest; 

FIFTH: to Holders of the Class B Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Class B Notes in respect of principal, until
the Outstanding Amount of the Class B Notes is reduced to zero; 

SIXTH: to the Class C Noteholders for amounts
due and unpaid on the Class C Notes in respect of interest, according to the amounts due and payable on the Class C Notes in respect of interest; 

SEVENTH: to Holders of the Class C Notes for amounts due and unpaid on the Class C Notes in respect of principal,
until the Outstanding Amount of the Class C Notes is reduced to zero; and 

EIGHTH: to the Certificateholder. 

Following the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 5.1(c) (unless the Notes have been accelerated), payments on the
Notes shall be made in the order and priority set forth in Section 5.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(b) The Trustee may
fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Noteholders pursuant to this Section 5.6. At least fifteen (15) days before such record date the Issuer shall mail to each Noteholder and the Trustee a notice that states the record
date, the payment date and the amount to be paid. 

SECTION 5.7 Limitation of Suits. No Holder of any Note shall have any
right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: 

(a) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default; 

(b) the Holders of not less than 25% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes have made written request to the Trustee to institute such
Proceeding in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder; 

(c) such Holder or Holders have offered to the
Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in complying with such request; 

(d) the Trustee for sixty (60) days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute such
Proceedings; and 

35 

(e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee
during such sixty (60) day period by the Majority Noteholders; 

it being understood and intended that no one or more Noteholders
shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Noteholders or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other
Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided. 

SECTION 5.8 Unconditional Rights of
Noteholders To Receive Principal and Interest. Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Indenture, the Holder of any Note shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and interest, if any,
on such Note on or after the respective due dates thereof expressed in such Note or in this Indenture (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such right
shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder. 

SECTION 5.9 Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Controlling
Party or any Noteholder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Noteholder,
then and in every such case the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders shall, subject to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the
Trustee and the Noteholders shall continue as though no such Proceeding had been instituted. 

SECTION 5.10 Rights and Remedies
Cumulative. No right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Controlling Party or to the Noteholders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be
cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent
assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 

SECTION 5.11 Delay or Omission Not a Waiver. No delay or
omission of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Controlling Party or any Noteholder to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such
Default or Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article V or by law to the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Controlling Party or the Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as
may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Controlling Party or the Noteholders, as the case may be. 

SECTION 5.12 Control by Noteholders. The Majority Noteholders shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of
conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Trust Collateral Agent, as Controlling Party, or the Trustee, as applicable, with respect to the Notes or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Controlling Party or the Trustee, as
applicable; provided, that; 

36 

(a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this
Indenture; 

(b) subject to the express terms of Section 5.4, any direction to the Trustee to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate
shall be by the Noteholders representing not less than 100% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes; 

(c) if the conditions set forth
in Section 5.5 have been satisfied and the Trustee elects to retain the Trust Estate pursuant to such Section, then any direction to the Trustee by Noteholders representing less than 100% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes to sell or
liquidate the Trust Estate shall be of no force and effect; and 

(d) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the
Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction; 

provided, however, that, subject to Article VI, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Collateral
Agent need take any action that it determines might involve it in liability, financial or otherwise, without receiving indemnity satisfactory to it, or might materially adversely affect the rights of any Noteholders not consenting to such action.

SECTION 5.13 Waiver of Past Defaults. Prior to the declaration of the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes as provided
in Section 5.2, the Majority Noteholders may waive any past Default or Event of Default and its consequences except a Default (a) in payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes or (b) in respect of a covenant or provision
hereof which cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Note. In the case of any such waiver, the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder,
respectively; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

Upon any such
waiver, such Default shall cease to exist and be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured and not to have occurred, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no
such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

SECTION
5.14 Undertaking for Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by such Holders acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the
enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit,
and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses
made by such party litigant; but the provisions of this Section shall not apply to (a) any suit instituted by the Trustee, (b) any suit instituted by any Noteholder, or group of Noteholders, in each case holding in the aggregate more than
10% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes or (c) any suit instituted by any Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of principal of or interest on any Note on or after the respective due dates expressed in such Note and in this Indenture
(or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date). 

37 

SECTION 5.15 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws. The Issuer covenants (to the
extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead or in any manner whatsoever, claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that may
affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the
execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 

SECTION 5.16 Action on Notes. The Trustees right to seek and recover judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture shall
not be affected by the seeking, obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the lien of this Indenture nor any rights or remedies of the Trustee or the Noteholders shall be impaired by the recovery
of any judgment by the Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or upon any of the assets of the Issuer. 

SECTION 5.17 Performance and Enforcement of Certain Obligations. 

(a) Promptly following a request from the Trustee to do so and at the Servicers expense, the Issuer agrees to take all such lawful
action as the Trustee may request to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Seller and the Servicer, as applicable, of each of their obligations to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement in accordance
with the terms thereof, and to exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available to the Issuer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the extent and in the manner directed by the Trustee,
including the transmission of notices of default on the part of the Seller or the Servicer thereunder and the institution of legal or administrative actions or Proceedings to compel or secure performance by the Seller or the Servicer of each of
their obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(b) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Controlling
Party may, and, at the written direction of the Holders of 66-2/3% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes shall, subject to Article VI, exercise all rights, remedies, powers, privileges and claims of the
Issuer against the Seller or the Servicer under or in connection with the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including the right or power to take any action to compel or secure performance or observance by the Seller or the Servicer of each of their
obligations to the Issuer thereunder and to give any consent, request, notice, direction, approval, extension or waiver under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and any right of the Issuer to take such action shall be suspended. 

ARTICLE VI 

The Trustee and
the Trust Collateral Agent 

SECTION 6.1 Duties of Trustee. 

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this
Indenture and the Basic Documents to which it is a party and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs. 

38 

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(i) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture
and no implied duties, covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) in
the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the
requirements of this Indenture; however, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they conform on their face to the requirements of this Indenture. 

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful
misconduct, except that: 

(i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this Section; 

(ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer unless it is
proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

(iii) the Trustee shall not be liable
with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 5.12. 

(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.

(e) Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law or the terms of
this Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(f) No provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk
its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds to believe that repayment of such funds or indemnity
reasonably satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not assured to it. 

(g) Every provision of this Indenture relating to
the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 6.1 and to the provisions of the TIA. 

(h) The Trustee shall, and hereby agrees that it will, perform all of the obligations and duties required of it under the Sale and
Servicing Agreement. 

39 

(i) Without limiting the generality of this Section 6.1, the Trustee shall have
no duty (i) to see to any recording, filing or depositing of this Indenture or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement evidencing a security interest in the Financed Vehicles, or to see to the maintenance of any such
recording or filing or depositing or to any recording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof, (ii) to see to any insurance of the Financed Vehicles or Obligors or to effect or maintain any such insurance, (iii) to see to the payment or
discharge of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge or any Lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against any part of the Trust, (iv) to confirm or verify the contents of any reports or certificates
delivered to the Trustee pursuant to this Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement believed by the Trustee to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties, or (v) to inspect the Financed Vehicles at any
time or ascertain or inquire as to the performance of observance of any of the Issuers, the Sellers or the Servicers representations, warranties or covenants or the Servicers duties and obligations as Servicer and as
Custodian of the Receivable Files under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(j) In no event shall Citibank, N.A., in any of its
capacities hereunder, be deemed to have assumed any duties of the Owner Trustee under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act, common law, or the Trust Agreement or of the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement (unless it is acting as successor
Servicer thereunder or is recording, registering, filing, re-recording,re-filing, or re-registering any financing statement,
continuation statement or other instrument required by the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.5 hereof or is taking any action to perfect or re-perfect the security interests in the Financed
Vehicles pursuant to Section 4.5(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement). 

SECTION 6.2 Rights of Trustee. 

(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely on any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document and shall not be responsible for determining whether a document defect or breach of representation or warranty has occurred (including, whether such defect or breach
is material). 

(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers Certificate or an Opinion of
Counsel. The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. 

(c) The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents
or attorneys or a custodian or nominee, and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the supervision of, GM Financial, or any other such agent, attorney, custodian or nominee appointed with due
care by it hereunder. 

(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes
to be authorized or within its rights or powers; provided, however, that the Trustees conduct does not constitute willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith. 

(e) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and the advice or opinion of counsel with respect to legal matters relating to this Indenture
and the Notes shall be full and complete 

40 

authorization and protection from liability in respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(f) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to institute, conduct or defend any litigation under this Indenture or in relation to this
Indenture, at the request, order or direction of any of the Noteholders, pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Noteholders shall have offered to the Trustee reasonable security or indemnity against the costs, expenses and
liabilities that may be incurred therein or thereby (including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel); provided, however, that the Trustee shall, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (that has not been cured),
exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture with reasonable care and skill. 

(g) The Trustee shall not be bound to make
any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond or other paper or document, unless requested in writing to do so by the
Noteholders evidencing not less than 25% of the Outstanding Amount thereof; provided, however, that if the payment within a reasonable time to the Trustee of the costs, expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of such
investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not reasonably assured to the Trustee by the security afforded to it by the terms of this Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Trustee may require indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it
against such cost, expense or liability as a condition to so proceeding; the reasonable expense of every such examination shall be paid by the Person making such request, or, if paid by the Trustee, shall be reimbursed by the Person making such
request upon demand. 

(h) The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses on investments except for losses resulting from the failure of
the Trustee to make an investment in accordance with instructions given in accordance hereunder. 

(i) If the Trustee acts as the Note
Paying Agent or Note Registrar, the rights, privileges, immunities, benefits and protections afforded to the Trustee shall be afforded to the Note Paying Agent and Note Registrar as if they were expressly set forth herein for the benefit of the
Trustee in such capacity, mutatis mutandis. 

(j) The Trustee shall not (i) be required to take notice or be deemed to have notice or
knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notice or obtained actual knowledge thereof and (ii) have any duty to take any action to determine whether any such Default or
Event of Default has occurred. In the absence of receipt of such notice or actual knowledge, the Trustee may conclusively assume that there is no Default or Event of Default. 

(k) The Trustee shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting directly or indirectly from forces beyond its control
(including, without limitation, acts of God, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, severe weather, floods, nuclear or natural catastrophes, lockouts, riots, civil or military disturbances, acts of war or terrorism, any provision of any present or
future law or regulation or any act of any governmental authority, and any interruption, loss or malfunction of utilities, communications, computer services (software or hardware) or Federal Reserve Bank wire service) provided such default or delay
could not have been prevented by the taking of commercially reasonable precautions such as the implementation and execution of disaster recovery plans. 

41 

(l) Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the
Trustee be liable for special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), whether or not any such damages were foreseeable or contemplated, even if the Trustee
has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(m) No provision of this Indenture or any
Basic Document shall be deemed to impose any duty or obligation on the Trustee to take or omit to take any action, or suffer any action to be taken or omitted, in the performance of its duties or obligations under the Basic Documents, or to exercise
any right or power thereunder, to the extent that taking or omitting to take such action or suffering such action to be taken or omitted would violate applicable law binding upon it (which determination may be based on the advice or opinion of its
counsel). 

(n) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits provided to the Trustee hereunder (including but not limited
to its right to be indemnified) are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, both the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent in each of their capacities hereunder and to each of their officers, directors, and other Persons duly employed by the
Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent as if they were each expressly set forth herein for the benefit of the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent in each such capacity, their officers, their directors or their employees, mutatis mutandis. 

(o) The Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, Officers
Certificate, opinion of counsel, certificate of auditors or any other certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, direction, order, appraisal, bond or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to
have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties, and the Trustee need not investigate any statement, representation or warranty or any fact or matter stated in any such document and may conclusively rely as to the truth of the
statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein. 

(p) The right of the Trustee to perform any discretionary act
enumerated in this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty, and the Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith in the performance or omission of such act. 

(q) The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety. 

(r) In making or disposing of any investment permitted by this Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to deal with itself (in its individual
capacity) or with any one or more of its Affiliates, in each case on an arms-length basis and on standard market terms, whether it or such Affiliate is acting as a subagent of the Trustee or for any
third Person or dealing as principal for its own account. 

42 

(s) Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee shall not constitute
constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein (other than any written notices of an Event of Default delivered to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.2(j)),
including the Issuers or any other entitys compliance with any covenants under this Indenture, the Notes or any other related documents. The Trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, the
Issuers or any other entitys compliance with the covenants described herein or with respect to any reports or other documents filed under this Indenture, the Notes or any other related document. 

(t) The Trustee shall have the right to require that any directions, instructions or notices provided to it be signed by an Authorized Person
(as hereinafter defined), contain such evidence as may be reasonably requested by the Trustee to establish the identity and/or signatures thereon. The identity of such Authorized Persons, as well as their specimen signatures and title, shall be
delivered to the Trustee in the list of authorized signers and shall remain in effect until the applicable party, or an entity acting on its behalf, notifies the Trustee of any change thereto (the person(s) so designated from time to time, the
Authorized Persons). 

(u) To help the U.S. government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities,
federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each Person who opens an account. When an account is opened, the Trustee will ask for information that will allow the Trustee to identify
relevant parties. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge such information disclosure requirements and agree to comply with all such information disclosure requests from time to time from the Trustee. 

(v) For certain payments made pursuant to this Indenture, the Trustee may be required to make a reportable payment or
withholdable payment and in such cases the Trustee shall have the duty to act as a payor or withholding agent, respectively, that is responsible for any tax withholding and reporting required under Chapters 3, 4 and 61 of the Code. The
Trustee shall have the sole right to make the determination as to which payments are reportable payments or withholdable payments. All parties to this Indenture shall provide an executed IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8 (or, in each case, any successor form) to the Trustee prior to closing, and shall promptly update any such form to the extent such form becomes
obsolete or inaccurate in any respect. The Trustee shall have the right to request from any party to this Indenture, or any other Person entitled to payment hereunder, any additional forms, documentation or other information as may be reasonably
necessary for the Trustee to satisfy its reporting and withholding obligations under the Code. To the extent any such forms to be delivered under this Section 6.2(v) are not provided prior to or by the time the related payment is required to be
made or are determined by the Trustee to be incomplete and/or inaccurate in any respect, the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold on any such payments hereunder to the extent withholding is required under Chapters 3, 4 or 61 of the Code, and shall
have no obligation to gross up any such payment. 

SECTION 6.3 Individual Rights of Trustee. The Trustee in its individual or any
other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or its Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. Any Trust Collateral Agent, Note Paying Agent, Note Registrar, co-registrar or co-Note Paying Agent may do the same with like rights. However, the Trustee must comply with Sections 6.11 and 6.12. 

SECTION 6.4 Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be responsible for and makes no representation as to the validity or
adequacy of this Indenture, the Trust Estate or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the Notes, and it shall not be responsible for any statement of the Issuer in this Indenture or in any document
issued in connection with the sale of the Notes or in the Notes other than the Trustees certificate of authentication. 

43 

SECTION 6.5 Notice of Defaults. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing and
if it is either known by, or written notice of the existence thereof has been delivered to, a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall mail to each Noteholder notice of the Default within ninety (90) days after such knowledge or
notice occurs. Except in the case of a Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Note (including payments pursuant to the mandatory redemption provisions of such Note), the Trustee may withhold the notice to the Noteholder if and so long
as it in good faith determines that withholding the notice is in the interests of Noteholders. 

SECTION 6.6 Reports by Trustee to
Holders. At the end of each calendar year, the Trustee shall deliver to each Person who at any time during the calendar year was a Noteholder that requests it in writing, a statement as to the aggregate amounts of interest and principal paid to
the Noteholder to the extent required by the Code, and any other information as may be reasonably required to enable such Holder to prepare its federal and State income tax returns. 

SECTION 6.7 Compensation and Indemnity. 

(a) Pursuant to Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.6(a) of this Indenture, as applicable, the Issuer
shall, or shall cause the Servicer to, pay to the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent from time to time compensation for its services. The Trustees compensation shall not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express
trust. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer to reimburse the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent (subject to any applicable caps) for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred or made by it, including costs of collection, in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable compensation and expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustees and the Trust
Collateral Agents agents, counsel, accountants and experts. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer to indemnify the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents against any and all loss,
liability or expense (including attorneys fees and expenses, and court costs) incurred by each of them in connection with the acceptance or the administration of the Trust and the performance of its duties under the Basic Documents (including
any expenses and costs (including attorneys fees and expenses and court costs) incurred in connection with any action or suit brought by the Trustee or Trust Collateral Agent to enforce any indemnification or other obligation of the Issuer or
Servicer). The Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly of any claim for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent to so notify the Issuer and the Servicer shall
not relieve the Issuer of its obligations hereunder or the Servicer of its obligations under Article XI of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The Issuer shall cause the Servicer to defend the claim, and the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent may
have separate counsel and the Issuer shall cause the Servicer to pay the fees and expenses of such counsel. Neither the Issuer nor the Servicer need to reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee
or the Trust Collateral Agent through the Trustees or the Trust Collateral Agents own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith. 

44 

(b) The Issuers payment obligations to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent
pursuant to this Section shall survive the discharge of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent. When the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent incurs expenses after the occurrence of a
Default specified in Section 5.1(d) with respect to the Issuer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar law. Notwithstanding anything else set forth in this Indenture or the Basic Documents, the Trustee agrees that the obligations of the Issuer (but not the Servicer) to the Trustee hereunder and under the Basic Documents shall be recourse to
the Trust Estate only and specifically shall not be recourse to the assets of the Certificateholder or any Noteholder. In addition, the Trustee agrees that its recourse to the Issuer, the Trust Estate and the Seller shall be limited to the right to
receive the distributions referred to in Section 5.7(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.6(a) of this Indenture, as applicable. 

SECTION 6.8 Replacement of Trustee. The Trustee may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuer. The Issuer may and shall, remove the
Trustee, if: 

(a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11; 

(b) a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of the Trustee in an involuntary case or proceeding under federal or State banking
or bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, shall have entered a decree or order granting relief or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
custodian, trustee, conservator, sequestrator (or similar official) for the Trustee or for any substantial part of the Trustees property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the Trustees
affairs; 

(c) an involuntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter in effect, or another present or future federal
or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law is commenced with respect to the Trustee and such case is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; 

(d) the Trustee commences a voluntary case under any federal or State banking or bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any
other applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or consents to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, conservator, sequestrator (or other similar official) for
the Trustee or for any substantial part of the Trustees property, or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors or fails generally to pay its debts as such debts become due or takes any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or

(e) the Trustee otherwise becomes incapable of acting. 

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason (the Trustee in such event being referred
to herein as the retiring Trustee), the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee. 

A successor Trustee shall deliver a written
acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and the Issuer. Thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Trustee
under this Indenture subject to satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition. The successor Trustee shall mail a notice of its succession to the Noteholders. The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the
successor Trustee. 

45 

If a successor Trustee does not take office within sixty (60) days after the retiring
Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee, the Issuer or the Majority Noteholders may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

If the Trustee fails to comply with Section 6.11, any Noteholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the
Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee
pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section shall not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee pursuant to Section 6.8, the appointment of a successor Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 6.17
and payment of all fees, expenses and indemnities owed to the outgoing Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent. 

Notwithstanding the
replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section, the Issuers and the Servicers obligations under Section 6.7 shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. 

The Issuer shall pay any costs and expenses associated with the replacement of the Trustee. To the extent the Issuer fails to pay such costs
and expenses on or before the Distribution Date following the replacement of the Trustee, the Depositor shall pay such amount then outstanding. 

SECTION 6.9 Successor Trustee by Merger. If the Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially
all its corporate trust business or assets to, another corporation or banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation or banking association, without any further act shall be the successor Trustee. The Trustee shall provide
prior written notice of any such transaction to the Issuer (who shall deliver such notice to the Rating Agencies). 

In case at the time
such successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt
the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in
the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the
Trustee shall have. 

SECTION 6.10 Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee. 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirement of any jurisdiction
in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, the Trustee shall have the power and may execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons to act as a co-trustee or co-trustees, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person or Persons, in such capacity and for the benefit of the Noteholders, such title to the Trust
Estate, or any part hereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. No co-trustee or
separate trustee hereunder shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee under Section 6.11 and no notice to Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate
trustee shall be required under Section 6.8 hereof. 

46 

(b) Every separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to
the extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions: 

(i) all rights,
powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon the Trustee shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being
understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any
particular act or acts are to be performed the Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Trust Estate or any portion
thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the Trustee; 

(ii) no trustee hereunder shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee hereunder, including
acts or omissions of predecessor or successor trustees; and 

(iii) the Trustee may at any time accept the resignation of or
remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

(c) Any notice, request or other writing given to the
Trustee shall be deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Indenture and the conditions of this Article VI. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be
vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Indenture, specifically including every provision of
this Indenture relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee. Every such instrument shall be filed with the Trustee. 

(d) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time constitute the Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Indenture on its behalf and in its name.
If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, dissolve, become insolvent, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall invest in and be
exercised by the Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee. 

(e) Any and all amounts
relating to the fees and expenses of the co-trustee or separate trustee will be borne by the Trust Estate. 

47 

SECTION 6.11 Eligibility: Disqualification. The Trustee shall at all times satisfy
the requirements of TIA 310(a). The Trustee shall have a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition and it shall have a long-term debt rating of BBB-, or an equivalent rating, or better by the Rating Agencies. The Trustee shall comply with TIA 310(b), including the optional provision permitted by the second sentence of TIA 310(b)(9); provided,
however, that there shall be excluded from the operation of TIA 310(b)(1) any indenture or indentures under which other securities of the Issuer are outstanding if the requirements for such exclusion set forth in TIA 310(b)(1) are met.

Within ninety (90) days after ascertaining the occurrence of an Event of Default which shall not have been cured or waived, unless
authorized by the Commission, the Trustee shall resign with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and/or the Class C Notes in accordance with Section 6.8 of this Indenture, and the Issuer shall appoint a successor
Trustee for each of such Classes, as applicable, so that there will be separate Trustees for the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes. In the event the Trustee fails to comply with the terms of the preceding
sentence, the Trustee shall comply with clauses (ii) and (iii) of TIA 310(b). 

In the case of the appointment hereunder of a
successor Trustee with respect to any Class of Notes pursuant to this Section 6.11, the Issuer, the retiring Trustee and the successor Trustee with respect to such Class of Notes shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental
hereto wherein each successor Trustee shall accept such appointment and which (i) shall contain such provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, the successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts
and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Notes of the Class to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (ii) if the retiring Trustee is not retiring with respect to all Classes of Notes, shall contain such
provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Notes of each Class as to which the retiring Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be
vested in the Trustee and (iii) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one (1) Trustee, it being understood
that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be a trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder separate and
apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee; and upon the removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided herein. 

SECTION 6.12 Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuer. The Trustee shall comply with TIA 311(a), excluding any creditor
relationship listed in TIA 311(b). A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to TIA 311(a). 

SECTION 6.13
Appointment and Powers. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each of the Issuer Secured Parties hereby appoints Citibank, N.A. as the Trust Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral, and Citibank, N.A. hereby accepts such
appointment and agrees to act as Trust Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral for the Issuer Secured Parties, to maintain custody and possession of such Collateral (except as otherwise provided hereunder) and to perform the other duties of
the Trust Collateral Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Basic Documents. Each Issuer Secured Party hereby authorizes the Trust Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf, and to exercise such rights, remedies,
powers 

48 

and privileges hereunder, as the Trustee may direct and as are specifically authorized to be exercised by the Trust Collateral Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions, rights,
remedies, powers and privileges as are reasonably incidental thereto, including, but not limited to, the execution of any powers of attorney. The Trust Collateral Agent shall act upon and in compliance with the written instructions of the
Controlling Party delivered pursuant to this Indenture promptly following receipt of such written instructions; provided, that, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall act upon its own accord or in accordance with any
instructions (a) if such actions are not authorized by, or in violation of the provisions of, this Indenture, (b) if such actions are in violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation or (c) with respect to actions for which the
Trustee has been directed to act but for which the Trustee has not received indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. Receipt of such instructions shall not be a condition to the exercise by the Trust Collateral Agent of its express duties hereunder,
except where this Indenture provides that the Trust Collateral Agent is permitted to act only following and in accordance with such instructions. 

SECTION 6.14 Performance of Duties.

(a) Neither the Trust Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall have any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this
Indenture and the Basic Documents to which the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee is a party or as directed by the Controlling Party in accordance with this Indenture. Neither the Trust Collateral Agent nor the Trustee shall be required to take
any discretionary actions hereunder except at the written direction and with reasonable security and indemnity satisfactory to the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee, as applicable. The Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee shall, and hereby
agree that each will, subject to this Article VI, perform all of their respective duties and obligations required of it under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(b) Each of the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee hereby covenants that it will provide prompt written notice to the Seller and the
Servicer upon actual knowledge by a Responsible Officer of such Person of any instances of non-compliance by the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, with this Indenture or the Basic Documents
to which the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, is a party. 

SECTION 6.15 Limitation on Liability. None of the
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or any of their respective directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder, or in connection herewith, except that the Trustee and the Trust
Collateral Agent shall be liable for its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct; nor shall the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent be responsible for the validity, effectiveness, value, sufficiency or enforceability against the Issuer of
this Indenture or any of the Collateral (or any part thereof). Further, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall have any duty, responsibility or obligation to (or liability for failing to) monitor, supervise, confirm, verify, notify
regarding or otherwise enforce the requirements or commitments applicable to any Person arising under, related to or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Indenture. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Indenture, neither the
Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall incur any liability to the Issuer or the Issuer Secured Parties for any action taken or omitted by the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent in connection with the Collateral, except for the negligence,
bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee or 

49 

the Trust Collateral Agent, and, further, neither the Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall incur any liability to the Issuer Secured Parties except for negligence, bad faith or willful
misconduct in carrying out its duties to the Issuer Secured Parties. The Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent shall be protected and shall incur no liability to any such party in relying upon the accuracy, acting in reliance upon the contents, and
assuming the genuineness of any notice, demand, certificate, signature, instrument or other document reasonably believed by the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent to be genuine and to have been duly executed by the appropriate signatory, and
(absent actual knowledge to the contrary by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent) neither the Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall be required to make any independent investigation with respect thereto. The
Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent shall at all times be free independently to establish to its reasonable satisfaction, but shall have no duty to independently verify, the existence or nonexistence of facts that are a condition to the exercise
or enforcement of any right or remedy hereunder or under any of the Basic Documents. The Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent may consult with counsel, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it hereunder in good
faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. Neither the Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall be under any obligation to exercise any of the remedial rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to follow any
direction from the Trustee (at the direction of the Noteholders) or risk its own funds or otherwise incur financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder unless it shall have received reasonable security or indemnity
satisfactory to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, as applicable, against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it. 

SECTION 6.16 Reliance Upon Documents. In the absence of negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on its part, the Trust Collateral
Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any communication, instrument, paper or other document reasonably believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons and shall have no liability in
acting, or omitting to act, where such action or omission to act is in reasonable reliance upon any statement or opinion contained in any such document or instrument. 

SECTION 6.17 Successor Trust Collateral Agent. 

(a) Merger. Any Person into which the Trust Collateral Agent may be converted or merged, or with which it may be consolidated, or to
which it may sell or transfer its trust business and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole, or any Person resulting from any such conversion, merger, consolidation, sale or transfer to which the Trust Collateral Agent is a party, shall
(provided it is otherwise qualified to serve as the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder) be and become a successor Trust Collateral Agent hereunder and be vested with all of the title to and interest in the Collateral and all of the trusts, powers,
discretions, immunities, privileges and other matters as was its predecessor without the execution or filing of any instrument or any further act, deed or conveyance on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, except to the extent, if any, that any such action is necessary to perfect, or continue the perfection of, the security interest of the Issuer Secured Parties in the Collateral; provided, that, any such successor shall
also be the successor Trustee under Section 6.9. 

50 

(b) Resignation. The Trust Collateral Agent and any successor Trust Collateral Agent
may resign at any time by so notifying the Issuer; provided, that, the Trust Collateral Agent shall not so resign unless it shall also resign as Trustee hereunder. 

(c) Removal. The Trust Collateral Agent shall automatically be removed at any time that the Trustee has resigned or has been removed in
accordance with Section 6.8; provided,however, if at any time the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee are separate entities, the Trust Collateral Agent may be removed by the Trustee at any time, with or without cause, by an
instrument or concurrent instruments in writing delivered to the Trust Collateral Agent, any other Issuer Secured Party and the Issuer. A temporary successor may be removed at any time to allow a successor Trust Collateral Agent to be appointed
pursuant to subsection (d) below. Any removal pursuant to the provisions of this subsection (c) shall take effect only upon the date which is the latest of (i) the effective date of the appointment of a successor Trust Collateral
Agent and the acceptance in writing by such successor Trust Collateral Agent of such appointment and of its obligation to perform its duties hereunder in accordance with the provisions hereof, and (ii) receipt by the Trustee of an Opinion of
Counsel to the effect described in Section 3.6. 

(d) Acceptance by Successor. The Issuer shall have the sole right to appoint
each successor Trust Collateral Agent. Every temporary or permanent successor Trust Collateral Agent appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to its predecessor and to the Trustee, each Issuer Secured Party and the Issuer an
instrument in writing accepting such appointment hereunder and the relevant predecessor shall execute, acknowledge and deliver such other documents and instruments as will effectuate the delivery of all Collateral to the successor Trust Collateral
Agent, whereupon such successor, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the estates, properties, rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor. Such predecessor shall, nevertheless, on the written
request of either Issuer Secured Party or the Issuer, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all the estates, properties, rights and powers of such predecessor hereunder. In the event that any instrument in writing from the
Issuer or an Issuer Secured Party is reasonably required by a successor Trust Collateral Agent to more fully and certainly vest in such successor the estates, properties, rights, powers, duties and obligations vested or intended to be vested
hereunder in the Trust Collateral Agent, any and all such written instruments shall, at the request of the temporary or permanent successor Trust Collateral Agent, be forthwith executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Trustee or the Issuer, as
the case may be. The designation of any successor Trust Collateral Agent and the instrument or instruments removing any Trust Collateral Agent and appointing a successor hereunder, together with all other instruments provided for herein, shall be
maintained with the records relating to the Collateral and, to the extent required by applicable law, filed or recorded by the successor Trust Collateral Agent in each place where such filing or recording is necessary to effect the transfer of the
Collateral to the successor Trust Collateral Agent or to protect or continue the perfection of the security interests Granted hereunder. 

SECTION 6.18 Compensation. The Trust Collateral Agent shall not be entitled to any compensation for the performance of its duties
hereunder other than the compensation it is entitled to receive in its capacity as Trustee. 

SECTION 6.19 Representations and
Warranties of the Trust Collateral Agent and the Issuer.

51 

(a) The Trust Collateral Agent represents and warrants to the Issuer and to each Issuer
Secured Party as follows: 

(i) Due Organization. The Trust Collateral Agent is a national banking association and is
duly authorized and licensed under applicable law to conduct its business as presently conducted. 

(ii) Corporate
Power. The Trust Collateral Agent has all requisite right, power and authority to execute and deliver this Indenture and to perform all of its duties as Trust Collateral Agent hereunder. 

(iii) Due Authorization. The execution and delivery by the Trust Collateral Agent of this Indenture and the Basic
Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by the Trust Collateral Agent of its duties hereunder and thereunder, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate proceedings and no further approvals or filings, including any
governmental approvals, are required for the valid execution and delivery by the Trust Collateral Agent, or the performance by the Trust Collateral Agent, of this Indenture and such Basic Documents. 

(iv) Valid and Binding Indenture. The Trust Collateral Agent has duly executed and delivered this Indenture and each
Basic Document to which it is a party, and each of this Indenture and each such Basic Document constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Trust Collateral Agent, enforceable against the Trust Collateral Agent in accordance with its
terms, except as (A) such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and similar laws relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) the availability of equitable remedies
may be limited by equitable principles of general applicability. 

(v) No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of
each Basic Document to which it is a party by the Trust Collateral Agent and the performance by the Trust Collateral Agent of its obligations thereunder, in its capacity as Trust Collateral Agent or otherwise, do not conflict with or result in any
violation of (A) any law or regulation of the United States of America governing the banking or trust powers of the Trust Collateral Agent or (B) the articles of incorporation and by-laws of the
Trust Collateral Agent. 

(vi) No Actions. To the best of the Trust Collateral Agents knowledge, there are no
actions, proceedings or investigations known to the Trust Collateral Agent, either pending or threatened in writing, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality which would, if adversely
determined, affect in any material respect the consummation, validity or enforceability against the Trust Collateral Agent, in its capacity as Trust Collateral Agent or otherwise, of any Basic Document. 

(b) The Issuer represents and warrants that the representations and warranties set forth on the attached Schedule of Representations with
respect to the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date, and as of the Closing Date, are true and correct. Such representations and warranties speak as of the execution and delivery of this Indenture and as of the Closing Date, but shall survive the pledge
of the Receivables to the Trust Collateral Agent and shall not be waived. 

52 

SECTION 6.20 Waiver of Setoffs. The Trust Collateral Agent hereby expressly waives
any and all rights of setoff that the Trust Collateral Agent may otherwise at any time have under applicable law with respect to any Trust Account and agrees that amounts in the Trust Accounts shall at all times be held and applied solely in
accordance with the provisions hereof and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

ARTICLE VII 

Noteholders Communications and Reports 

SECTION 7.1 Issuer to Furnish to Trustee Names and Addresses of Noteholders. The Issuer will furnish or cause to be furnished to the
Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent (a) not more than five (5) days after the earlier of (i) each Record Date and (ii) three (3) months after the last Record Date, a list, in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require, of
the names and addresses of the Holders as of such Record Date, (b) at such other times as the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent may request in writing, within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Issuer of any such request, a list of
similar form and content as of a date not more than ten (10) days prior to the time such list is furnished; provided, however, that so long as the Trustee is the Note Registrar, no such list shall be required to be furnished. The Trustee
and the Trust Collateral Agent shall each be fully protected and have no liability for relying on any such list furnished by the Issuer. 

SECTION 7.2 Preservation of Information; Communications to Noteholders. 

(a) The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the
most recent list furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 7.1 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in such
Section 7.1 upon receipt of a new list so furnished. 

(b) Noteholders may communicate pursuant to TIA 312(b) with other
Noteholders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Notes. 

(c) The Issuer, the Trustee and the Note Registrar
shall have the protection of TIA 312(c). 

(d) A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if
the Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may communicate with the Trustee and provide notices and make requests and demands and give directions to the Trustee through the procedures of the Clearing Agency and by notice to the Trustee. Any Note
Owner must provide a written certification stating that the Note Owner is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with supporting documentation such as a trade confirmation, an account statement, a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership
or another similar document evidencing ownership of a Note. The Trustee will not be required to take action in response to requests, demands or directions of a Noteholder or a Note Owner, other than requests, demands or directions relating to an
asset representations review demand pursuant to Section 7.2(f), unless the Noteholder or Note Owner has offered reasonable security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee to protect it against the costs and expenses that it may
incur in complying with the request, demand or direction. 

53 

(e) A Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if the
Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) that wishes to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the Basic Documents may send a request to the Issuer or the
Servicer, on behalf of the Issuer, to include information regarding the communication in a Form 10-D to be filed by the Issuer with the Commission. Each request must include (i) the name of the requesting
Noteholder or Note Owner, (ii) the method by which other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, may contact the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner and (iii) in the case of a Note Owner, a certification from that Person that it is a
Note Owner, together with at least one (1) form of documentation evidencing its ownership of a Note, including a trade confirmation, account statement, letter from a broker or dealer or similar document. A Noteholder or Note Owner, as
applicable, that delivers a request under this Section 7.2(e) will be deemed to have certified to the Issuer and the Servicer that its request to communicate with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, relates solely to a possible
exercise of rights under this Indenture or the Basic Documents, and will not be used for other purposes. The Issuer will promptly deliver any such request to the Servicer. On receipt of a request, the Servicer will include, or will cause the
Depositor (at the Servicers expense) to include, in the Form 10-D filed by the Issuer with the Commission for the Collection Period in which the request was received (A) a statement that the Issuer
has received a request from a Noteholder or Note Owner, as applicable, that is interested in communicating with other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about a possible exercise of rights under this Indenture or the Basic Documents,
(B) the name of the requesting Noteholder or Note Owner, (C) the date the request was received and (D) a description of the method by which the other Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, may contact the requesting Noteholder or
Note Owner. 

(f) If a Delinquency Trigger occurs, a Noteholder (if the Notes are represented by Definitive Notes) or a Note Owner (if the
Notes are represented by Book-Entry Notes) may make a demand on the Trustee to cause a vote of the Noteholders or Note Owners, as applicable, about whether to direct the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct an Asset Review of the Asset Review
Receivables under the Asset Representations Review Agreement. In the case of a Note Owner, each demand must be accompanied by a certification from that Person that it is a Note Owner, together with at least one (1) form of documentation
evidencing its ownership of a Note, including a trade confirmation, account statement, letter from a broker or dealer or similar document. If Noteholders and Note Owners, as applicable, of at least 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Notes
demand a vote within ninety (90) days of the filing of the Form 10-D reporting the occurrence of the Delinquency Trigger, the Trustee will promptly request such a vote of the Noteholders through the
Clearing Agency, which vote will remain open until the 150th day after the filing of the related Form 10-D. If (i) a voting quorum of Noteholders holding at least 5% of the aggregate Outstanding Amount
participate in the related vote and (ii) Noteholders of a majority of the Outstanding Amount of Notes that voted agree to an Asset Review, then the Trustee will send an Asset Review Notice to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer
to the notice addresses set forth in Section 12.3(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement directing the Asset Representations Reviewer to conduct the Asset Review. 

SECTION 7.3 Reports by Issuer. 

54 

(a) The Issuer shall: 

(i) file with the Trustee, within fifteen (15) days after the Issuer is required to file the same with the Commission,
copies of the annual reports and of the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such portions of any of the foregoing as the Commission may from time to time by rules and regulations prescribe) which the Issuer may be required to file
with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

(ii) file with the Trustee and the
Commission in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission such additional information, documents and reports with respect to compliance by the Issuer with the conditions and covenants of this Indenture as may
be required from time to time by such rules and regulations; and 

(iii) supply to the Trustee (and the Trustee shall
transmit by mail to all Noteholders described in TIA 313(c)) such summaries of any information, documents and reports required to be filed by the Issuer pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 7.3(a) as may be required by
rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the Commission. 

(b) Unless the Issuer otherwise determines, the fiscal year of the
Issuer shall end on December 31 of each year. 

SECTION 7.4 Reports by Trustee. 

(a) If required by TIA 313(a), within sixty (60) days after each May 31, beginning with May 31, 2025, the Trustee shall
mail to each Noteholder if required by TIA 313(c) a brief report dated as of such date that complies with TIA 313(a). The Trustee also shall comply with TIA 313(b). 

(b) A copy of each report at the time of its mailing to Noteholders shall be filed by the Trustee with the Commission and each stock exchange,
if any, on which the Notes are listed. The Issuer shall notify the Trustee if and when the Notes are listed on any stock exchange. 

SECTION 7.5 Review Reports. Upon the request of any Noteholder to the Trustee for a copy of any Review Report (as defined in the Asset
Representations Review Agreement), the Trustee shall promptly provide a copy of such Review Report to such Noteholder; provided, that, if the requesting Noteholder is not a Noteholder of record, such Noteholder must provide the Trustee
with a written certification stating that it is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with supporting documentation supporting that statement (which may include, but is not limited to, a trade confirmation, an account statement or a letter from a
broker or dealer verifying ownership) before the Trustee delivers such Review Report to such Noteholder; provided, further, that the Trustee shall provide the Servicer with notice of such request before delivering the related Review Report to the
requesting Noteholder and if such Review Report contains personally identifiable information regarding Obligors, and if the Servicer provides notice to the Trustee, then the Servicer may condition the Trustees delivery of that portion of the
Review Report to the requesting Noteholder on such Noteholders delivery to the Servicer of an agreement acknowledging that such Noteholder may use such information only for the limited purpose of assessing the nature of the related breaches of
representations and warranties and may not use that information for any other purpose. 

55 

ARTICLE VIII 

Accounts, Disbursements and Releases 

SECTION 8.1 Collection of Money. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Trustee may demand payment or delivery of, and
shall receive and collect, directly and without intervention or assistance of any fiscal agent or other intermediary, all money and other property payable to or receivable by the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture and the Sale and
Servicing Agreement. The Trustee shall apply all such money received by it, or cause the Trust Collateral Agent to apply all money received by it as provided in this Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Indenture or in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, if any default occurs in the making of any payment or performance under any agreement or instrument that is part of the Trust Estate, the Trustee may take such action as may be
appropriate to enforce such payment or performance, including the institution and prosecution of appropriate proceedings. Any such action shall be without prejudice to any right to claim a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture and any
right to proceed thereafter as provided in Article V. 

SECTION 8.2 Release of Trust Estate. 

(a) Subject to the payment of its fees and expenses and other amounts pursuant to Section 6.7, the Trust Collateral Agent may, and when
required by the provisions of this Indenture shall, execute instruments prepared by and at the expense of the Seller to release property from the lien of this Indenture, in a manner and under circumstances that are not inconsistent with the
provisions of this Indenture. No party relying upon an instrument executed by the Trust Collateral Agent as provided in this Article VIII shall be bound to ascertain the Trust Collateral Agents authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any
conditions precedent or see to the application of any moneys. 

(b) The Trust Collateral Agent shall, at such time as there are no Notes
Outstanding and all sums due the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid, execute such documents as are reasonably provided to it by the Seller (which documents shall be prepared at the Sellers
expense) in order to release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate that secured the Notes from the lien of this Indenture and release to the Issuer or any other Person entitled thereto any funds then on deposit in the Trust Accounts. 

SECTION 8.3 Opinion of Counsel. The Trust Collateral Agent shall receive at least seven (7) days notice when requested by
the Issuer to take any action pursuant to Section 8.2(a), accompanied by copies of any instruments involved, and the Trustee shall also require as a condition to such action, an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the
Trustee, stating the legal effect of any such action, outlining the steps required to complete the same, and concluding that all conditions precedent to the taking of such action have been complied with. Counsel rendering any such opinion may rely,
without independent investigation, on the accuracy and validity of any certificate or other instrument delivered to the Trustee in connection with any such action. 

56 

ARTICLE IX 

Supplemental Indentures 

SECTION 9.1 Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Noteholders. 

(a) Without the consent of the Majority Noteholders and with prior notice to the Rating Agencies by the Issuer, as evidenced to the Trustee,
the Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one (1) or more indentures supplemental hereto (which shall conform to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act as in force at
the date of the execution thereof), in form satisfactory to the Trustee, for any of the following purposes: 

(i) to correct
or amplify the description of any property at any time subject to the lien of this Indenture, or better to assure, convey and confirm unto the Trust Collateral Agent any property subject or required to be subjected to the lien of this Indenture, or
to subject to the lien of this Indenture additional property; 

(ii) to evidence the succession, in compliance with the
applicable provisions hereof, of another Person to the Issuer, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer herein and in the Notes contained; 

(iii) to add to the covenants of the Issuer, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, or to surrender any right or power
herein conferred upon the Issuer; 

(iv) to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Trust
Collateral Agent; 

(v) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein or in any supplemental
indenture which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or in any supplemental indenture or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture; provided
that such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Notes; 

(vi) to evidence and provide for
the acceptance of the appointment hereunder by a successor trustee with respect to the Notes and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than
one trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Article VI; or 

(vii) to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this
Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of this Indenture under the TIA or under any similar federal statute hereafter enacted and to add to this Indenture such other provisions as may be expressly required by the
TIA. 

57 

The Trustee is hereby authorized to join in the execution of any such supplemental indenture
and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained. 

(b) The Issuer and the Trustee, when
authorized by an Issuer Order, may, also without the consent of any of the Majority Noteholders but with prior notice to the Rating Agencies by the Issuer, as evidenced to the Trustee, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for
the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture; provided, however, that such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Noteholder. 

SECTION 9.2 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders. The Issuer and the Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, also
may, with prior notice to the Rating Agencies by the Issuer, and with the consent of the Majority Noteholders, by Act of such Holders delivered to the Issuer and the Trustee, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose
of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture; provided, however, that no such
supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby: 

(a) change the date of payment
of any installment of principal of or interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, the Interest Rate thereon or the Redemption Price with respect thereto, change the provision of this Indenture relating to the application of
collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, the Trust Estate to payment of principal of or interest on the Notes, or change any place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which, any Note or the interest thereon is payable; 

(b) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the provisions of this Indenture requiring the application of funds available
therefor, as provided in Article V, to the payment of any such amount due on the Notes on or after the respective due dates thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date); 

(c) reduce the percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, the consent of the Holders of which is required for any such supplemental
indenture, or the consent of the Holders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences provided for in this Indenture; 

(d) modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the definition of the term Outstanding or the term Majority
Noteholders; 

(e) reduce the percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes required to direct the Trustee to direct the Issuer
to sell or liquidate the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.4; 

(f) modify any provision of this Section except to increase any
percentage specified herein or to provide that certain additional provisions of this Indenture or the Basic Documents cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected thereby; 

58 

(g) modify any of the provisions of this Indenture in such manner as to affect the
calculation of the amount of any payment of interest or principal due on any Note on any Distribution Date (including, in all cases, the calculation of any of the individual components of such calculation) or to affect the rights of the Noteholders
to the benefit of any provisions for the mandatory redemption of the Notes contained herein; or 

(h) permit the creation of any lien
ranking prior to or on a parity with the lien of this Indenture with respect to any part of the Trust Estate or, except as otherwise permitted or contemplated herein or in any of the Basic Documents, terminate the lien of this Indenture on any
property at any time subject hereto or deprive the Holder of any Note of the security provided by the lien of this Indenture. 

The Trustee
may determine whether or not any Notes would be affected by any supplemental indenture and any such determination shall be conclusive upon the Holders of all Notes, whether theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder. The Trustee
shall not be liable for any such determination made in good faith. 

It shall not be necessary for any Act of Noteholders under this
Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof. 

Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Trustee of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section, the Trustee shall mail to
the Holders of the Notes to which such amendment or supplemental indenture relates a notice setting forth in general terms the substance of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Trustee to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall
not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture. 

SECTION 9.3 Execution of Supplemental
Indentures. In executing, or permitting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article IX or the amendments or modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee and the Trust
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to receive and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. The Trustee may, but shall not
be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties, liabilities or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 

SECTION 9.4 Effect of Supplemental Indenture. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions hereof, this
Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith with respect to the Notes affected thereby, and the respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties, liabilities and immunities under this Indenture of
the Trustee, the Issuer and the Holders of the Notes shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture
shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes. 

59 

SECTION 9.5 Conformity with Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment of this Indenture
and every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect so long as this Indenture shall then be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. 

SECTION 9.6 Reference in Notes to Supplemental Indentures. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental
indenture pursuant to this Article IX may, and if required by the Trustee shall, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes
so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes. 

ARTICLE X 

Redemption of Notes

SECTION 10.1 Redemption. 

(a) The Notes shall be redeemed in whole, but not in part, on any Distribution Date on which the Servicer or Seller exercises its option to
purchase the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 10.1(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, for a purchase price equal to the Redemption Price; provided, however, that no such redemption may be effected unless the Issuer has available
funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price on such Distribution Date. The Servicer or the Issuer shall furnish the Rating Agencies notice of such redemption. If the Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to this Section 10.1(a), the Servicer or
the Issuer shall furnish notice of such election to the Trustee not later than twenty-five (25) days prior to the Redemption Date and the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee in the Collection Account the amount required to be so deposited
pursuant to Section 10.1(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, whereupon all Outstanding Notes shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date subject to the furnishing of a notice complying with Section 10.2 to each Holder of Notes.

(b) In the event that the assets of the Trust are distributed pursuant to Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement, all amounts on deposit
in the Note Distribution Account shall be paid to the Noteholders up to the Outstanding Amount of the Notes and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon. If amounts are to be paid to Noteholders pursuant to this Section 10.1(b), the Servicer or
the Issuer shall, to the extent practicable, furnish notice of such event to the Trustee not later than forty-five (45) days prior to the Redemption Date whereupon all such amounts shall be payable on the Redemption Date. 

SECTION 10.2 Form of Redemption. 

(a) Notice of redemption under Section 10.1(a) shall be given by the Trustee by facsimile or by first-class mail, postage prepaid,
transmitted or mailed prior to the applicable Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes, as of the close of business on the Record Date preceding the applicable Redemption Date, at such Holders address appearing in the Note Register. 

All notices of redemption shall state: 

60 

(i) the Redemption Date; 

(ii) the Redemption Price; 

(iii) that the Record Date otherwise applicable to such Redemption Date is not applicable and that payments shall be made only
upon presentation and surrender of such Notes and the place where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price (which shall be the office or agency of the Issuer to be maintained as provided in Section 3.2); and 

(iv) that interest on the Notes shall cease to accrue on the Redemption Date. 

(b) Notice of redemption of the Notes shall be given by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer. Failure to give notice of
redemption, or any defect therein, to any Holder of any Note shall not impair or affect the validity of the redemption of any other Note. 

(c) Prior notice of redemption under Section 10.1(b) is not required to be given to the Noteholders. 

SECTION 10.3 Notes Payable on Redemption Date. The Notes to be redeemed shall, following notice of redemption, as required by
Section 10.2 (in the case of redemption pursuant to Section 10.1(a)), on the Redemption Date become due and payable at the Redemption Price and (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price) no interest shall
accrue on the Redemption Price for any period after the date to which accrued interest is calculated for purposes of calculating the Redemption Price. 

ARTICLE XI 

Miscellaneous

SECTION 11.1 Compliance Certificates and Opinions, etc. 

(a) Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent to take any action under any provision of this
Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, as the case may be, (1) an Officers Certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the Servicer stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for
in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with, (2) an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with and (3) (if required by the TIA) an
Independent Certificate from a firm of certified public accountants meeting the applicable requirements of this Section, except that, in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically
required by any provision of this Indenture, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished. 

Every certificate or opinion with
respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include: 

(i) a statement that each
signatory of such certificate or opinion has read or has caused to be read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto; 

61 

(ii) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or
investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based; 

(iii) a statement
that, in the opinion of each such signatory, such signatory has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such signatory to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with;
and 

(iv) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such signatory such condition or covenant has been complied
with. 

(b) 

(i) Prior to the deposit of any Collateral or other property or securities with the Trust Collateral Agent that is to be made
the basis for the release of any property or securities subject to the lien of this Indenture, the Issuer shall, in addition to any obligation imposed in Section 11.1(a) or elsewhere in this Indenture, furnish to the Trust Collateral Agent an
Officers Certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the Servicer certifying or stating the opinion of each Person signing such certificate as to the fair value (within ninety (90) days of such deposit) to the Issuer of the Collateral
or other property or securities to be so deposited. 

(ii) Whenever the Issuer is required to furnish to the Trust
Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of any signer thereof as to the matters described in clause (i) above, the Issuer shall also deliver to the Trust Collateral Agent an Independent Certificate as to
the same matters, if the fair value to the Issuer of the securities to be so deposited and of all other such securities made the basis of any such withdrawal or release since the commencement of the then-current fiscal year of the Issuer, as set
forth in the certificates delivered pursuant to clause (i) above and this clause (ii), is 10% or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, but such a certificate need not be furnished with respect to any securities so deposited, if the fair
value thereof to the Issuer as set forth in the related Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than 1% of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes. 

(iii) Other than with respect to the release of any Purchased Receivables, Sold Receivables or Liquidated Receivables, whenever
any property or securities are to be released from the lien of this Indenture, the Issuer shall also furnish to the Trust Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the Servicer certifying or stating the
opinion of each Person signing such certificate as to the fair value (within ninety (90) days of such release) of the property or securities proposed to be released and stating that in the opinion of such Person the proposed release will not
impair the security under this Indenture in contravention of the provisions hereof. 

62 

(iv) Whenever the Issuer is required to furnish to the Trustee an
Officers Certificate certifying or stating the opinion of any signer thereof as to the matters described in clause (iii) above, the Issuer shall also furnish to the Trust Collateral Agent an Independent Certificate as to the same matters
if the fair value of the property or securities and of all other property other than Purchased Receivables, Sold Receivables and Defaulted Receivables, or securities released from the lien of this Indenture since the commencement of the then current
calendar year, as set forth in the certificates required by clause (iii) above and this clause (iv), equals 10% or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, but such certificate need not be furnished in the case of any release of property or
securities if the fair value thereof as set forth in the related Officers Certificate is less than $25,000 or less than 1% of the then Outstanding Amount of the Notes. 

(v) Notwithstanding Section 2.9 or any other provision of this Section, the Issuer may (A) collect, liquidate, sell
or otherwise dispose of Receivables as and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents and (B) make cash payments out of the Trust Accounts as and to the extent permitted or required by the Basic Documents. 

SECTION 11.2 Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee. In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by
an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one (1) such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one (1) document, but one (1) such
Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one (1) or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one (1) or several documents. 

Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or
opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or opinion is
based are erroneous. Any such certificate of an Authorized Officer or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Servicer, the
Seller or the Issuer, stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Servicer, the Seller or the Issuer, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the
certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. 

Where any Person is required to make, give or
execute two (2) or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. 

Whenever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer shall
deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as evidence of the Issuers compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at the
effective date of such certificate or report (as the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the sufficiency of such
certificate or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be construed to affect the Trustees right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Article VI. 

63 

SECTION 11.3 Acts of Noteholders. 

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by
Noteholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholders in person or by agents duly appointed in writing; and except as herein otherwise expressly provided such action shall
become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes
referred to as the Act of the Noteholders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and
(subject to Section 6.1) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section. In the event the Trustee shall receive conflicting or inconsistent requests and indemnity from two (2) or more
groups of Noteholders, each representing less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes or the Majority Noteholders, the Trustee in its sole discretion may determine what action, if any, shall be taken, notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Indenture. 

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any
customary manner of the Trustee. 

(c) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register. 

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Notes shall bind the Holder of
every Note issued upon the registration thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made
upon such Note. 

SECTION 11.4 Notices, etc., to Trustee, Issuer and Rating Agencies. Any request, demand, authorization, direction,
notice, consent, waiver or Act of Noteholders or other documents provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to or filed with: 

(a) the Trustee by any Noteholder or by the Issuer shall be in writing, personally delivered, electronically delivered, mailed by certified
mail, return receipt requested, federal express or similar overnight courier service, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt to the Trustee at its applicable Corporate Trust Office, or 

(b) the Issuer by the Trustee or by any Noteholder shall be in writing, personally delivered, electronically delivered, mailed by certified
mail, return receipt requested, federal express or similar overnight courier service, and shall deemed to have been duly given upon receipt to the Issuer addressed to: GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust
2025-1, in care of Wilmington Trust Company, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001, Email: SF_GMF@wilmingtontrust.com, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration, with a
copy to GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, c/o GM Financial, 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, Attention: Robert Pigott, SVP Corporate Finance, Email:
Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com, or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly transmit any notice received by it from the Noteholders to the Trustee. 

64 

(c) Notices required to be given to the Rating Agencies shall be provided by the Issuer in
writing, personally delivered, electronically delivered, mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, federal express or similar overnight courier service, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt (i) in the case of
Moodys, at the following address: Moodys Investors Service, Inc., 7 World Trade Center at 250 Greenwich Street, Asset Finance Group, 24th Floor, New York, New York 10007; or (ii) in the case of Fitch, to Fitch Ratings, Inc., 33
Whitehall Street, New York, New York 10004, Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance. 

SECTION 11.5 Notices to Noteholders; Waiver.
Where this Indenture provides for notice to Noteholders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing (including communication by e-mail) and
mailed, first-class, postage prepaid or sent by e-mail to each Noteholder affected by such event, at such Noteholders address or e-mail address as it appears on
the Note Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any case where notice to Noteholders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice nor any defect in
any notice so mailed to any particular Noteholder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Noteholders, and any notice that is mailed in the manner herein provided shall conclusively be presumed to have been duly given. 

Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice,
either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Noteholders shall be filed with the Trustee but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in
reliance upon such a waiver. 

In case, by reason of the suspension of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or
similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to Noteholders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee
shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice. 

Where this Indenture provides for notice to the Rating Agencies, failure to
give such notice shall not affect any other rights or obligations created hereunder, and shall not under any circumstance constitute a Default or Event of Default. 

SECTION 11.6 [Reserved] 

SECTION 11.7 Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with another provision hereof
that is required to be included in this Indenture by any of the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall control. 

The provisions of TIA 310 through 317 that impose duties on any Person (including the provisions automatically deemed included
herein unless expressly excluded by this Indenture) are a part of and govern this Indenture, whether or not physically contained herein. 

65 

SECTION 11.8 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. The Article and Section
headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

SECTION 11.9
Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements in this Indenture and the Notes by the Issuer shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors.
All agreements of the Trust Collateral Agent in this Indenture shall bind its successors. 

SECTION 11.10 Separability. In case any
provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

SECTION 11.11 Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other
than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, the Noteholders, and any other party secured hereunder, and any other Person with an ownership interest in any part of the Trust Estate, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim under this Indenture. 

SECTION 11.12 Legal Holidays. In any case where the date on which any payment is due shall not be a
Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of the Notes or this Indenture) payment need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date on which
nominally due, and no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal date. 

SECTION 11.13 GOVERNING LAW. THIS
INDENTURE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THIS INDENTURE AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS INDENTURE SHALL BE, GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW
PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 

SECTION 11.14 Counterparts and Consent to do Business Electronically. This Indenture may be executed and delivered in multiple
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but together they shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and .pdf signatures shall be deemed valid and binding to the same extent as the original and the parties
affirmatively consent to the use thereof, with no such consent having been withdrawn. Each party agrees that this Indenture and any documents to be delivered in connection with this Indenture may be executed by means of an electronic signature that
complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, State enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent applicable. Any
electronic signatures appearing on this Indenture and such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and
shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

66 

SECTION 11.15 Recording of Indenture. If this Indenture is subject to recording in
any appropriate public recording offices, such recording is to be effected by the Issuer and at its expense accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel (which may be counsel to the Trustee or any other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee) to the
effect that such recording is necessary either for the protection of the Noteholders or any other Person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent under this Indenture. 

SECTION 11.16 Trust Obligation. No recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the
Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under this Indenture, any Basic Document or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against (a) the
Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director, employee
or agent of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent
or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid
consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity. 

SECTION 11.17 No
Petition. The Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, by entering into this Indenture, and each Noteholder, by accepting a Note, hereby covenant and agree that they will not at any time institute against the Seller, or the Issuer, or join in any
institution against the Seller, or the Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under any United States federal or State bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any
obligations relating to the Notes, this Indenture or any of the Basic Documents. 

SECTION 11.18 Inspection. The Issuer agrees that,
on reasonable prior notice, it will permit any representative of the Trustee, during the Issuers normal business hours, to examine all the books of account, records, reports, and other papers of the Issuer, to make copies and extracts
therefrom, to cause such books to be audited by independent certified public accountants, and to discuss the Issuers affairs, finances and accounts with the Issuers officers, employees, and independent certified public accountants, all
at such reasonable times and as often as may be reasonably requested. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit (a) disclosure of any and all information that is or becomes publicly known,
(b) disclosure of any and all information (i) if required to do so by any applicable statute, law, rule or regulation, (ii) to any government agency or regulatory body having or claiming authority to regulate or oversee any respects
of the Trustees business or that of its Affiliates, (iii) pursuant to any subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar demand or request of any court, regulatory authority, arbitrator or arbitration to which the Trustee or an affiliate
or an officer, director, employer or shareholder thereof is a party, (iv) in any preliminary or final offering circular, registration statement or contract or other document pertaining to the transactions contemplated by this Indenture approved
in advance by the Servicer or the Issuer or (v) to any independent or internal auditor, agent, employee or attorney of the Trustee having a need to know the same, provided that the Trustee advises such recipient of the confidential nature of
the information being disclosed, or (c) any other disclosure authorized by the Servicer or the Issuer. 

67 

SECTION 11.19 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action relating to this Indenture,
the Basic Documents or any other documents executed and delivered in connection herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the
courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof; 

(b) that any such
action may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of such action in any such court or that such action was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; and

(c) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Indenture, the Basic Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 11.20 No Partnership or Joint Venture.
Nothing herein contained shall constitute a partnership between or joint venture by the parties hereto or constitute either party the agent of the other. Neither party shall hold itself out contrary to the terms of this Section and neither party
shall become liable by any representation, act or omission of the other contrary to the provisions hereof. 

SECTION 11.21 Limitation of
Liability of the Owner Trustee. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (a) this Indenture is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee of the
Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under the Trust Agreement governing the organization and management of the Issuer, (b) each of the representations, covenants, undertakings and agreements herein
made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, covenants, undertakings and agreements by Wilmington Trust Company but is made and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (c) nothing herein
contained shall be construed as creating any liability on Wilmington Trust Company, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties
hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (d) Wilmington Trust Company has not verified or made any investigation as to the accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer in
this Indenture and (e) under no circumstances shall Wilmington Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary
duty, if any), representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Indenture or any other Basic Documents. 

68 

SECTION 11.22 Third Party Beneficiary. The Owner Trustee is an express third party
beneficiary of this Indenture. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

69 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Trustee have caused this Indenture to be duly
executed by their respective officers, hereunto duly authorized, all as of the day and year first above written. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A-1

REGISTERED $292,000,000

No. RB A-1 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AA4 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS A-1 4.395% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of TWO HUNDRED
NINETY-TWO MILLION DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $292,000,000 and the denominator of which is $292,000,000
times (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class A-1 Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided,
however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Distribution Date occurring on January 16, 2026 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay interest on this Note
at the rate per annum shown above on each Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution Date on which interest
has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days in
the related Interest Period. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The
principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note
shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below
by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

A-1-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class A-1
4.395% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-1 Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called
the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral
Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the
Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class A-1 Notes will be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of each month, or, if any such date is not a
Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term Distribution Date, shall be deemed to
include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and
payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if
any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be
immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-1 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-1
Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment
of principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on
each Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available
funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be
submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future

A-1-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-1 Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include
membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP,
all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note
Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or
(b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book
Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such
Similar Law). 

A-1-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

A-1-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein
shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

A-1-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 

1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-1-8 

EXHIBIT A-2-A

REGISTERED $340,070,000

No. RB A-2-A 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AB2 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS A-2-A
4.44% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory
trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of THREE HUNDRED
FORTY MILLION SEVENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $340,070,000 and the denominator of which is $340,070,000 times (ii) the
aggregate amount, if any, payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class A-2-A Notes pursuant to the
Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Distribution Date occurring on January 18, 2028 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay
interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution
Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below
by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-2-A-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

A-2-A-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-2-A Notes), all issued under an
Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes any
successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is
hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the
Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class A-2-A Notes will be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of
each month, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term
Distribution Date, shall be deemed to include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid
principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note
shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the
Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-2-A
Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-2-A Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent
not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with
respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by
such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any
reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future 

A-2-A-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-2-A Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include
membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP,
all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note
Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or
(b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book
Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such
Similar Law). 

A-2-A-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

A-2-A-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be
taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

A-2-A-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-2-A-8 

EXHIBIT A-2-B

REGISTERED $214,060,000

No. RB A-2-B 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AC0 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS A-2-B
FLOATING RATE ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a
statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of TWO
HUNDRED FOURTEEN MILLION SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $214,060,000 and the denominator of which is $214,060,000 times (ii) the
aggregate amount, if any, payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class A-2-B Notes pursuant to the
Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Distribution Date occurring on January 18, 2028 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay
interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution
Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the
actual number of days in the related Interest Period. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below
by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-2-B-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

A-2-B-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-2-B Notes), all issued under an
Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes any
successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is
hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the
Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class A-2-B Notes will be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of
each month, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term
Distribution Date, shall be deemed to include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid
principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note
shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the
Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-2-B
Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-2-B Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent
not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with
respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by
such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any
reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future 

A-2-B-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-2-B Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include
membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP,
all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note
Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or
(b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book
Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such
Similar Law). 

A-2-B-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

A-2-B-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be
taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

A-2-B-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-2-B-8 

EXHIBIT A-3-1

REGISTERED $500,000,000

No. RB A-3-1 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AD8 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS A-3 4.62% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS payable on
each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $500,000,000 and the denominator of which is $554,120,000 times (ii) the aggregate amount, if any, payable from the Note
Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class A-3 Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due
and payable on the Distribution Date occurring on December 17, 2029 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Distribution Date until the
principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, if no
interest has yet been paid, from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months. Such principal
of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are
payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and
payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this
Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the
certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for
any purpose. 

A-3-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

A-3-1-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class A-3
4.62% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-3 Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called
the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral
Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the
Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class A-3 Notes will be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of each month, or, if any such date is not a
Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term Distribution Date, shall be deemed to
include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and
payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if
any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be
immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-3 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-3
Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment
of principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on
each Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available
funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be
submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future

A-3-1-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-3 Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include
membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP,
all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note
Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or
(b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book
Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such
Similar Law). 

A-3-1-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

A-3-1-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be
taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

A-3-1-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-3-1-8 

EXHIBIT A-3-2

REGISTERED $54,120,000

No. RB A-3-2 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AD8 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS A-3 4.62% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of FIFTY-FOUR MILLION ONE HUNDRED TWENTY
THOUSAND DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $54,120,000 and the denominator of which is $554,120,000 times (ii) the aggregate amount, if any,
payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class A-3 Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of
this Note shall be due and payable on the Distribution Date occurring on December 17, 2029 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each
Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such
Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12)
30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below
by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-3-2-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

A-3-2-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class A-3
4.62% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-3 Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called
the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral
Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the
Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class A-3 Notes will be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of each month, or, if any such date is not a
Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term Distribution Date, shall be deemed to
include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and
payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if
any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be
immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-3 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-3
Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment
of principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on
each Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available
funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be
submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future

A-3-2-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-3 Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include
membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP,
all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note
Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or
(b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book
Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such
Similar Law). 

A-3-2-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

A-3-2-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be
taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

A-3-2-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and address of assignee) 

the within Note
and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-3-2-8 

EXHIBIT A-4

REGISTERED $99,930,000

No. RB A-4 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AE6 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS A-4 4.73% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of NINETY-NINE MILLION NINE HUNDRED THIRTY
THOUSAND DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $99,930,000 and the denominator of which is $99,930,000 times (ii) the aggregate amount, if any,
payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class A-4 Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of
this Note shall be due and payable on the Distribution Date occurring on August 16, 2030 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each
Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such
Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid, from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12)
30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set
forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below
by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-4-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

A-4-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class A-4
4.73% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the Class A-4 Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called
the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral
Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the
Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the
Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class A-4 Notes will be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of each month, or, if any such date is not a
Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term Distribution Date, shall be deemed to
include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and
payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if
any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be
immediately due and payable in the manner provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class A-4 Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class A-4
Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment
of principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on
each Record Date, except that with respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available
funds to the account designated by such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be
submitted for notation of payment. Any reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future

A-4-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class A-4 Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note
Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, (i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include
membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP,
all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the
designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note
Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or
(b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book
Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its
acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such
Similar Law). 

A-4-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

A-4-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be
taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

A-4-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

A-4-8 

EXHIBIT B 

REGISTERED $25,490,000

No. RB B 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AF3 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY
TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS B 5.00% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of TWENTY-FIVE MILLION FOUR HUNDRED NINETY
THOUSAND DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $25,490,000 and the denominator of which is $25,490,000 times (ii) the aggregate amount, if any,
payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class B Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the
Distribution Date occurring on August 16, 2030 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is
paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid,
from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Note
shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as
provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the
reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

B-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name:

Title:

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

B-3 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the
Class B Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee
(the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which
Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the
Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class B Notes will be
payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of each month, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing
February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term Distribution Date, shall be deemed to include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled
Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner
provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class B Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class B Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent
not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with
respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by
such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any
reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future 

B-4 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class B Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and
subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture,
(i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee
program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more
new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the
transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective
transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall
be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein
is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). 

B-5 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

B-6 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be
taken to prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

B-7 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 

NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 

B-8 

EXHIBIT C 

REGISTERED $23,890,000

No. RB C 

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

CUSIP NO. 362955AG1 

Unless this
Note is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation (DTC), to the Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or payment, and any Note issued is registered in
the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY
TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein. 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER THE
SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE IS DEEMED TO REPRESENT TO AFS SENSUB CORP. (THE SELLER) AND THE OWNER TRUSTEE
THAT IT (I) IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (A QIB) AND IS ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY
OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE QIBS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A OR (II) IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (AN
ACCREDITED INVESTOR) AND IS ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE ACCREDITED INVESTORS) OR (III) IS OTHERWISE ACQUIRING THIS
NOTE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE SECURITIES ACT. 

NO SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE MAY BE MADE BY ANY PERSON UNLESS
(I) SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS MADE TO THE SELLER, (II) SO LONG AS THIS NOTE IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS MADE TO A PERSON WHOM THE TRANSFEROR
REASONABLY BELIEVES AFTER DUE INQUIRY IS A QIB ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT (AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS) OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHERS (WHICH OTHERS ALSO ARE QIBS) TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A OR (III) SUCH SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS OTHERWISE MADE IN A TRANSFER EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN WHICH 

CASE (A) THE ISSUER SHALL REQUIRE THAT BOTH THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEROR AND THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEREE CERTIFY TO THE ISSUER AND THE SELLER IN WRITING THE FACTS SURROUNDING SUCH TRANSFER,
WHICH CERTIFICATION SHALL BE IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER AND THE SELLER, AND (B) THE ISSUER SHALL REQUIRE A WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH SHALL NOT BE AT THE EXPENSE OF THE ISSUER, THE SELLER OR THE OWNER TRUSTEE)
SATISFACTORY TO THE SELLER AND THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH TRANSFER WILL NOT VIOLATE THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER IN CONTRAVENTION OF THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING RESTRICTIONS WILL BE VOID AB
INITIO AND THE PURPORTED TRANSFEROR WILL CONTINUE TO BE TREATED AS THE OWNER OF THE NOTES FOR ALL PURPOSES. 

THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS
PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. 

C-2 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST
2025-1

CLASS C 5.20% ASSET BACKED NOTE 

GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1, a statutory trust organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein referred to as the Issuer), for value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or registered assigns, the principal sum of TWENTY-THREE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED NINETY
THOUSAND DOLLARS payable on each Distribution Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) a fraction the numerator of which is $23,890,000 and the denominator of which is $23,890,000 times (ii) the aggregate amount, if any,
payable from the Note Distribution Account and Collection Account in respect of principal on the Class C Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided, however, that the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the
Distribution Date occurring on July 16, 2032 (the Final Scheduled Distribution Date). The Issuer will pay interest on this Note at the rate per annum shown above on each Distribution Date until the principal of this Note is
paid or made available for payment. Interest on this Note will accrue for each Distribution Date from the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid to but excluding such Distribution Date or, if no interest has yet been paid,
from January 15, 2025. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months. Such principal of and interest on this Note
shall be paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof. 

The principal of and interest on this Note are payable in such coin or
currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. All payments made by the Issuer with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due and payable on this Note as
provided above and then to the unpaid principal of this Note. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the
reverse hereof, which shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of this Note. 

Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.

C-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be signed, manually or in
facsimile, by its Authorized Officer as of the date set forth below. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is one of the Notes designated above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 

Date: January 15, 2025 CITIBANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signer

C-4 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (herein called the
Class C Notes), all issued under an Indenture dated as of January 15, 2025 (such indenture, as supplemented or amended, is herein called the Indenture), between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as trustee
(the Trustee, which term includes any successor Trustee under the Indenture) and as trust collateral agent (the Trust Collateral Agent, which term includes any successor Trust Collateral Agent) to which
Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes. The Notes are subject to all terms of the
Indenture. All terms used in this Note that are defined in the Indenture, as supplemented or amended, shall have the meanings assigned to them in or pursuant to the Indenture, as so supplemented or amended. 

The Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (together, the Notes) are and will be equally and
ratably secured by the collateral pledged as security therefor as provided in the Indenture. 

Principal of the Class C Notes will be
payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the face hereof. Distribution Date means the sixteenth (16th) day of each month, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing
February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. The term Distribution Date, shall be deemed to include the Final Scheduled Distribution Date. 

As described above, the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of the Final Scheduled
Distribution Date and the Redemption Date, if any, pursuant to the Indenture. As described above, a portion of the unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and payable on the Redemption Date, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be due and payable on the date on which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and the Majority Noteholders have declared the Notes to be immediately due and payable in the manner
provided in the Indenture. All principal payments on the Class C Notes shall be made pro rata to the Class C Noteholders entitled thereto. 

Payments of interest on this Note due and payable on each Distribution Date, together with the installment of principal, if any, to the extent
not in full payment of this Note, shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as the Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) on the Note Register as of the close of business on each Record Date, except that with
respect to Notes registered on the Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), payments will be made by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated by
such nominee. Such checks shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the applicable Record Date without requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment. Any
reduction in the principal amount of this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all future 

C-5 

Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof, whether or not noted hereon. If funds are expected to be available,
as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a Distribution Date, then the Trustee, in the name of and on behalf of the Issuer, will notify the Person who was the Holder hereof as of
the Record Date preceding such Distribution Date by notice mailed prior to such Distribution Date and the amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation and surrender of this Note at the Trustees principal Corporate Trust
Office or at the office of the Trustees agent appointed for such purposes located in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

The Issuer shall pay
interest on overdue installments of interest at the Class C Interest Rate to the extent lawful. 

As provided in the Indenture and
subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of this Note may be registered on the Note Register upon surrender of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture,
(i) duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with such signature guaranteed by an eligible
guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar which requirements include membership or participation in Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee
program as may be determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by such other documents as the Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more
new Notes of authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer or exchange of this Note, but the
transferor may be required to pay a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer or exchange. 

If this Note has been issued as a Definitive Note, the Note Registrar shall not register the transfer of this Note unless the prospective
transferee has represented and warranted in writing that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note is covered by a
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). If this Note has been issued as a Book Entry Note, each transferee of this Note or any beneficial interest herein shall
be deemed to represent and warrant that either (a) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of this Note or any beneficial interest herein
is covered by a Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or the Statutory Exemption or otherwise will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or
Section 4975 of the Code (or, if it is subject to any Similar Law, such acquisition, holding and disposition will not violate such Similar Law). Further, no Benefit Plan Entity may acquire this Note (or a beneficial interest herein) unless, at
the time of such sale or transfer, an Opinion of Counsel is provided to the effect that as of the date of such sale or transfer this Note will be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

C-6 

Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in a Note covenants and agrees (i) that no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the obligations of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee on the Notes or under the
Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection therewith, against (a) the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, (b) any owner of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer or (c) any partner, owner, beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual capacity, any holder of a beneficial
interest in the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee or of any successor or assign of the Seller, the Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee in its individual
capacity, except as any such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee have no such obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such partner, owner or
beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock, unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or call owing to such entity, and (ii) to treat the Notes that
are owned or beneficially owned by a Person other than AFS SenSub Corp., or its Affiliates, as indebtedness for purposes of federal income, State and local income and franchise and any other income taxes. 

Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and any agent
of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes,
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations
of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Notes under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer with the consent of the Majority Noteholders. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing specified percentages
of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or
waiver by the Holder of this Note (or any one of more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof
or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. The Indenture also permits the Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture without the consent of Holders of the Notes
issued thereunder. 

The term Issuer as used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the Indenture. 

The Issuer is permitted by the Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate, subject to the rights of the Trustee and the
Noteholders under the Indenture. 

The Notes are issuable only in registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture, subject to
certain limitations therein set forth. 

C-7 

This Note and the Indenture shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws. 

No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Issuer,
which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency herein prescribed. 

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Indenture or the Basic Documents, neither Wilmington
Trust Company in its individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries, agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns shall be personally liable for, nor
shall recourse be had to any of them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants, obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the Indenture, it being expressly
understood that said covenants, obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Issuer for the sole purposes of binding the Issuer. The Holder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that except as expressly provided in the Indenture or
the Basic Documents, in the case of an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Holder shall have no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or claim therefrom; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall be taken to
prevent recourse to, and enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the Indenture or in this Note. 

C-8 

ASSIGNMENT 

Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or other identifying number of assignee 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

________________________________ 

(name and
address of assignee) 

the within Note and all rights thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints, attorney, to transfer said Note on the
books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated 1 

Signature Guaranteed:

1 NOTE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever. 

C-9 

SCHEDULE A 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER 

Representations and Warranties Regarding the Receivables: 

1. Security Interest in Financed Vehicle. This Indenture creates a valid and continuing Security Interest (as defined in the
applicable UCC) in the Receivables in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent, which Security Interest is prior to all other Liens, and is enforceable as such as against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller. The Issuer owns and has good and
marketable title to the Receivables free and clear of any Lien (other than the Lien in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent), claim or encumbrance of any Person. 

2. Perfection of Security Interest. Each Receivable is secured by a first priority validly perfected security interest in the
related Financed Vehicle or all necessary actions with respect to such Receivable have been taken or will be taken to perfect a first priority security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Issuer Secured Party. 

3. All Filings Made. The Issuer has taken all steps necessary to perfect the Trust Collateral
Agents security interest in the property securing the Receivables, provided that, if not done as of the Closing Date, the Issuer will cause, within ten (10) days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in
the proper filing office in the State of Delaware under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder. All financing statements filed or to be filed against the Issuer in
favor of the Trust Collateral Agent in connection herewith describing the Receivables contain a statement to the following effect: A purchase of or a security interest in any collateral described in this financing statement will violate the
rights of the Trust Collateral Agent. 

4. No Impairment. The Issuer has not done anything to convey any right to any
Person that would result in such Person having a right to payments due under the Receivable or otherwise to impair the rights of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Noteholders in any Receivable or the proceeds thereof. Other than the
security interest Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture, the Issuer has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables. The Issuer has not authorized the filing of
and is not aware of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement relating to the security interest Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder or
that has been terminated. The Issuer is not aware of any judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against it. 

5. Chattel Paper.
The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper within the meaning of the UCC. 

Sch.A-1 

6. Good Title. Immediately prior to the pledge of the Receivables to the Trust
Collateral Agent pursuant to this Indenture, the Issuer was the sole owner thereof and had good and indefeasible title thereto, free of any Lien and, upon execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Trust shall have good and indefeasible title to
and will be the sole owner of such Receivables, free of any Lien. No Dealer has a participation in, or other right to receive, proceeds of any Receivable. The Issuer has not taken any action to convey any right to any Person that would result in
such Person having a right to payments received under the related Insurance Policies or the related Dealer Agreements, Dealer Assignments or to payments due under such Receivables. 

7. Possession of Original Copy. The Servicer, as Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, has in its possession or control the original
contract (or with respect to electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy) that constitutes or evidences the Receivable. 

8. One Original. There is only one original executed copy (or with respect to electronic chattel paper, one
authoritative copy) of each Contract. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, each authoritative copy (a) is unique, identifiable and unalterable (other than with the participation of the Trust Collateral Agent
in the case of an addition or amendment of an identified assignee and other than a revision that is readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision), (b) has been marked with a legend to the following effect: Authoritative
Copy and (c) has been communicated to and is maintained by or on behalf of the Custodian. 

9. Not an Authoritative
Copy. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the Servicer has marked all copies of each such Contract other than an authoritative copy with a legend to the following effect: This is not an authoritative
copy. 

10. Revisions. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the related Receivables
have been established in a manner such that (a) all copies or revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be made with the participation of the Trust Collateral Agent and (b) all
revisions of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision. 

11. Pledge or Assignment. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy of each
Contract communicated to the Custodian has no marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Trust Collateral Agent. 

Sch.A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d851789dex42.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 

TRUST
AGREEMENT 

between 

AFS
SENSUB CORP. 

Seller 

and 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY 

Owner
Trustee 

Dated as of January 15, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.1. Capitalized Terms 1 

SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions 4 

ARTICLE II. ORGANIZATION 4 

SECTION 2.1. Name 4 

SECTION 2.2. Office 4 

SECTION 2.3. Purposes and Powers 5 

SECTION 2.4. Appointment of Owner Trustee 5 

SECTION 2.5. Initial Capital Contribution of Trust Estate 6 

SECTION 2.6. Declaration of Trust 6 

SECTION 2.7. Title to Trust Property 6 

SECTION 2.8. Situs of Trust 6 

SECTION 2.9. Representations and Warranties of the Depositor 7 

SECTION 2.10. Covenants of the Certificateholder 8 

SECTION 2.11. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the Trust 8 

ARTICLE III. CERTIFICATE AND TRANSFER OF INTEREST 9 

SECTION 3.1. Initial Ownership 9 

SECTION 3.2. The Certificate 9 

SECTION 3.3. Authentication of Certificate 9 

SECTION 3.4. Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Certificate 10 

SECTION 3.5. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates 11 

SECTION 3.6. Persons Deemed Certificateholders 12 

SECTION 3.7. Maintenance of Office or Agency 12 

SECTION 3.8. Disposition in Whole But Not in Part 12 

SECTION 3.9. ERISA Restrictions 12 

SECTION 3.10. Appointment of Certificate Paying Agent 13 

ARTICLE IV. VOTING RIGHTS AND OTHER ACTIONS 13 

SECTION 4.1. Prior Notice to Holder with Respect to Certain Matters 13 

SECTION 4.2. Action by Certificateholder with Respect to Certain Matters 14 

SECTION 4.3. Restrictions on Certificateholders Power 14 

SECTION 4.4. [Reserved] 14 

SECTION 4.5. Action with Respect to Bankruptcy Action 15 

SECTION 4.6. Covenants and Restrictions on Conduct of Business 15 

ARTICLE V. AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE 17 

SECTION 5.1. General Authority 17 

SECTION 5.2. General Duties 17 

SECTION 5.3. Action upon Instruction 18 

SECTION 5.4. No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions 19 

SECTION 5.5. No Action Except under Specified Documents or Instructions 19 

SECTION 5.6. Restrictions 19 

SECTION 5.7. Covenants for Reporting of Repurchase Demands due to Breaches of Representations and Warranties 20 

ARTICLE VI. CONCERNING THE OWNER TRUSTEE 20 

SECTION 6.1. Acceptance of Trust and Duties 20 

SECTION 6.2. Furnishing of Documents 22 

SECTION 6.3. Representations and Warranties 22 

SECTION 6.4. Reliance; Advice of Counsel 23 

SECTION 6.5. Not Acting in Individual Capacity 24 

SECTION 6.6. Owner Trustee Not Liable for Certificate or Receivables 24 

SECTION 6.7. Owner Trustee May Own Notes 24 

SECTION 6.8. Payments from Owner Trust Estate 24 

SECTION 6.9. Doing Business in Other Jurisdictions 25 

SECTION 6.10. FATCA Information 25 

SECTION 6.11. Financial Crimes Enforcement Networks Customer Due Diligence 25 

SECTION 6.12. Beneficial Ownership and Control of the Trust 26 

ARTICLE VII. COMPENSATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE 26 

SECTION 7.1. Owner Trustees Fees and Expenses 26 

SECTION 7.2. Indemnification 26 

SECTION 7.3. Payments to the Owner Trustee 27 

SECTION 7.4. Non-recourse Obligations 27 

ARTICLE VIII. TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT 27 

SECTION 8.1. Termination of Trust Agreement 27 

ARTICLE IX. SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES 29 

SECTION 9.1. Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee 29 

SECTION 9.2. Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee 29 

SECTION 9.3. Successor Owner Trustee 30 

SECTION 9.4. Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee 30 

SECTION 9.5. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee 30 

ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 31 

SECTION 10.1. Supplements and Amendments 31 

SECTION 10.2. No Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate in Certificateholder 32 

SECTION 10.3. Limitations on Rights of Others 33 

SECTION 10.4. Notices 33 

SECTION 10.5. Severability 33 

ii 

SECTION 10.6. Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically 33 

SECTION 10.7. Assignments 34 

SECTION 10.8. No Recourse 34 

SECTION 10.9. Headings 34 

SECTION 10.10. Force Majeure 34 

SECTION 10.11. GOVERNING LAW 34 

SECTION 10.12. Servicer 35 

SECTION 10.13. Nonpetition Covenants 35 

SECTION 10.14. Regulation AB 35 

ARTICLE XI. APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES 36 

SECTION 11.1. Establishment of Trust Accounts 36 

SECTION 11.2. Application of Trust Funds 36 

SECTION 11.3. Method of Payment 37 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Certificate

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Trust

Exhibit C Form of Notice of Repurchase Request

iii 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT, dated as of January 15, 2025, between AFS
SENSUB CORP., a Nevada corporation, as depositor (the Seller), and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, a Delaware trust company, as Owner Trustee, amends and restates in its entirety that certain Trust Agreement, dated as of
November 27, 2024, between the Seller and the Owner Trustee (the Initial Trust Agreement). 

Article I. 

Definitions 

SECTION 1.1.
Capitalized Terms. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

Agreement shall mean this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, as the same may be further amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time. 

Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law shall have the meaning assigned to such
term in Section 6.11. 

Bankruptcy Action shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.5(a). 

Basic Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Certificate of Trust, the Underwriting Agreement, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Indenture, the Purchase Agreement, the Asset Representations Review Agreement and the other documents and certificates delivered in connection therewith, as the same may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time. 

BBA Partnership Audit Rules shall mean Sections 6221 through 6241 of the Code, and any regulations promulgated or proposed
under any such Sections and any administrative guidance with respect thereto. 

Benefit Plan Entity shall have the
meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.9. 

Benefit Plan Investor shall have the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 3.9. 

Certificate means a trust certificate evidencing the beneficial interest of the Certificateholder
in the Trust, substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Certificateholder or Holder
shall mean the person in whose name a Certificate is registered on the Certificate Register. 

Certificate Distribution
Account shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 11.1. 

Certificate of Trust shall mean
the Certificate of Trust in the form of Exhibit B as originally filed with the Delaware Secretary of State for the Trust pursuant to Section 3810(a) of the Statutory Trust Statute. 

Certificate Paying Agent shall mean any paying agent or co-paying agent appointed pursuant to Section 3.10 and shall initially be Wilmington Trust Company. 

Certificate Register and Certificate Registrar shall mean the register mentioned in and the registrar
appointed pursuant to Section 3.4. 

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time, and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Controlling Party shall mean an executive officer, senior
officer, or senior manager or any other individual who regularly performs similar functions. 

Corporate Trust Office
shall mean, with respect to the Owner Trustee, the principal corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee located at Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration, or at such
other address as the Owner Trustee may designate by notice to the Depositor, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Owner Trustee (the address of which the successor owner trustee will notify the Depositor). 

Depositor shall mean the Seller in its capacity as Depositor hereunder. 

Distribution Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

ERISA shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.9. 

Expenses shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.2. 

FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and (a) any regulations or official interpretations thereof
(including any revenue ruling, revenue procedure, notice or similar guidance issued by the IRS thereunder as a precondition to relief or exemption from taxes under such Sections, regulations and interpretations), (b) any applicable agreement entered
into under Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and (c) any applicable intergovernmental agreement with respect to the implementation of the foregoing. 

FATCA Information shall mean, with respect to any Certificateholder or Holder, any form or other certification, or such
other information reasonably sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or determine the amount of, FATCA Withholding Tax. 

FATCA
Withholding Tax shall mean any required withholding or deduction of tax pursuant to FATCA. 

GM Financial
shall mean AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial or another GM Financial brand. 

Indemnified Parties
shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.2. 

2 

Indenture shall mean the Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2025,
between the Trust and Citibank, N.A., as Trust Collateral Agent and Trustee, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 

Majority Certificateholder shall mean the Holder of the greatest percentage ownership interest in the Certificate as
recorded in the Certificate Register. 

Owner Trust Estate shall mean all right, title and interest of the Trust in and
to the property and rights assigned to the Trust pursuant to Article II of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, all funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts and all other property of the Trust from time to time, including any rights of
the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Owner Trustee shall mean Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware
trust company, not in its individual capacity but solely as owner trustee under this Agreement, and any successor Owner Trustee hereunder. 

Record Date shall mean with respect to any Distribution Date, the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding such Distribution Date. 

Responsible Officer shall mean, with respect to the Owner Trustee, any officer
within the Corporate Trust Administration office of the Owner Trustee with direct responsibility for the administration of the Trust and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such
officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 

Sale and Servicing Agreement shall mean the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, among the Trust, the Seller, GM Financial, and Citibank, N.A., as Trust Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 

Secretary of State shall mean the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

STAMP shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4. 

Statutory Trust Statute shall mean Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, 12 Del. Code 3801
etseq. as the same may be amended from time to time. 

Treasury Regulations shall mean regulations,
including proposed or temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code. References herein to specific provisions of proposed or temporary regulations shall include analogous provisions of final Treasury Regulations or other successor Treasury
Regulations. 

Trust shall mean the trust continued by this Agreement. 

Trust Collateral Agent shall mean, initially, Citibank, N.A., not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as
collateral agent, including its successors in interest, until and unless a successor Person shall have become the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and thereafter Trust Collateral Agent shall mean such
successor Person. 

3 

SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions. 

(a) Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in the Sale and Servicing Agreement or, if not
defined therein, in the Indenture. 

(b) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. 

(c) As used in this Agreement and in any certificate or
other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting terms not defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document, and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other
document to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the date of this Agreement or any such certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent
that the definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting principles, the definitions contained in this Agreement or
in any such certificate or other document shall control. 

(d) The words hereof, herein, hereunder and
words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; Section and Exhibit references contained in this Agreement are references to Sections and Exhibits in
or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term including shall mean including without limitation. 

(e) The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms. 

Article II. 

Organization 

SECTION
2.1. Name. 

There is hereby continued a Delaware statutory trust to be known as GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables
Trust 2025-1, in which name the Owner Trustee may conduct the business of the Trust, make and execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of the Trust and sue and be sued. 

SECTION 2.2. Office. 

The
office of the Trust shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office or at such other address as the Owner Trustee may designate by written notice to the Certificateholder. 

4 

SECTION 2.3. Purposes and Powers. 

The purpose of the Trust is, and the Trust shall have the power and authority, to engage in the following activities: 

(a) to issue the Notes pursuant to the Indenture and the Certificate pursuant to this Agreement, and to sell the Notes; 

(b) to acquire the property and assets set forth in the Sale and Servicing Agreement from the Depositor pursuant to the terms thereof, to fund
the Reserve Account and to pay the organizational, start-up and transactional expenses of the Trust; 

(c) to acquire from time to time the Owner Trust Estate, to assign, grant, transfer, pledge, mortgage and convey the Owner Trust Estate to the
Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and to hold, manage and distribute to the Certificateholder pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement any portion of the
Owner Trust Estate released from the Lien of, and remitted to the Trust pursuant to, the Indenture; 

(d) to enter into and perform its
obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is a party; 

(e) to engage in those activities, including entering into agreements, that
are necessary, suitable or convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or connected therewith (including the sale, from time to time, of Receivables at the direction of the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.3(c) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement), and the filing of State business licenses (and any renewal thereof) as prepared and instructed by the Certificateholder or Servicer, including a Sales Finance Company Application (and any renewal thereof) with the
Pennsylvania Department of Banking, Licensing Division, and a Financial Regulation Application (and any renewal thereof) with the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation; and 

(f) subject to compliance with the Basic Documents, to engage in such other activities as may be required in connection with conservation of
the Owner Trust Estate and the making of distributions to the Certificateholder and the Noteholders. 

The Trust is hereby authorized to
engage in the foregoing activities. The Trust shall not engage in any activity other than in connection with the foregoing or other than as required or authorized by the terms of this Agreement or the Basic Documents. 

SECTION 2.4. Appointment of Owner Trustee. 

The Depositor, pursuant to the Initial Trust Agreement, appointed Wilmington Trust Company, as Owner Trustee, and hereby confirms such
appointment, and the Owner Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties set forth herein. Wilmington Trust Company hereby accepts such appointment and will continue to serve as Owner Trustee under this Agreement. 

5 

SECTION 2.5. Initial Capital Contribution of Trust Estate. 

The Owner Trustee has acknowledged receipt in trust from the Depositor of the sum of $1.00 which contribution shall constitute the initial
Owner Trust Estate. The Depositor acknowledges that such contribution has been transferred to, and is being held by, Citibank, N.A., as agent for the Trust in an account established by Citibank, N.A., on behalf of the Trust, which contribution shall
constitute the initial Owner Trust Estate. The Depositor shall pay organizational expenses of the Trust as they may arise. 

SECTION 2.6.
Declaration of Trust. 

The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the Owner Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the
conditions set forth herein for the use and benefit of the Holder, subject to the obligations of the Trust under the Basic Documents. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust constitute a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust
Statute and that this Agreement constitute the governing instrument of such statutory trust. Effective as of the date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all rights, powers and duties set forth herein and to the extent not inconsistent herewith, in
the Statutory Trust Statute with respect to accomplishing the purposes of the Trust. The Certificate of Trust has been filed with the Secretary of State and such filing is hereby ratified in all respects. 

The Holder shall not have any personal liability for any liability or obligation of the Trust. 

SECTION 2.7. Title to Trust Property. 

(a) Legal title to all the Owner Trust Estate shall be vested at all times in the Trust as a separate legal entity except where applicable law
in any jurisdiction requires title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate to be vested in a trustee or trustees, in which case title shall be deemed to be vested in the Owner Trustee, a co-trustee and/or a
separate trustee, as the case may be. 

(b) The Holder shall not have legal title to any part of the Trust Property. The Holder shall be
entitled to receive distributions with respect to its undivided ownership interest therein only in accordance with Article VIII and Article XI. No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or interest by the Certificateholder
of its ownership interest in the Owner Trust Estate shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the trust hereunder or entitle any transferee to an accounting or to the transfer to it of legal title to any part of the Trust Property. 

SECTION 2.8. Situs of Trust. 

The Trust will be located and administered in the State of Delaware. All bank accounts maintained by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust
shall be located in the State of Delaware or the State of New York. Payments will be received by the Trust only in Delaware or New York and payments will be made by the Trust only from Delaware or New York. The Trust shall not have any employees in
any State other than Delaware; provided, however, that nothing herein shall restrict or prohibit the Owner Trustee, the Servicer or any agent of the Trust from having employees within or outside the State of Delaware. The only office of the
Trust will be at the Corporate Trust Office located in Delaware. 

6 

SECTION 2.9. Representations and Warranties of the Depositor. 

The Depositor makes the following representations and warranties on which the Owner Trustee relies in accepting the Owner Trust Estate in trust
and issuing the Certificate. 

(a) Organization and Good Standing. The Depositor is duly organized and validly existing as a Nevada
corporation with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is presently conducted and is proposed to be conducted pursuant to this Agreement and the Basic
Documents. 

(b) Due Qualification. The Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, is in good standing, and
has obtained, or has filed all forms, in the appropriate form, that are required to obtain, all necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property, the conduct of its business and the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement and the Basic Documents requires such qualification. 

(c) Power and Authority. The Depositor
has the corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms; the Depositor has full power and authority to sell and assign the property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Trust and the
Depositor has duly authorized such sale and assignment and deposit to the Trust by all necessary action; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by the Depositor by all necessary action. 

(d) No Consent Required. No consent, license, approval or authorization or registration or declaration with, any Person or with any
governmental authority, bureau or agency is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement and the Basic Documents, except for such as have been applied for, obtained, effected or made. 

(e) No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not
conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Depositor,
or any material indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Depositor is a party or by which it is bound; nor result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture,
agreement or other instrument (other than pursuant to the Basic Documents); nor violate any law or, to the best of the Depositors knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to the Depositor of any court or of any federal or State
regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its properties. 

(f)
No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to its knowledge threatened against it before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
it or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Certificate or the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect its performance of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the Basic
Documents, or (iv) seeking to adversely affect the federal income tax or other federal, State or local tax attributes of the Certificate. 

7 

SECTION 2.10. Covenants of the Certificateholder. 

The Certificateholder agrees: 

(a) to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Certificate of which the Holder is the beneficial owner and of this Agreement, including any
supplements or amendments hereto and to perform the obligations of a Holder as set forth therein or herein, in all respects as if it were a signatory hereto. This undertaking is made for the benefit of the Trust and the Owner Trustee; and 

(b) except as expressly provided in Sections 4.5 and 10.13, not to, for any reason, take any Bankruptcy Action. 

SECTION 2.11. Federal Income Tax Treatment of the Trust. 

(a) For so long as the Trust has a single owner for federal income tax purposes, pursuant to Treasury Regulations promulgated under
Section 7701 of the Code, it will be disregarded as an entity distinct from the Certificateholder for all federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, for federal income tax purposes, the Certificateholder will be treated as (i) owning all
assets owned by the Trust and (ii) having incurred all liabilities incurred by the Trust, and all transactions between the Trust and the Certificateholder will be disregarded. The parties agree that, unless otherwise required by appropriate tax
authorities, the Trust will file or cause to be filed annual or other necessary returns, reports and other forms consistent with the characterization of the Trust as provided in the preceding sentence for such tax purposes. 

(b) Neither the Owner Trustee nor the Certificateholder will make an election on IRS Form 8832 or otherwise to classify the Trust as an
association taxable as a corporation for federal, State, or any other applicable tax purpose. 

(c) In the event that the Trust has two
(2) or more owners for federal income tax purposes, pursuant to Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 7701 of the Code, it will be treated as a partnership. At any such time that the Trust has two (2) or more equity owners,
this Agreement will be amended, in accordance with Section 10.1 herein, and appropriate provisions will be added so as to provide for treatment of the Trust as a partnership. 

(d) In the event that the Trust is classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, (i) the Depositor (or if the Depositor is
no longer a Certificateholder, the Majority Certificateholder) is hereby designated as the partnership representative under Section 6223(a) of the Code and (ii) the partnership representative will or will cause the Trust, to
the extent eligible, to make the election under Section 6221(b) of the Code with respect to determinations of adjustments at the partnership level and take any other action (such as disclosures and notifications) necessary or appropriate to
effectuate such election. If the election described in the preceding sentence is not available, to the extent applicable, the partnership representative will or will cause the Trust to make the election under Section 6226(a) of the Code with
respect to the alternative to payment of imputed underpayment by a partnership and take any other action such 

8 

as filings, disclosures and notifications necessary or appropriate to effectuate such election. The partnership representative is authorized, in its sole discretion, to make any available
election with respect to the BBA Partnership Audit Rules and take any action it deems necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of the Code and to conduct the Trusts affairs with respect to the BBA Partnership Audit Rules. Each
Certificateholder and, if different, each beneficial owner of a Certificate, shall promptly provide the partnership representative any requested information, documentation or material to enable the partnership representative to make any of the
elections described in this clause (d) and otherwise comply with the BBA Partnership Audit Rules. The provisions of this Section 2.11(d) shall survive any termination of this Agreement. In addition, should the Trust be classified as a
partnership, the partnership representative, may, in its sole discretion, cause the Trust to make an election under Section 754 of the Code. 

Article III. 

Certificate and
Transfer of Interest 

SECTION 3.1. Initial Ownership. 

Upon the formation of the Trust by the contribution by the Depositor pursuant to Section 2.5 and until the issuance of the Certificate to
the initial Certificateholder, the Depositor shall be the sole beneficiary of the Trust. 

SECTION 3.2. The Certificate. 

The Certificate shall be executed on behalf of the Trust by manual signature of an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee. A Certificate
bearing the manual signatures of individuals who were, at the time when such signatures shall have been affixed, authorized to sign on behalf of the Trust, shall be validly issued and entitled to the benefit of this Agreement, notwithstanding that
such individuals or any of them shall have ceased to be so authorized prior to the authentication and delivery of such Certificate or did not hold such offices at the date of authentication and delivery of such Certificate. A transferee of a
Certificate shall become a Certificateholder, and shall be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Certificateholder hereunder, upon due registration of such Certificate in such transferees name pursuant to Section 3.4.

SECTION 3.3. Authentication of Certificate. 

Concurrently with the sale of the Receivables to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Owner Trustee shall cause the
Certificate to be executed on behalf of the Trust, authenticated and delivered to or upon the written order of the Depositor, signed by its chairman of the board, its president or any vice president, its treasurer or any assistant treasurer without
further corporate action by the Depositor, in authorized denominations. No Certificate shall entitle its holder to any benefit under this Agreement, or shall be valid for any purpose, unless there shall appear on such Certificate a certificate of
authentication substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A, executed by the Owner Trustee or the Owner Trustees authentication agent, by manual signature; such authentication shall constitute conclusive evidence that such Certificate
shall have been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. The Certificate shall be dated the date of its authentication. 

9 

SECTION 3.4. Registration of Transfer and Exchange of Certificate. 

The Certificate Registrar shall keep or cause to be kept, at the office or agency maintained pursuant to Section 3.7, a Certificate
Register in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, including, without limitation, requiring any potential transferee to represent to the Certificate Registrar such transferees compliance with the transfer
restrictions set forth herein, the Certificate Registrar shall provide for the registration of the Certificate and of transfers and exchanges of the Certificate as herein provided. The Certificate Registrar shall be entitled to conclusively rely on
the transferees representation that the transferee has complied with the transfer restrictions set forth herein. Wilmington Trust Company shall be the initial Certificate Registrar. 

The Certificate Registrar shall provide the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee with the name and address of the Certificateholder (if
other than the Depositor) on the Closing Date. Upon any transfers of the Certificate, the Certificate Registrar shall notify the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee of the name and address of the transferee in writing, by facsimile, on the day of
such transfer. The Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee shall be entitled to fully rely on the most recently provided Certificateholder information with no liability therefor. 

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of the Certificate at the office or agency maintained pursuant to Section 3.7, the Owner
Trustee shall execute, authenticate and deliver (or shall cause its authenticating agent to authenticate and deliver), in the name of the designated transferee, a new Certificate dated the date of authentication by the Owner Trustee or any
authenticating agent. 

A Certificate presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange may, but need not, be accompanied
by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar duly executed by the Certificateholder or his attorney duly authorized in writing, (i) with such signature guaranteed by an
eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Certificate Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) or such
other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Certificate Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Exchange Act, and (ii) accompanied by IRS Form W-9, or such other form as may be reasonably required in form satisfactory to the Certificate Registrar, as applicable, and such other documentation as may be reasonably required by the Owner Trustee or the
Certificate Registrar in order to comply with Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, each in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar, duly executed by the Certificateholder or such persons attorney duly authorized
in writing. No transfer will be effectuated hereunder unless the Owner Trustee has received the transfer documentation required hereunder. Each Certificate surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be canceled and subsequently
disposed of by the Owner Trustee in accordance with its customary practice. 

No service charge shall be made for any registration of
transfer or exchange of the Certificate, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of the
Certificate. 

10 

No Certificate may be held or beneficially owned by any Person that is not a United States
person as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. By accepting and holding its beneficial ownership interest in its Certificate, the Holder thereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is a United States person as
defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no sale or transfer of a Certificate shall be
permitted (including, without limitation, by pledge or hypothecation), and no such sale or transfer shall be registered by the Certificate Registrar to be effective hereunder, if the sale or transfer thereof increases the number of
Certificateholders to more than ninety-five (95). For purposes of determining the total number of Certificateholders, a beneficial owner of an interest in a partnership, grantor trust or S corporation for federal income tax purposes (each a
Flow-Through Entity) that, directly or through other Flow-Through Entities, owns a Certificate is treated as a holder of a Certificate if (i) substantially all of the value of the beneficial owners interest (directly or
indirectly) in the Flow-Through Entity is attributed to the Flow-Through Entitys interest in the Certificate and (ii) a principal purpose of the use of the Flow-Through Entity to hold the Certificate is to satisfy the 95 holder limitation
set out above. If using a Flow-Through Entity to acquire a Certificate, the Certificateholder shall be deemed to have represented that it is not using the Flow-Through Entity in order to avoid the 95 holder limitation set out above. In addition, no
sale or transfer of a Certificate shall be registered by the Certificate Registrar or made effective hereunder unless, as evidenced by a written representation and covenant by the transferee in form satisfactory to the Certificate Registrar (upon
which representation and covenant the Certificate Registrar may conclusively rely without independent investigation), no member of the transferees expanded group as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.385-1(c)(4) (including through a controlled partnership as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-1(c)(1)) is or will become the beneficial
owner of a Note. If a Certificateholder or a member of its expanded group becomes the beneficial owner of a Note, the Depositor is authorized at its discretion to compel such Certificateholder to sell its Certificate to a Person whose ownership
complies with this paragraph so long as such sale does not otherwise cause a material adverse effect on the Trust. 

SECTION 3.5.
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates. 

If (a) any mutilated Certificate shall be surrendered to the Certificate
Registrar, or if the Certificate Registrar shall receive evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Certificate and (b) there shall be delivered to the Certificate Registrar and the Owner Trustee, such security or
indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless, then in the absence of notice that such Certificate shall have been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust shall execute and the Owner Trustee,
or the Certificate Registrar, as the Owner Trustees authenticating agent, shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate, a new Certificate of like tenor and
denomination. In connection with the issuance of any new Certificate under this Section, the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in
connection therewith. Any duplicate Certificate issued pursuant to this Section shall constitute conclusive evidence of an ownership interest in the Trust, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be
found at any time. 

11 

SECTION 3.6. Persons Deemed Certificateholders. 

Every Person by virtue of becoming a Certificateholder in accordance with this Agreement shall be deemed to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement. Prior to due presentation of the Certificate for registration of transfer, the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar and any agent of the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar, may treat the Person in whose name any
Certificate shall be registered in the Certificate Register as the owner of such Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and for all other purposes whatsoever, and none of the Owner Trustee
or the Certificate Registrar nor any agent of the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar shall be bound by any notice to the contrary. 

SECTION 3.7. Maintenance of Office or Agency. 

The Owner Trustee shall maintain an office or offices or agency or agencies where the Certificate may be surrendered for registration of
transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Owner Trustee in respect of the Certificate and the Basic Documents may be served. The Owner Trustee initially designates the Corporate Trust Office for such purposes. The Owner
Trustee shall give prompt written notice to the Depositor and the Certificateholder of any change in the location of the Certificate Register or any such office or agency. 

SECTION 3.8. Disposition in Whole But Not in Part. 

The Certificate may be transferred in whole but not in part. Any attempted transfer of the Certificate that would divide the ownership of the
Owner Trust Estate shall be void. The Owner Trustee shall cause any Certificate issued to contain a legend stating THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT TRANSFERABLE EXCEPT UNDER THE LIMITED CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT. 

SECTION 3.9. ERISA Restrictions. 

The Certificate (and any beneficial interest therein) may not be acquired by, on behalf of or with the assets of (a) an employee
benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, (b) a
plan (as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (c) an entity whose underlying assets are deemed to include assets of an employee benefit plan or a plan described in
(a) or (b) above by reason of such employee benefit plans or plans investment in the entity (collectively, a Benefit Plan Investor), or (d) an employee benefit plan, a plan or other similar arrangement that
is not a Benefit Plan Investor but is subject to federal, State, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are substantially similar to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of (a) (d), a
Benefit Plan Entity). By accepting and holding the Certificate (or any beneficial interest therein), the Holder thereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing
the assets of, a Benefit Plan Entity. 

12 

SECTION 3.10. Appointment of Certificate Paying Agent. 

The Certificate Paying Agent shall make distributions to the Certificateholder from the Certificate Distribution Account pursuant to Article
VIII and Article XI hereof and shall report the amounts of such distributions to the Owner Trustee. Any Certificate Paying Agent shall have the revocable power to withdraw funds from the Certificate Distribution Account for the purpose of making the
distributions referred to above. The Owner Trustee shall revoke such power and remove the Certificate Paying Agent if the Owner Trustee or the Depositor by written direction to the Owner Trustee determines, each in its sole discretion that the
Certificate Paying Agent shall have failed to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. The Certificate Paying Agent initially shall be Wilmington Trust Company, and any co-paying
agent chosen by Wilmington Trust Company and the Depositor. Wilmington Trust Company shall be permitted to resign as Certificate Paying Agent upon thirty (30) days written notice to the Owner Trustee and the Depositor. In the event that
Wilmington Trust Company shall no longer be the Certificate Paying Agent, the Depositor, with the consent of the Owner Trustee, shall appoint a successor to act as Certificate Paying Agent (which shall be a bank or trust company). The Owner Trustee
shall cause such successor Certificate Paying Agent or any additional Certificate Paying Agent appointed hereunder to execute and deliver to the Owner Trustee an instrument in which such successor Certificate Paying Agent or additional Certificate
Paying Agent shall agree with the Owner Trustee that, as Certificate Paying Agent, such successor Certificate Paying Agent or additional Certificate Paying Agent will hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment to the Certificateholder in trust
for the benefit of the Certificateholder entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to the Certificateholder. The Certificate Paying Agent shall return all unclaimed funds to the Owner Trustee and upon removal of a Certificate Paying Agent such
Certificate Paying Agent shall also return all funds in its possession to the Owner Trustee. The provisions of Articles VI and VII shall apply to the Owner Trustee also in its role as Certificate Paying Agent, for so long as the Owner Trustee shall
act as Certificate Paying Agent and, to the extent applicable, to any other paying agent appointed hereunder. Any reference in this Agreement to the Certificate Paying Agent shall include any co-paying agent
unless the context requires otherwise. 

Article IV. 

Voting Rights and Other Actions 

SECTION 4.1. Prior Notice to Holder with Respect to Certain Matters. 

With respect to the following matters, the Owner Trustee shall not take action unless at least thirty (30) days before the taking of such
action, the Owner Trustee shall have notified the Certificateholder in writing of the proposed action and the Certificateholder shall not have notified the Owner Trustee in writing prior to the thirtieth (30th) day after such notice is given that
the Certificateholder has withheld consent or provided alternative direction: 

(a) the election by the Trust to file an amendment to the
Certificate of Trust (unless such amendment is required to be filed under the Statutory Trust Statute or unless such amendment would not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Holder); 

(b) the amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of any Noteholder is required; 

13 

(c) the amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the
consent of any Noteholder is not required and such amendment materially adversely affects the interests of the Certificateholder; or 

(d)
except pursuant to Section 12.1(b) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the amendment, change or modification of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except to cure any ambiguity or defect or to amend or supplement any provision in a manner that
would not materially adversely affect the interests of the Certificateholder. 

The Owner Trustee shall notify the Certificateholder in
writing of any appointment of a successor Note Registrar or Trust Collateral Agent within five (5) Business Days after receipt of notice thereof. 

SECTION 4.2. Action by Certificateholder with Respect to Certain Matters. 

The Owner Trustee shall not have the power, except upon the direction of the Certificateholder in accordance with the Basic Documents, to
(a) remove the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement pursuant to Section 9.2 thereof or (b) except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, sell the Receivables after the termination of the Indenture. The Owner Trustee
shall take the actions referred to in the preceding sentence only upon written instructions signed by the Certificateholder and the furnishing of indemnification satisfactory to the Owner Trustee by the Certificateholder. 

SECTION 4.3. Restrictions on Certificateholders Power.

(a) The Certificateholder shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take or refrain from taking any action if such action or inaction would be
contrary to any obligation of the Trust or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents or would be contrary to Section 2.3 nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated to follow any such direction, if given. 

(b) The Certificateholder shall not have any right by virtue or by availing itself of any provisions of this Agreement to institute any suit,
action, or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Agreement or any Basic Document, unless the Certificateholder previously shall have given to the Owner Trustee a written notice of default and of the continuance
thereof, as provided in this Agreement, and also unless the Certificateholder shall have made written request upon the Owner Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Owner Trustee under this Agreement and shall have
offered to the Owner Trustee such reasonable indemnity as it may require against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred therein or thereby, and the Owner Trustee, for thirty (30) days after its receipt of such notice, request, and
offer of indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit, or proceeding, and during such thirty (30) day period no request or waiver inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Owner Trustee
pursuant to and in compliance with this Section or Section 5.3. For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this Section, the Certificateholder and the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or
in equity. 

SECTION 4.4. [Reserved]

14 

SECTION 4.5. Action with Respect to Bankruptcy Action. 

(a) The Trust shall not, without the prior written consent of the Owner Trustee, (i) institute any proceedings to adjudicate the Trust
bankrupt or insolvent, (ii) consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Trust, (iii) file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or State law relating to
bankruptcy with respect to the Trust, (iv) consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Trust or a substantial part of its property, (v) make any assignment for
the benefit of the Trusts creditors, (vi) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, (vii) declare or effect a moratorium on its debt, or (viii) take any action in furtherance of any of the
foregoing (any of the above foregoing actions, a Bankruptcy Action). In considering whether to give or withhold written consent to a Bankruptcy Action by the Trust, the Owner Trustee, with the consent of the Certificateholder
(hereby given, which consent the Certificateholder believes to be in the best interests of the Certificateholder and the Trust), shall consider the interest of the Noteholders in addition to the interests of the Trust and whether the Trust is
insolvent; provided, however, that the Owner Trustee shall not be deemed to owe any fiduciary duty to the Noteholders. The Owner Trustee shall have no duty to give such written consent to a Bankruptcy Action by the Trust if the Owner Trustee
shall not have been furnished (at the expense of the Trust or the Person that requested that such letter be furnished to the Owner Trustee) with a letter from an independent accounting firm of national reputation stating that in the opinion of such
firm the Trust is then insolvent. The Owner Trustee (as such and in its individual capacity) shall not be personally liable to any Person on account of the Owner Trustees good faith reliance on the provisions of this Section or in connection
with the Owner Trustees giving prior written consent to a Bankruptcy Action by the Trust in accordance herewith, or withholding such consent, in good faith, and neither the Trust nor the Certificateholder shall have any claim for breach of
fiduciary duty or otherwise against the Owner Trustee (as such and in its individual capacity) for giving or withholding its consent to any such Bankruptcy Action. 

(b) The parties hereto stipulate and agree that the Certificateholder has no power to commence any Bankruptcy Action on the part of the Trust
or to direct the Owner Trustee to take any Bankruptcy Action on the part of the Trust except as provided in Sections 4.5(a) and 10.13. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the consent of the Trust Collateral Agent shall be obtained prior to
taking any Bankruptcy Action by the Trust. 

(c) The provisions of this Section do not constitute an acknowledgement or admission by the
Trust, the Owner Trustee, the Certificateholder or any creditor of the Trust that the Trust is eligible to be a debtor, under the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 101 et seq., as amended. 

SECTION 4.6. Covenants and Restrictions on Conduct of Business. 

(a) The Trust agrees to abide by the following restrictions: 

(i) other than as contemplated by the Basic Documents and related documentation, the Trust shall not incur any indebtedness;

15 

(ii) other than as contemplated by the Basic Documents and related
documentation, the Trust shall not engage in any dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, merger or sale of assets; 

(iii)
other than as contemplated by the Basic Documents and related documentation, the Trust shall not engage in any business activity in which it is not currently engaged; and 

(iv) other than as contemplated by the Basic Documents and related documentation, the Trust shall not form, or cause to be
formed, any subsidiaries and shall not own or acquire any asset. 

(b) The Trust shall: 

(i) maintain books and records separate from any other Person or entity; 

(ii) maintain its office and bank accounts separate from any other Person or entity; 

(iii) not commingle its assets with those of any other Person or entity; 

(iv) conduct its own business in its own name and use stationery or other business forms under its own name and not that of the
Certificateholder or any Affiliate; 

(v) other than as contemplated by the Basic Documents and related documentation, pay
its own liabilities and expenses only out of its own funds; 

(vi) observe all formalities required under the Statutory
Trust Statute; 

(vii) not guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person or entity; 

(viii) not hold out its credit as being available to satisfy the obligation of any other Person or entity; 

(ix) not acquire the obligations or securities of the Certificateholder or its Affiliates; 

(x) other than as contemplated by the Basic Documents and related documentation, not make loans to any other Person or entity
or buy or hold evidence of indebtedness issued by any other Person or entity; 

(xi) other than as contemplated by the Basic
Documents and related documentation, not pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person or entity; 

(xii) hold
itself out as a separate entity from the Certificateholder and not conduct any business in the name of the Certificateholder; 

(xiii) correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; 

16 

(xiv) not identify itself as a division (other than for tax reporting
purposes) of any other Person or entity; and 

(xv) except as required or specifically provided in this Agreement, the Trust
will conduct business with the Certificateholder or any Affiliate thereof on an arms length basis. 

(c) So long as the Notes or any
other amounts owed under the Indenture remain outstanding, the Trust shall not amend this Section 4.6 unless the Rating Agency Condition has been satisfied. 

Article V. 

Authority and
Duties of Owner Trustee 

SECTION 5.1. General Authority. 

(a) The Owner Trustee is authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Basic Documents to which the Trust is named as a party, each
certificate or other document attached as an exhibit to or contemplated by the Basic Documents to which the Trust is named as a party and any amendment thereto and on behalf of the Trust, each State business license (and any renewal thereof)
prepared by the Certificateholder or Servicer, including a Sales Finance Company Application (and any renewal thereof) with the Pennsylvania Department of Banking, Licensing Division, and a Financial Regulation Application (and any renewal thereof)
with the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation, in each case, in such form as the Depositor shall approve as evidenced conclusively by the Owner Trustees execution thereof, and on behalf of the Trust, to direct the Trustee to
authenticate and deliver the Class A-1 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $292,000,000, the Class A-2-A Notes
in the aggregate principal amount of $340,070,000, the Class A-2-B Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $214,060,000, the
Class A-3 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $554,120,000, the Class A-4 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $99,930,000, the Class B Notes
in the aggregate principal amount of $25,490,000 and the Class C Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $23,890,000. In addition to the foregoing, the Owner Trustee is authorized, but shall not be obligated, to take all actions required of
the Trust pursuant to the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee is further authorized from time to time to take such action as the Certificateholder recommends with respect to the Basic Documents so long as such activities are consistent with the terms
of the Basic Documents. 

(b) At the written direction of the Certificateholder, the Owner Trustee shall sign on behalf of the Trust any
applicable tax returns of the Trust prepared and delivered to it by the Servicer or Seller, unless applicable law requires the Certificateholder to sign such documents. 

SECTION 5.2. General Duties. 

It shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge (or cause to be discharged) only those responsibilities expressly required to be
performed by it pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement and to administer the Trust in the interest of the Holder, subject to the Basic Documents and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged its duties 

17 

and responsibilities hereunder and under the Basic Documents to the extent the Servicer has agreed in the Sale and Servicing Agreement to perform any act or to discharge any duty of the Trust or
the Owner Trustee hereunder or under any Basic Document, and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the default or failure of the Servicer to carry out its obligations under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

SECTION 5.3. Action upon Instruction. 

(a) Subject to Article IV, the Certificateholder shall have the exclusive right to direct the actions of the Owner Trustee in the management of
the Trust, so long as such instructions are not inconsistent with the express terms set forth herein or in any Basic Document. The Certificateholder shall not instruct the Owner Trustee in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement or the Basic
Documents. 

(b) The Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action hereunder or under any Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall
have reasonably determined, or shall have been advised by counsel, that such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner Trustee or is contrary to the terms hereof or of any Basic Document or is otherwise contrary to law. 

(c) Whenever the Owner Trustee is unable to decide between alternative courses of action permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement
or any Basic Document, the Owner Trustee shall promptly give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the circumstances) to the Certificateholder requesting instruction as to the course of action to be adopted, and to the extent the Owner
Trustee acts in good faith in accordance with any written instruction of the Certificateholder received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable on account of such action to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate
instruction within ten (10) days of such notice (or within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking
such action, not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Basic Documents, as it shall deem to be in the best interests of the Certificateholder, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction. 

(d) In the event that the Owner Trustee is unsure as to the application of any provision of this Agreement or any Basic Document or any such
provision is ambiguous as to its application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision, or in the event that this Agreement permits any determination by the Owner Trustee or is silent or is incomplete as to the course
of action that the Owner Trustee is required to take with respect to a particular set of facts, the Owner Trustee may give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the circumstances) to the Certificateholder requesting instruction and, to
the extent that the Owner Trustee acts or refrains from acting in good faith in accordance with any such instruction received, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable, on account of such action or inaction, to any Person. If the Owner Trustee shall
not have received appropriate instruction within ten (10) days of such notice (or within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in such notice or may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty
to, take or refrain from taking such action, not inconsistent with this Agreement or the Basic Documents, as it shall deem to be in the best interests of the Certificateholder, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction.

18 

SECTION 5.4. No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions. 

The Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to manage, make any payment with respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of, or
otherwise deal with the Owner Trust Estate, or to otherwise take or refrain from taking any action under, or in connection with, this Agreement and any document contemplated hereby to which the Owner Trustee is a party, except as expressly provided
by the terms of this Agreement or in any document or written instruction received by the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 5.3; and no implied duties (including fiduciary duties) or obligations existing at law or in equity shall be read into
this Agreement or any Basic Document against the Owner Trustee. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Owner Trustee has duties (including, without limitation, fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Trust or to the Seller
and the other Certificateholders, the Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable to the Trust or to the Seller and the other Certificateholders, to the fullest extent permitted by law, for the Owner Trustees good faith reliance on the
provisions of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including, without limitation, fiduciary duties) and liabilities of the Owner Trustee otherwise existing at law or in equity,
are agreed by the Owner Trustee, the Seller, and the Certificateholders to replace such other duties (including, without limitation, fiduciary duties) and liabilities to the fullest extent permitted by law (including, without limitation,
Section 3806(c) of the Statutory Trust Statute, as amended). The Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing any trust licensing or qualifications to do business, tax filing, financing or continuation statement in any public office at
any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection of any ownership or security interest or lien granted to it or the Trust or to prepare or file any Commission filing (including any filings required pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder) for the Trust or to record this Agreement or any Basic Document. The Owner Trustee nevertheless agrees that it will, at its own cost and expense, promptly take all action as may be necessary to
discharge any Liens on any part of the Owner Trust Estate that result from actions by, or claims against, the Owner Trustee (solely in its individual capacity) and that are not related to the ownership or the administration of the Owner Trust
Estate. 

SECTION 5.5. No Action Except under Specified Documents or Instructions. 

The Owner Trustee shall not manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal with any part of the Owner Trust Estate except (a) in
accordance with the powers granted to and the authority conferred upon the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, (b) in accordance with the Basic Documents and (c) in accordance with any document or instruction delivered to the Owner
Trustee pursuant to Section 5.3. 

SECTION 5.6. Restrictions. 

The Owner Trustee shall not take any action (a) that is inconsistent with the purposes of the Trust set forth in Section 2.3 of this
Agreement, or (b) that, to the actual knowledge of the Owner Trustee, would result in the Trust becoming taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes. The Certificateholder shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take action that
would violate the provisions of this Section. 

19 

SECTION 5.7. Covenants for Reporting of Repurchase Demands due to Breaches of
Representations and Warranties. 

(a) The Owner Trustee will (i) in accordance with its obligations pursuant to Section 3.2 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, provide prompt written notice upon the discovery of any breach of the Sellers representations and warranties, (ii) no later than five (5) Business Days after the end of each calendar quarter, provide
to the Servicer, GM Financial and the Seller, a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit C, or any other form agreed upon between the Owner Trustee and the Seller, which shall be deemed acceptable to the Seller unless the Seller notifies the
Owner Trustee within five (5) Business Days of its receipt thereof, with respect to any requests (in writing or orally) for the repurchase of any Receivable pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Purchase Agreement or Section 3.2 of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement received by a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee during the immediately preceding calendar quarter (or, in the case of the initial notice, since the Closing Date) and (iii) promptly upon reasonable written request
by the Servicer, GM Financial or the Seller, provide to them any other information reasonably requested in good faith that is in actual possession of the Owner Trustee and necessary to facilitate compliance by them with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act, and Items 1104(e) and 1121(c) of Regulation AB. 

(b) In no event will the
Owner Trustee or the Trust have any responsibility or liability in connection with (i) the compliance by the Servicer, GM Financial, the Seller or any other Person with the Exchange Act or Regulation AB or (ii) any filing required to be
made by a securitizer under the Exchange Act or Regulation AB. The Owner Trustee will not have a duty to conduct any affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of any conditions requiring the repurchase of any Receivable pursuant to
Section 5.1 of the Purchase Agreement or Section 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Article VI. 

Concerning the Owner Trustee 

SECTION 6.1. Acceptance of Trust and Duties. 

(a) The Owner Trustee accepts the trust hereby continued and agrees to perform its duties hereunder with respect to such trust but only upon
the terms of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee also agrees to disburse all moneys actually received by it constituting part of the Owner Trust Estate upon the terms of the Basic Documents and this Agreement. The Owner Trustee shall not be answerable
or accountable hereunder or under any Basic Document under any circumstances, except (i) for its own willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence, (ii) in the case of the inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in
Section 6.3 expressly made by the Owner Trustee, (iii) for liabilities arising from the failure of the Owner Trustee to perform obligations expressly undertaken by it in the last sentence of Section 5.4, (iv) for any investments
issued by the Owner Trustee in its commercial capacity or (v) for taxes, fees or other charges on, based on or measured by, any fees, commissions or compensation received by the Owner Trustee. In particular, but not by way of limitation (and
subject to the exceptions set forth in the preceding sentence): 

20 

(i) the Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable for any error of
judgment made by a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee (except in the case of willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence); 

(ii) the Owner Trustee shall not be personally liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in
accordance with the instructions of the Servicer or the Certificateholder; 

(iii) no provision of this Agreement or any
Basic Document shall require the Owner Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its rights or powers hereunder or under any Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall have
reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured or provided to it; 

(iv) the Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or for the
due execution hereof by the Depositor or for the form, character, genuineness, sufficiency, value or validity of any of the Owner Trust Estate or for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of the Basic Documents, other than the certificate of
authentication on the Certificate, and the Owner Trustee shall in no event assume or incur any liability, duty or obligation to the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, any Noteholder or the Certificateholder, other than as expressly provided for
herein and in the Basic Documents; 

(v) the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the default or misconduct of the Trustee,
the Trust Collateral Agent or the Servicer or any other Person under any of the Basic Documents or otherwise and the Owner Trustee shall have no obligation or liability to perform the obligations under this Agreement or the Basic Documents that are
not expressly required to be performed by the Owner Trustee, including without limitation, those that are required to be performed by the Trustee under the Indenture or the Trust Collateral Agent or the Servicer under the Sale and Servicing
Agreement; 

(vi) the Owner Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by
this Agreement, or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation under this Agreement or otherwise or in relation to this Agreement or any Basic Document, at the request, order or direction of the Certificateholder, unless the Certificateholder has
offered to the Owner Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred by the Owner Trustee therein or thereby. The right of the Owner Trustee to perform any discretionary act
enumerated in this Agreement or in any Basic Document shall not be construed as a duty, and the Owner Trustee shall not be answerable for other than its negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct in the performance of any such act; 

(vii) the Owner Trustee shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation to (or liability for failing to) monitor, supervise,
confirm, verify, notify regarding or otherwise enforce the requirements or commitments applicable to any Person arising under, related to or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Agreement or any law, rule or regulation in connection
with risk retention; 

21 

(viii) in no event shall the Owner Trustee, its directors, officers, agents
or employees be responsible or liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Owner Trustee has been advised of the likelihood
of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action; and 

(ix) the Owner Trustee shall not be deemed to have
knowledge or notice of any fact or event unless a Responsible Officer of the Owner Trustee has actual knowledge or received written notice thereof. 

(b) Under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be liable for any representations, warranties or covenants of the Trust or any other Person
(except as provided in Section 6.1(a) with regard to the Owner Trustees representations and warranties contained in Section 6.3) or the indebtedness evidenced by or arising under any of the Basic Documents, including the principal of
and interest on the Notes. 

SECTION 6.2. Furnishing of Documents. 

The Owner Trustee shall furnish to the Certificateholder promptly upon receipt of a written request therefor, and at the expense of the
requesting Certificateholder, duplicates or copies of all reports, notices, requests, demands, certificates, financial statements and any other instruments furnished to the Owner Trustee under the Basic Documents. 

SECTION 6.3. Representations and Warranties. 

Wilmington Trust Company hereby represents and warrants to the Depositor and the Holder, that: 

(a) It is a Delaware corporation with trust powers, duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. It has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(b) It
has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be executed and delivered by one of its officers who is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on its
behalf. 

(c) Neither the execution nor the delivery by it of this Agreement, nor the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
hereby nor compliance by it with any of the terms or provisions hereof will contravene any federal or Delaware State law, governmental rule or regulation governing the trust powers of Wilmington Trust Company or any judgment or order binding on it,
or constitute any default under its charter documents or by-laws or any indenture, mortgage, contract, agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which any of its properties may be bound. 

22 

(d) The Agreement has been, or, when executed and delivered will have been, duly authorized,
validly executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company and constitutes, a valid and binding agreement of Wilmington Trust Company, enforceable against Wilmington Trust Company in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
enforceability may (i) be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other similar laws, regulations or procedures of general applicability now or hereinafter in effect relating to or affecting creditors rights
generally and (ii) be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(e) There are
no proceedings or investigations pending or, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of Wilmington Trust Company, threatened, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction
over Wilmington Trust Company or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or (ii) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the performance by Wilmington Trust Company of its
obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any Basic Document. 

SECTION 6.4. Reliance; Advice of
Counsel. 

(a) The Owner Trustee shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution,
request, consent, order, judgment, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Owner Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter
stated in any such document, including verifying the correctness of any numbers or calculations. The Owner Trustee may accept a certified copy of a resolution of the board of directors or other governing body of any corporate party as conclusive
evidence that such resolution has been duly adopted by such body and that the same is in full force and effect. As to any fact or matter, the method of the determination of which is not specifically prescribed herein, the Owner Trustee may for all
purposes hereof require and rely on a certificate, signed by the president or any vice president or by the treasurer, secretary or other authorized officers of the relevant party, as to such fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full
protection to the Owner Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in reliance thereon. 

(b) In the exercise
or administration of the trust hereunder and in the performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement or the Basic Documents, the Owner Trustee (i) may act directly or through its agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered
into with any of them, and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the conduct or misconduct of such agents or attorneys if such agents or attorneys shall have been selected by the Owner Trustee with reasonable care, and (ii) may consult with
counsel, accountants and other skilled persons to be selected with reasonable care and employed by it. The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the written opinion or advice
of any such counsel, accountants or other such persons; provided, however, that the Owner Trustee shall use its best efforts to procure and provide to such counsel, accountants or other such persons all such documents and information as may
be reasonably necessary for such persons to render such opinion or advice. 

23 

SECTION 6.5. Not Acting in Individual Capacity. 

Except as provided in this Article VI, in accepting the trust hereby created, Wilmington Trust Company acts solely as Owner Trustee hereunder
and not in its individual capacity and all Persons having any claim against the Owner Trustee by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Basic Document shall look only to the Owner Trust Estate for payment or satisfaction
thereof. 

SECTION 6.6. Owner Trustee Not Liable for Certificate or Receivables. 

The recitals contained herein and in the Certificate (other than the signature and certificate of authentication of the Owner Trustee on the
Certificate) shall be taken as the statements of the Depositor and the Owner Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Owner Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement, of any Basic
Document or of the Certificate (other than the signature and certificate of authentication of the Owner Trustee on the Certificate) or the Notes, or of any Receivable or related documents. The Owner Trustee shall at no time have any responsibility
or liability for or with respect to the legality, validity and enforceability of any Receivable, or the perfection and priority of any security interest created by any Receivable in any Financed Vehicle or the maintenance of any such perfection and
priority, or for or with respect to the sufficiency of the Owner Trust Estate or its ability to generate the payments to be distributed to the Certificateholder under this Agreement or the Noteholders under the Indenture, including, without
limitation: the existence, condition and ownership of any Financed Vehicle; the existence and enforceability of any insurance thereon; the existence and contents of any Receivable on any computer or other record thereof; the validity of the
assignment of any Receivable to the Trust or of any intervening assignment; the completeness of any Receivable; the performance or enforcement of any Receivable; the compliance by the Depositor, the Servicer or any other Person with any warranty or
representation made under any Basic Document or in any related document or the accuracy of any such warranty or representation or any action of the Trustee or the Servicer or any subservicer taken in the name of the Owner Trustee. 

SECTION 6.7. Owner Trustee May Own Notes. 

The Owner Trustee in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of the Notes and may deal with the Depositor, the
Trustee and the Servicer in banking transactions with the same rights as it would have if it were not Owner Trustee. 

SECTION 6.8.
Payments from Owner Trust Estate. 

All payments to be made by the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents
to which the Trust or the Owner Trustee is a party shall be made only from the income and proceeds of the Owner Trust Estate and only to the extent that the Owner Trustee shall have received income or proceeds from the Owner Trust Estate to make
such payments in accordance with the terms hereof. Wilmington Trust Company or any successor thereto, in its individual capacity, shall not be liable for any amounts payable under this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents to which the Trust or
the Owner Trustee is a party. 

24 

SECTION 6.9. Doing Business in Other Jurisdictions. 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither Wilmington Trust Company, in its individual capacity, or any successor
thereto, nor the Owner Trustee shall be required to take any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action will, even after the appointment of a co-trustee or separate trustee in accordance with
Section 9.5, (a) require the consent or approval or authorization or order of or the giving of notice to, or the registration with or the taking of any other action in respect of, any State or other governmental authority or agency of any
jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware; (b) result in any fee, tax or other governmental charge under the laws of any jurisdiction or any political subdivisions thereof other than the State of Delaware becoming payable by Wilmington
Trust Company (or any successor thereto); or (c) subject Wilmington Trust Company (or any successor thereto) to personal jurisdiction in any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware for causes of action arising from acts unrelated to the
consummation of the transactions by Wilmington Trust Company (or any successor thereto) or the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 6.10. FATCA Information. 

Each Certificateholder or Holder, by acceptance of such Certificate or such interest therein, agrees to provide to the Owner Trustee, upon its
reasonable request, the FATCA Information to the extent such Certificateholder or Holder is legally entitled to do so. In addition, each Certificateholder or Holder, by acceptance of such Certificate or such interest therein, agrees that the Owner
Trustee has the right to withhold or deduct (and to promptly pay over, in full, to the relevant taxing authority) any amounts properly withheld or deducted under law (and without any corresponding gross-up)
payable to a Certificateholder or Holder that fails to comply with the requirements of the preceding sentence. 

SECTION 6.11. Financial
Crimes Enforcement Networks Customer Due Diligence. 

To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering
activities, the Customer Identification Program requirements established under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 and its
implementing regulations (together, the USA PATRIOT Act), the Financial Crimes Enforcement Networks Customer Due Diligence Requirements (the FinCEN Due Diligence Requirements) and such other laws, rules,
regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions (collectively, with the USA PATRIOT Act and FinCEN Due Diligence Requirements, the Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law), requires all
financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Person who opens an account. Accordingly, in order to comply with Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, the Owner Trustee will request on or before the Closing Date
and from time to time thereafter reasonable documentation to verify and record information that identifies each Person who opens an account. For a non-individual Person, such as a business entity, a charity, a
trust or other legal entity customer (as defined in the FinCEN Due Diligence Requirements), the Owner Trustee may request and shall be entitled to receive from such Person reasonable documentation to verify its formation and existence as
a legal entity, financial statements, licenses, tax identification documents, and identification and authorization documents from individuals claiming authority to represent the entity or other relevant documentation and

25 

information (including beneficial owners of such entities) (collectively, the Owner Trustee Due Diligence Documents). Failure by a Person who opens an account to provide such
Owner Trustee Due Diligence Documents may result in an inability of the Owner Trustee to perform its obligations hereunder which, at the sole option of the Owner Trustee, may result in the immediate resignation of the Owner Trustee pursuant to, and
subject to the requirements of Section 9.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Person who opens an account is not a legal entity customer (as defined in the FinCEN Due Diligence Requirements), in the determination of the Owner Trustee (in
the Owner Trustees reasonable discretion), such Person shall not be required to provide to the Owner Trustee the Owner Trustee Due Diligence Documents, and any such requirement to provide such information shall be deemed satisfied. 

GM Financial will take any action, if necessary, from time to time to cause compliance by the Trust with the Corporate Transparency Act (31
U.S.C. 5336) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the CTA). The Owner Trustee will have no responsibility to monitor or ensure compliance by the Trust with the CTA. 

SECTION 6.12. Beneficial Ownership and Control of the Trust. 

The parties hereto agree that for purposes of Applicable Anti-Money Laundering Law, including without limitation the CTA, as applicable,
(a) the Certificateholders are and shall be deemed to be the sole direct owner(s) of the Trust and (b) one or more of the Controlling Parties of the Certificateholders and the Servicer are, and shall be deemed to be, the parties with the
power and authority to exercise substantial control over the Trust.

Article VII. 

Compensation of Owner Trustee 

SECTION 7.1. Owner Trustees Fees and Expenses. The Owner Trustee shall receive as compensation for its services hereunder such
fees as have been separately agreed upon before the date hereof between GM Financial and the Owner Trustee, and the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the Depositor for its other reasonable expenses hereunder, including the
reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of such agents, representatives, experts and counsel as the Owner Trustee may employ in connection with the exercise and performance of its rights and its duties hereunder and under the Basic
Documents. GM Financial shall be jointly and severally liable for the fees and expenses owing to the Owner Trustee under this Section 7.1. 

SECTION 7.2. Indemnification. 

The Depositor shall be liable as primary obligor for, and shall indemnify the Owner Trustee and its officers, directors, successors, assigns,
agents and servants (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) from and against, any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, taxes, claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements
(including reasonable legal fees, costs and expenses and including, without limitation, any legal fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit) brought by the Owner Trustee or any other
Indemnified Party for any indemnification or other 

26 

obligation of the Depositor) of any kind and nature whatsoever (collectively, Expenses) which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Owner Trustee
or any Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Basic Documents, the Owner Trust Estate, the administration of the Owner Trust Estate or the action or inaction of the Owner Trustee hereunder, except only that
the Depositor shall not be liable for or required to indemnify the Owner Trustee from and against Expenses arising or resulting from any of the matters described in the third sentence of Section 6.1(a). The indemnities contained in this Section
and the rights under Section 7.1 shall survive the resignation or termination of the Owner Trustee or the termination of this Agreement. In any event of any claim, action or proceeding for which indemnity will be sought pursuant to this
Section, the Owner Trustees choice of legal counsel shall be subject to the approval of the Depositor which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. GM Financial shall be jointly and severally liable for the indemnification duties and
obligations of the Depositor which are described in this Section 7.2. 

SECTION 7.3. Payments to the Owner Trustee. 

Any amounts paid to the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Article VII shall be deemed not to be a part of the Owner Trust Estate immediately after
such payment. 

SECTION 7.4. Non-recourse Obligations. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Basic Document, the Owner Trustee agrees in its individual capacity and in its capacity as
Owner Trustee for the Trust that all obligations of the Trust to the Owner Trustee individually or as Owner Trustee for the Trust shall be with recourse to the Owner Trust Estate only and specifically shall be without recourse to the assets of the
Holder. 

Article VIII. 

Termination of Trust Agreement 

SECTION 8.1. Termination of Trust Agreement. 

(a) The Trust shall dissolve in accordance with Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Statute upon the maturity or other liquidation of the
last Receivable (including the purchase by the Servicer at its option or by the Seller at its option of the corpus of the Trust as described in Section 10.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement) and the subsequent distribution of amounts in
respect of such Receivables as provided in the Basic Documents; provided, however, that the rights to indemnification under Section 7.2 and the rights under Section 7.1 shall survive the dissolution of the Trust. The Seller or the
Servicer shall promptly notify the Owner Trustee of any prospective dissolution pursuant to this Section. For the avoidance of doubt, except as described in Section 8.1(d), the Owner Trustee shall have no responsibility for the dissolution, or winding-up, of the Trust. The bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, death or incapacity of the Certificateholder, shall not (i) operate to terminate this Agreement or the Trust, nor (ii) entitle the
Certificateholders legal representatives or heirs to claim an accounting or to take any action or proceeding in any court for a partition or winding up of all or any part of the Trust or Owner Trust Estate nor (iii) otherwise affect the
rights, obligations and liabilities of the parties hereto. 

27 

(b) Neither the Depositor nor the Certificateholder shall be entitled to revoke or terminate
the Trust. 

(c) Notice of any termination of the Trust, specifying the Distribution Date upon which the Certificateholder shall surrender
the Certificate to the Owner Trustee for payment of the final distribution by the Certificate Paying Agent and cancellation, shall be given by the Servicer on behalf of the Owner Trustee by letter to the Certificateholder mailed within five
(5) Business Days of receipt by the Owner Trustee of notice of such termination from the Servicer given pursuant to Section 10.1(c) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, stating (i) the Distribution Date upon or with respect to which
final payment of the Certificate shall be made upon presentation and surrender of the Certificate at the office of the Owner Trustee therein designated, (ii) the amount of any such final payment, (iii) that the Record Date otherwise
applicable to such Distribution Date is not applicable, payments being made only upon presentation and surrender of the Certificate at the office of the Owner Trustee therein specified and (iv) interest will cease to accrue on the Certificate.
The Servicer on behalf of the Owner Trustee shall give such notice to the Trust Collateral Agent at the time such notice is given to the Certificateholder. Upon presentation and surrender of the Certificate, the Certificate Paying Agent shall cause
to be distributed to the Certificateholder amounts distributable on such Distribution Date pursuant to Section 5.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

In the event that the Certificateholder shall not surrender the Certificate for cancellation within six (6) months after the date
specified in the above-mentioned written notice, the Servicer on behalf of the Owner Trustee shall give a second written notice to the Certificateholder to surrender the Certificate for cancellation and receive the final distribution with respect
thereto. If within one (1) year after the second notice the Certificate shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the Owner Trustee may take appropriate steps, or may appoint an agent to take appropriate steps, to contact the
Certificateholder concerning surrender of its Certificate, and the cost thereof shall be paid out of the funds and other assets that shall remain subject to this Agreement. Any funds remaining in the Trust after exhaustion of such remedies shall be
distributed, subject to applicable escheat laws, by the Owner Trustee to the Holder. 

(d) Upon the completion of the winding up of the
Trust in accordance with Section 3808 of the Statutory Trust Statute, this Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect except as expressly set forth herein and the Owner Trustee, at the written direction and expense of the
Depositor, shall cause the Certificate of Trust to be canceled by filing a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of Section 3810 of the Statutory Trust Statute. 

28 

Article IX. 

Successor Owner Trustees and Additional Owner Trustees 

SECTION 9.1. Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee. 

The Owner Trustee shall at all times be a Person (a) satisfying the provisions of Section 3807(a) of the Statutory Trust Statute;
(b) authorized to exercise corporate trust powers; and (c) having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by federal or State authorities. If such Person shall publish reports of
condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for the purpose of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital
and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. In case at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Owner Trustee shall resign immediately in the
manner and with the effect specified in Section 9.2. 

SECTION 9.2. Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee. 

The Owner Trustee may at any time resign and be discharged from the trust hereby created by giving written notice thereof to the Depositor and
the Servicer. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Depositor shall promptly appoint a successor Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one (1) copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Owner Trustee and
one (1) copy to the successor Owner Trustee. If no successor Owner Trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Owner Trustee or
the Certificateholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee. 

If at any time
the Owner Trustee shall (a) cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.1 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Depositor, (b) be legally unable to act, or shall be adjudged bankrupt or
insolvent, or a receiver of the Owner Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Owner Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or
liquidation, or (c) be removed as Certificate Paying Agent pursuant to Section 3.10, then the Depositor may remove the Owner Trustee by sending written notice of such removal to the Owner Trustee. If the Depositor shall remove the Owner
Trustee under the authority of the immediately preceding sentence, the Depositor shall promptly (x) appoint a successor Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one (1) copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the outgoing
Owner Trustee so removed and one (1) copy to the successor Owner Trustee, and (y) pay all fees owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee. 

Any resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee and appointment of a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section
shall not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 9.3 and payment of all fees and expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee. The Depositor shall provide notice of such resignation or
removal of the Owner Trustee to each of the Rating Agencies. The Trust shall pay any costs and expenses associated with the replacement of the Owner Trustee. To the extent the Trust fails to pay any such costs or expenses before the Distribution
Date following the replacement of the Owner Trustee, the Depositor shall pay such amount then outstanding. 

29 

SECTION 9.3. Successor Owner Trustee. 

Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 9.2 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Depositor, the Servicer and to
its predecessor Owner Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment under this Agreement, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor Owner Trustee shall become effective and such successor Owner Trustee, without any further act,
deed or conveyance, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor under this Agreement, with like effect as if originally named as Owner Trustee. The predecessor Owner Trustee shall upon payment of
its fees and expenses deliver to the successor Owner Trustee all documents and statements and monies held by it under this Agreement; and the Depositor and the predecessor Owner Trustee shall execute and deliver such instruments and do such other
things as may reasonably be required for fully and certainly vesting and confirming in the successor Owner Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations. 

No successor Owner Trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Owner
Trustee shall be eligible pursuant to Section 9.1. 

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to this
Section, the Servicer shall mail notice of the successor of such Owner Trustee to the Certificateholder, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Rating Agencies. If the Servicer shall fail to mail such notice within ten (10) days after acceptance
of appointment by the successor Owner Trustee, the successor Owner Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the Servicer. 

SECTION 9.4. Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee. 

Any Person into which the Owner Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Owner Trustee shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Owner Trustee, shall be the successor of the Owner Trustee hereunder,
provided such Person shall be eligible pursuant to Section 9.1, without the execution or filing of any instrument or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding; provided,
further, that the Owner Trustee shall mail notice of such merger or consolidation or succession to the Depositor (who shall notify the Rating Agencies). 

SECTION 9.5. Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee. 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any legal requirements of any jurisdiction in
which any part of the Owner Trust Estate or any Financed Vehicle may at the time be located, the Servicer and the Owner Trustee acting jointly shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all instruments to appoint one or more Persons approved
by the Owner Trustee to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Owner Trustee, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or any part of the Owner Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person, in such capacity,
such title to the Trust, or any part thereof, and, subject to the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, rights and trusts as the Servicer and the Owner Trustee may consider necessary or desirable. If the Servicer shall
not have joined in such appointment within fifteen (15) days after the receipt by it of a request to do so, the Owner Trustee shall have the power to make such appointment. No co-trustee or separate
trustee under this Agreement shall be required to meet the terms of eligibility as a successor trustee pursuant to Section 9.1 and no notice of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall
be required pursuant to Section 9.3. 

30 

Each separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the
extent permitted by law, be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions: 

(a) all rights, powers, duties and
obligations conferred or imposed upon the Owner Trustee shall be conferred upon and exercised or performed by the Owner Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly (it being understood that such
separate trustee or co-trustee is not authorized to act separately without the Owner Trustee joining in such act), except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act or
acts are to be performed, the Owner Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations (including the holding of title to the Owner Trust Estate or any portion thereof
in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely at the direction of the Owner Trustee; 

(b) no trustee under this Agreement shall be personally liable by reason of any act or omission of any other trustee under this Agreement; and

(c) the Servicer and the Owner Trustee acting jointly may at any time accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or co-trustee.

Any notice, request or other writing given to the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to have
been given to each of the then separate trustees and co-trustees, as effectively as if given to each of them. Every instrument appointing any separate trustee or
co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement and the conditions of this Article. Each separate trustee and co-trustee, upon its acceptance of the trust conferred, shall be
vested with the estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including every provision
of this Agreement relating to the conduct of, affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Owner Trustee. Each such instrument shall be filed with the Owner Trustee and a copy thereof given to the Servicer. 

Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time appoint the Owner Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name.
If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Owner
Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor co-trustee or separate trustee. 

Article X. 

Miscellaneous

SECTION 10.1. Supplements and Amendments. 

(a) This Agreement may be amended by the Depositor and the Owner Trustee, and with prior written notice by the Depositor to the Rating
Agencies, without the consent of any of the Noteholders or the Certificateholder, (i) to cure any ambiguity or defect or (ii) to correct, supplement or modify any provisions in this Agreement; provided, however, that such action shall not,
as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Owner Trustee which may be based upon a certificate of the Servicer, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Noteholder or Certificateholder. 

31 

(b) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Depositor and the Owner
Trustee, with prior written notice by the Depositor to the Rating Agencies, to the extent such amendment materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders, with the consent of the Noteholders evidencing not less than a majority of
the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, and the consent of the Certificateholder (which consent of any Holder of a Certificate or Note given pursuant to this Section or pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding
on such Holder) for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders or the Certificateholder; provided,
however, that no such amendment shall (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on Receivables or distributions that shall be required to be made for the benefit of the
Noteholders or the Certificateholder or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes and the Certificate balance required to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the Holders of all the Outstanding
Notes and the Certificateholder. 

Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Owner Trustee shall furnish written
notification of the substance of such amendment or consent to the Certificateholder, the Trustee and the Depositor (who shall send such notification to each of the Rating Agencies). 

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Certificateholder, the Noteholders or the Trustee pursuant to this Section to approve the
particular form of any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of the Certificateholder provided for in this
Agreement or in any Basic Document) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by the Certificateholder shall be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Owner Trustee may prescribe. Promptly after the execution of any
amendment to the Certificate of Trust, the Owner Trustee shall cause the filing of such amendment with the Secretary of State. 

Prior to
the execution of any amendment to this Agreement or any other Basic Document, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this
Agreement and that all conditions precedent to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been satisfied. The Owner Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects the Owner Trustees own rights,
duties or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise. 

SECTION 10.2. No Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate in Certificateholder.

The Certificateholder shall not have legal title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate. The Certificateholder shall be entitled to receive
distributions in accordance with Article VIII and Article XI. No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or interest of the Certificateholder to and in its ownership interest in the Owner Trust Estate shall operate to
terminate this Agreement or the trust hereunder or entitle any transferee to an accounting or to the transfer to it of legal title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate. 

32 

SECTION 10.3. Limitations on Rights of Others. 

The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, the Depositor, the Certificateholder, the Servicer and, to
the extent expressly provided herein, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim in the Owner Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein. 

SECTION 10.4. Notices. 

(a) Unless otherwise expressly specified or permitted by the terms hereof, all notices shall be in writing, personally delivered or mailed by
certified mail, return receipt requested, federal express or similar overnight courier service, and shall be deemed to have been duly given only upon actual receipt, if to the Owner Trustee, addressed to the Corporate Trust Office, Email:
SF_GMF@wilmingtontrust.com; if to the Depositor, addressed to AFS SenSub Corp., 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, Attention: Robert Pigott, SVP Corporate Finance, Email: Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com; or, as to each party, at
such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each other party. 

(b) Any notice required or permitted to
be given to the Certificateholder shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at the address of the Holder. Any notice so mailed within the time prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or
not the Certificateholder receives such notice. 

(c) Where this Agreement provides for notice or delivery of documents to the Rating
Agencies, failure to give such notice or deliver such documents shall not affect any other rights or obligations created hereunder. 

SECTION 10.5. Severability. 

Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the
extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

SECTION 10.6. Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically. 

This Agreement may be executed and delivered in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but together they shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and .pdf signatures shall be deemed valid and binding to the same extent as the original and the parties affirmatively consent to the use thereof, with no such consent having been withdrawn. Each
party agrees that, except as provided in Section 3.3, this Agreement and any documents to be delivered in connection with this Agreement may be executed by means of an electronic signature that complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in
Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent applicable. Any electronic signatures

33 

appearing on this Agreement and such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. Each party hereto shall be entitled to
conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or
authenticity thereof. 

SECTION 10.7. Assignments. 

This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

SECTION 10.8. No Recourse. 

The Certificateholder by accepting a Certificate acknowledges that the Certificate represents a beneficial interest in the Trust only and does
not represent interests in or obligations of the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee, or any Affiliate thereof and no recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated in
this Agreement, the Certificate or the Basic Documents. 

SECTION 10.9. Headings. 

The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms
or provisions hereof. 

SECTION 10.10. Force Majeure. 

The Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for delays or failures in performance resulting directly or indirectly from forces beyond its
control (including, without limitation, acts of God, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, severe weather, floods, nuclear or natural catastrophes, lockouts, riots, civil or military disturbances, acts of war or terrorism, pandemic or epidemic, any
provision of any present or future law or regulation or any act of any governmental authority, and any interruption, loss or malfunction of utilities, communications, computer services (software or hardware) or Federal Reserve Bank wire service)
provided such default or delay could not have been prevented by the taking of commercially reasonable precautions such as the implementation and execution of disaster recovery plans. 

SECTION 10.11. GOVERNING LAW. 

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF
LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

34 

SECTION 10.12. Servicer. 

(a) The Servicer is authorized to prepare, or cause to be prepared, execute and deliver on behalf of the Trust, all such documents, reports,
filings, instruments, certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty of the Trust or Owner Trustee to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Basic Documents. The Owner Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver to the
Servicer a limited power of attorney appointing the Servicer as the Trusts agent and attorney-in-fact to prepare, or cause to be prepared, execute and deliver all
such documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions. 

(b) It shall be the Servicers duty and responsibility, and
not the Owner Trustees duty or responsibility, to cause the Trust to respond to, comply with, defend, participate in or otherwise act in connection with any regulatory, administrative, governmental, investigative or other obligation,
proceeding or inquiry relating in any way to the Trust, its assets or the conduct of its business; provided, that, the Owner Trustee hereby agrees to cooperate with the Servicer and to comply with any reasonable request made by the
Servicer for the delivery of information or documents to the Servicer in the Owner Trustees actual possession relating to any such regulatory, administrative, governmental, investigative or other obligation, proceeding or inquiry. 

SECTION 10.13. Nonpetition Covenants. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement, but subject to the provisions
of Section 4.5, the Certificateholder shall not, prior to the date which is one (1) year and one (1) day after the termination of this Agreement with respect to the Trust, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Trust to
invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Trust under any federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Trust or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Trust. 

(b) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement, but subject to the provisions
of Section 4.5, the Owner Trustee shall not, prior to the date which is one (1) year and one (1) day after the termination of this Agreement, with respect to the Trust, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Trust to
invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining an involuntary case against the Trust under any federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Trust or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Trust. 

SECTION 10.14. Regulation AB. The Owner Trustee acknowledges and agrees that the purpose of this Section 10.14 is to facilitate
compliance by the Trust with the provisions of Regulation AB and related rules and regulations of the Commission. The Owner Trustee acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of Regulation AB may change over time, whether due to
interpretive guidance provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and agrees hereby to comply with reasonable requests made by the Servicer in good
faith for delivery of information under these provisions on the basis of evolving interpretations of Regulation AB. The Owner Trustee shall cooperate fully with the Servicer and the Trust to deliver to the Servicer and the Trust any and all
statements, reports, certifications, records and any other information necessary in the good faith determination of the Servicer to permit the Servicer and the Trust to comply with the provisions of Regulation AB, together with such disclosures
relating to the Owner Trustee reasonably believed by the Servicer to be necessary in order to effect such compliance. 

35 

Article XI. 

Application of Trust Funds; Certain Duties 

SECTION 11.1. Establishment of Trust Accounts.

(a) The Owner Trustee, for the benefit of the Certificateholder, shall cause the Certificate Paying Agent to establish and maintain in the name
of the Trust a distribution non-interest bearing account (the Certificate Distribution Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the
benefit of the Certificateholder. The Certificate Distribution Account shall be maintained as an Eligible Deposit Account; provided, however, that so long as (i) the long-term unsecured debt of the related depository institution shall
have a credit rating of investment grade or better by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, and (ii) such depository institutions deposits are insured by the FDIC, such account shall be deemed to be an Eligible Deposit
Account. 

(b) The Trust shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time in the Certificate
Distribution Account and in all proceeds thereof. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Certificate Distribution Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Owner Trustee for the benefit of the Certificateholder. If, at
any time, the Certificate Distribution Account ceases to be an Eligible Deposit Account, the Certificate Paying Agent shall within ten (10) Business Days establish a new Certificate Distribution Account as an Eligible Deposit Account and shall
transfer any cash or any investments to such new Certificate Distribution Account; provided, however, that so long as (i) the long-term unsecured debt of the related depository institution shall have a credit rating of investment grade
or better by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, and (ii) such depository institutions deposits are insured by the FDIC, such account shall be deemed to be an Eligible Deposit Account. 

SECTION 11.2. Application of Trust Funds. 

(a) On each Distribution Date, the Owner Trustee shall cause the Certificate Paying Agent to distribute amounts deposited in the Certificate
Distribution Account pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to such Distribution Date in the following order of priority: 

(i) to make payments to the Certificateholder, any remaining amount deposited therein; and 

(ii) to clear and terminate the Certificate Distribution Account upon the termination of this Agreement. 

36 

(b) In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the Trusts payment (or
allocations of income) to the Certificateholder, such tax shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the Certificateholder in accordance with this Section. The Owner Trustee or Certificate Paying Agent is hereby authorized and directed to
retain from amounts otherwise distributable to the Certificateholder sufficient funds for the payment of any tax that is legally owed by the Trust (but such authorization shall not prevent the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Paying Agent from
contesting any such tax in appropriate proceedings and withholding payment of such tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to the Certificateholder shall be treated
as cash distributed to the Certificateholder at the time it is withheld by the Trust and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. If there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution (such as a distribution
to a non-U.S. Certificateholder), the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Paying Agent may in its sole discretion withhold such amounts in accordance with this paragraph. 

(c) The Owner Trustee and the Certificate Paying Agent shall be fully protected in relying upon, and each Holder by its acceptance of the
Certificate hereunder agrees to indemnify and hold the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Paying Agent harmless against all claims or liability of any kind arising in connection with or related to the Owner Trustees and the Certificate Paying
Agents reliance upon any documents, forms or information provided by any Holder to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Paying Agent. 

SECTION 11.3. Method of Payment.

Distributions required to be made to the Certificateholder on any Distribution Date shall be made to the Certificateholder of record on the
preceding Record Date either by wire transfer, in immediately available funds, to the account of the Certificateholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if the Certificateholder shall have provided to the Certificate
Registrar and the Certificate Paying Agent appropriate written instructions at least five (5) Business Days prior to such Distribution Date, or, if not, by check mailed to the Certificateholder at the address of the Certificateholder appearing
in the Certificate Register. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

37 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by
their respective officers hereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Owner Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AFS SENSUB CORP., as Seller

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED TO:

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. d/b/a GM Financial, Solely with respect to Sections 6.11, 6.12, 7.1 and 7.2

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Trust Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

NUMBER 

R-1

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 

THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT TRANSFERABLE, 

EXCEPT UNDER THE LIMITED CONDITIONS 

SPECIFIED IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT 

ASSET BACKED
CERTIFICATE 

evidencing a beneficial ownership interest in certain distributions of the Trust, as defined below, the property of which includes a pool of
retail installment sale contracts secured by new or used automobiles, utility vehicles or light duty trucks and sold to the Trust by AFS SenSub Corp. 

(This Certificate does not represent an interest in or obligation of AFS SenSub Corp. or any of its Affiliates, except to the extent described below.)

THIS CERTIFIES THAT AFS SenSub Corp. is the registered owner of a nonassessable, fully-paid, beneficial ownership interest in certain
distributions of GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the Trust) formed by AFS SenSub Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Seller). 

The Trust was created pursuant to a Trust Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2024, as amended and restated as of January 15, 2025
(the Trust Agreement), between the Seller and Wilmington Trust Company, as owner trustee (the Owner Trustee), a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of which is set forth below. To the extent not
otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Trust Agreement. 

This is the duly
authorized Certificate designated as Asset Backed Certificate (herein called the Certificate). Also issued under the Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2025, among the Trust and Citibank, N.A., as trustee and
trust collateral agent, are seven classes of Notes designated as Class A-1 4.395% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-1 Notes), Class A-2-A 4.44% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-A Notes), Class A-2-B Floating Rate Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-2-B Notes),
Class A-3 4.62% Asset Backed Notes (the Class A-3 Notes), Class A-4 4.73% Asset Backed
Notes (the Class A-4 Notes and together with the Class A-1 Notes, the
Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes and the
Class A-3 Notes, the Class A Notes), Class B 5.00% Asset Backed Notes (the Class B Notes) and Class C 5.20% Asset Backed Notes (the
Class C Notes and collectively with the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Notes). This Certificate is issued under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Trust Agreement,
to which Trust Agreement the holder of this Certificate by virtue of the acceptance hereof assents and by which such holder is bound. The property of the Trust includes a pool of retail installment sale contracts secured by new and used automobiles,

utility vehicles or light duty trucks (the Receivables), all monies due thereunder on or after the Cutoff Date, security interests in the vehicles financed thereby, certain
bank accounts and the proceeds thereof, proceeds from claims on certain insurance policies and certain other rights under the Trust Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement, all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to the Purchase
Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, between GM Financial and the Seller and all proceeds of the foregoing. 

The holder of this
Certificate acknowledges and agrees that its rights to receive distributions in respect of this Certificate are subordinated to the rights of the Noteholders as described in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Indenture and the Trust Agreement, as
applicable. 

Distributions on this Certificate will be made as provided in the Trust Agreement or any Basic Document by wire transfer or
check mailed to the Certificateholder without the presentation or surrender of this Certificate or the making of any notation hereon. Except as otherwise provided in the Trust Agreement and notwithstanding the above, the final distribution on this
Certificate will be made after due notice by the Servicer on behalf of the Owner Trustee of the pendency of such distribution and only upon presentation and surrender of this Certificate at the office or agency maintained for the purpose by the
Owner Trustee in the Corporate Trust Office. 

Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Certificate set forth on the
reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place. 

Unless the
certificate of authentication hereon shall have been executed by an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature, this Certificate shall not entitle the holder hereof to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or the Sale and Servicing
Agreement or be valid for any purpose. 

THIS CERTIFICATE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. 

A-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Trust and not in its individual
capacity, has caused this Certificate to be duly executed. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE

RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY,

not in its individual capacity but

solely as Owner Trustee

Dated: January 15, 2025 By: 

Name: 

Title: 

OWNER TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This is the Certificate referred to in the within-mentioned Trust Agreement. 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as

Owner Trustee

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-3 

(Reverse of Certificate) 

The Certificate does not represent an obligation of, or an interest in, the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee or any Affiliates of any
of them and no recourse may be had against such parties or their assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated herein or in the Trust Agreement, the Indenture or the Basic Documents. In addition, this Certificate is not guaranteed by
any governmental agency or instrumentality and is limited in right of payment to certain collections with respect to the Receivables, all as more specifically set forth herein and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement. A copy of each of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and the Trust Agreement may be examined during normal business hours at the principal office of the Seller, and at such other places, if any, designated by the Seller, by the Certificateholder upon written request. 

The Trust Agreement permits, with certain exceptions therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and
obligations of the Seller under the Trust Agreement at any time by the Seller and the Owner Trustee with the consent of the Majority Noteholders and the Certificateholder. Any such consent by the Holder of this Certificate shall be conclusive and
binding on such Holder and on all future Holders of this Certificate and of any Certificate issued upon the transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent is made upon this Certificate. The Trust
Agreement also permits the amendment thereof, in certain limited circumstances, without the consent of the Certificateholder. 

As provided
in the Trust Agreement and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Certificate is registrable in the Certificate Register upon surrender of this Certificate for registration of transfer at the offices or agencies of
the Certificate Registrar maintained by the Owner Trustee in the Corporate Trust Office, accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar duly executed by the holder hereof or
such holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon a new Certificate evidencing the same aggregate interest in the Trust will be issued to the designated transferee. The initial Certificate Registrar appointed under the Trust
Agreement is Wilmington Trust Company. No service charge will be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental
charge payable in connection therewith. 

This certificate may not be held or beneficially owned by any Person that is not a United States
person as defined under Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

No sale or transfer of a Certificate shall be permitted (including, without
limitation, by pledge or hypothecation), and no such sale or transfer shall be registered by the Certificate Registrar or be effective hereunder, if the sale or transfer thereof increases to more than ninety-five (95) the sum of the number of
Certificateholders. For purposes of determining the total number of Certificateholders, a beneficial owner of an interest in a partnership, grantor trust, S corporation or other flow-through entity that owns, directly or through other flow-through
entities, a Certificate is treated as a holder of a Certificate if (i) substantially all of the value of the beneficial owners interest (directly or indirectly) in the flow-through entity is
attributed to the flow-through entitys interest in the Certificate and (ii) a principal purpose of the use of the flow-through entity to hold the Certificate is to satisfy the 95-holder limitation
set out above. If using a flow-through 

A-4 

entity to acquire a Certificate, the Certificateholder shall be deemed to have represented that it is not using the flow-through entity in order to avoid the
95-holder limitation set out above. In addition, no sale or transfer of a Certificate shall be registered by the Certificate Registrar or made effective hereunder unless, as evidenced by a written
representation and covenant by the transferee in form satisfactory to the Certificate Registrar (upon which representation and covenant the Certificate Registrar may conclusively rely without independent investigation), no member of the
transferees expanded group as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.385-1(c)(4) (including through a controlled partnership as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 1.385-1(c)(1)) is or will become the beneficial owner of a Note. If a Certificateholder or a member of its expanded group becomes the beneficial owner of a Note, the Depositor is authorized at its
discretion to compel such Certificateholder to sell its Certificate to a Person whose ownership complies with this paragraph so long as such sale does not otherwise cause a material adverse effect on the Trust. 

The Owner Trustee and any agent of the Owner Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Certificate is registered as the owner hereof for
all purposes, and none of the Owner Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 

The obligations and
responsibilities created by the Trust Agreement and the Trust created thereby shall terminate upon the payment to the Certificateholder of all amounts required to be paid to it pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement and
the disposition of all property held as part of the Trust. The Seller or the Servicer of the Receivables may at its option purchase the corpus of the Trust at a price specified in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, and such purchase of the
Receivables and other property of the Trust will effect early retirement of this Certificate; however, such right of purchase is exercisable, subject to certain restrictions, only as of the last day of any Collection Period as of which the Pool
Balance is 10% or less of the Original Pool Balance. 

This Certificate (and any beneficial interest herein) may not be acquired by, on
behalf of or with the assets of (i) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan (as defined in
Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code) that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) an entity whose underlying assets are deemed to include assets of an employee benefit plan or a plan described in (i) or (ii) above by reason of
such employee benefit plans or plans investment in the entity (collectively, a Benefit Plan Investor), or (iv) an employee benefit plan, a plan or other similar arrangement that is not a Benefit Plan Investor but
is subject to federal, State, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are substantially similar to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of (i) (iv), a Benefit Plan
Entity). By accepting and holding this Certificate (or any beneficial interest herein), the Holder hereof shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that it is not, and is not acting on behalf of or investing the assets of, a
Benefit Plan Entity. 

The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Depositor or the Servicer, as the case may be,
and the Owner Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Owner Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Certificate or of any Receivable or related document. 

Unless the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been executed by an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature,
this Certificate shall not entitle the Holder hereof to any benefit under the Trust Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement or be valid for any purpose. 

A-5 

ASSIGNMENT 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY 

OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER 

OF ASSIGNEE 

(Please print or type name and address, including postal zip code, of assignee) 

the within Certificate, and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing 

______________________________ Attorney to transfer said Certificate on the books of the Certificate Registrar, with full power of substitution in the
premises. 

Dated: __________________________________*

Signature

Guaranteed: __________________________________*

__________________________________ 

* 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears on
the face of the within Certificate in every particular, without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. Such signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution meeting the requirements of the Certificate
Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or such other signature guarantee program as may be determined by the Certificate Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A-6 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF 

CERTIFICATE OF
TRUST 

OF 

GM
FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

THIS Certificate of Trust of GM
FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1 (the Trust) is being duly executed by the undersigned, as trustee, and filed on behalf of the Trust by AFS SenSub Corp. to form a statutory
trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (12 Del. C. 3801 etseq.) (the Act). 

1.
Name. The name of the statutory trust formed by this Certificate of Trust is GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1.

2. Delaware Trustee. The name and business address of the trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware is Wilmington Trust Company,
1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890. 

3. Effective Date. This Certificate of Trust shall be effective upon filing.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this Certificate of Trust in accordance with Section 3811(a)(1) of the Act.

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee of the Trust

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

Form of 

Notice of
Repurchase Request 

[ ], 20[ ] 

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. 

d/b/a GM Financial, 

as Servicer 

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102, 

Attention: Robert Pigott, SVP Corporate
Finance 

Email: Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com 

GMF Leasing
LLC 

801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102,

Attention: Robert Pigott, SVP Corporate Finance 

Email:
Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com 

AFS SenSub Corp. 

801 Cherry
Street, Suite 3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102, 

Attention:
Robert Pigott, SVP Corporate Finance 

Email: Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com 

GMF Funding Corp. c/o GM Financial 

801 Cherry Street, Suite
3500 

Fort Worth, Texas 76102 

Attention: Robert Pigott, SVP
Corporate Finance 

Email: Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com 

Re: Notice of Requests to Repurchase Receivables

Reference is hereby made to each of the Amended and Restated Trust Agreements set forth on Schedule A (each, an Agreement),
for which Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware trust company has acted in the capacity of owner trustee (in each case, the Owner Trustee). This Notice is being delivered pursuant to Section 5.7 or 6.7, as applicable, of the
related Agreement. 

[During the period from and including [_____], 20[__] to but excluding [_____], 20[__], the Owner Trustee received no
requests requesting that Receivables be repurchased.] 

[During the period from and including [_____], 20[__] to but excluding [_____],
20[__] the Owner Trustee received one or more requests requesting that Receivables be repurchased. 

C-1 

Copies of such requests received in writing are attached, and details of any such requests received orally are set forth below: 

Agreement Date of Request 

Number
of

Receivables

Subject to Request Aggregate Principal

Balance of

Receivables

Subject to Request

This notice, and requests contained herein are being sent to you in connection with compliance with Rule 15Ga-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In no event will the Owner Trustee or any of the related issuers have any responsibility or liability in connection with (i) the compliance by the related
Servicer, the related Depositor or any other Person with the Exchange Act or Regulation AB or (ii) any filing required to be made by a securitizer under the Exchange Act or Regulation AB. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the related Agreement. 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY,

not in its individual capacity but solely as

Owner Trustee of the Trust

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

C-2 

Schedule A 

Agreements 

[To be provided] 

C-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d851789dex43.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.3
<TEXT>
EX-4.3

Exhibit 4.3 

SALE AND SERVICING 

AGREEMENT 

among 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER
AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

Issuer, 

AFS SENSUB CORP., 

Seller, 

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

D/B/A GM FINANCIAL, 

Servicer, 

and 

CITIBANK, N.A., 

Trust Collateral Agent 

Dated as
of January 15, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 1 

SECTION 1.1. Definitions 1 

SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions 20 

ARTICLE II Conveyance of Receivables 21 

SECTION 2.1. Conveyance of Receivables 21 

SECTION 2.2. [Reserved] 21 

SECTION 2.3. Further Encumbrance of Trust Property 21 

SECTION 2.4. Intention of the Parties 22 

ARTICLE III The Receivables 23 

SECTION 3.1. Representations and Warranties of Seller 23 

SECTION 3.2. Repurchase upon Breach 24 

SECTION 3.3. Custody of Receivable Files 25 

SECTION 3.4. Maintenance and Safekeeping of the Receivable Files 27 

SECTION 3.5. Location of Receivable Files 27 

SECTION 3.6. Access to Records 27 

SECTION 3.7. Advice of Counsel 28 

SECTION 3.8. Administration; Reports 28 

SECTION 3.9. Instructions; Authority to Act 28 

SECTION 3.10. Custodian Fee 28 

SECTION 3.11. Indemnification by the Custodian 28 

SECTION 3.12. Effective Period and Termination of Custodian 28 

SECTION 3.13. Dispute Resolution 29 

ARTICLE IV Administration and Servicing of Receivables 31 

SECTION 4.1. Duties of the Servicer 31 

SECTION 4.2. Collection of Receivable Payments; Modifications of Receivables 33 

SECTION 4.3. Realization upon Receivables 34 

SECTION 4.4. Insurance 36 

SECTION 4.5. Maintenance of Security Interests in Vehicles 37 

SECTION 4.6. Covenants of Servicer 38 

SECTION 4.7. Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach of Covenant 38 

SECTION 4.8. Total Servicing Fee; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer 39 

SECTION 4.9. Servicers Certificate and Asset-Level Information 40 

SECTION 4.10. Annual Statement as to Compliance, Notice of Servicer Termination Event 40 

SECTION 4.11. Annual Independent Public Accountants Reports 41 

SECTION 4.12. Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding Receivables 42 

i 

ARTICLE V Trust Accounts; Distributions; Statements to Noteholders 42 

SECTION 5.1. Establishment of Trust Accounts 42 

SECTION 5.2. [Reserved] 45 

SECTION 5.3. Certain Reimbursements to the Servicer 45 

SECTION 5.4. Application of Collections 45 

SECTION 5.5. [Reserved] 45 

SECTION 5.6. Additional Deposits 45 

SECTION 5.7. Distributions 46 

SECTION 5.8. Reserve Account 49 

SECTION 5.9. Statements to Noteholders 49 

SECTION 5.10. SOFR Determination 51 

ARTICLE VI [Reserved] 51 

ARTICLE VII The Seller 51 

SECTION 7.1. Representations of Seller 51 

SECTION 7.2. Corporate Existence 53 

SECTION 7.3. Liability of Seller; Indemnities 54 

SECTION 7.4. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, Seller 55 

SECTION 7.5. Limitation on Liability of Servicer, Seller and Others 55 

SECTION 7.6. Ownership of the Certificates or Notes 56 

ARTICLE VIII The Servicer 56 

SECTION 8.1. Representations of Servicer 56 

SECTION 8.2. Liability of Servicer; Indemnities 58 

SECTION 8.3. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of the Servicer 59 

SECTION 8.4. Limitation on Liability of Servicer and Others 60 

SECTION 8.5. Delegation of Duties 60 

SECTION 8.6. Servicer Not to Resign 60 

ARTICLE IX Default 61 

SECTION 9.1. Servicer Termination Event 61 

SECTION 9.2. Consequences of a Servicer Termination Event 61 

SECTION 9.3. Appointment of Successor 62 

SECTION 9.4. Notification to Noteholders 63 

SECTION 9.5. Waiver of Past Defaults 63 

ARTICLE X Termination 63 

SECTION 10.1. Optional Purchase of All Receivables 63 

ARTICLE XI Administrative Duties of the Servicer 64 

SECTION 11.1. Administrative Duties 64 

SECTION 11.2. Records 66 

ii 

SECTION 11.3. Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer 66 

SECTION 11.4. Review Reports 66 

ARTICLE XII Miscellaneous Provisions 67 

SECTION 12.1. Amendment 67 

SECTION 12.2. Protection of Title to Trust 68 

SECTION 12.3. Notices 69 

SECTION 12.4. Assignment 70 

SECTION 12.5. Limitations on Rights of Others 70 

SECTION 12.6. Severability 70 

SECTION 12.7. Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically 70 

SECTION 12.8. Headings 71 

SECTION 12.9. Governing Law 71 

SECTION 12.10. Assignment to Trust Collateral Agent 71 

SECTION 12.11. Nonpetition Covenants 71 

SECTION 12.12. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent 72 

SECTION 12.13. Trust Collateral Agent to Report Repurchase Demands due to Breaches of Representations and Warranties 73 

SECTION 12.14. Independence of the Servicer 73 

SECTION 12.15. No Joint Venture 73 

SECTION 12.16. State Business Licenses 73 

SECTION 12.17. Regulation RR Risk Retention 73 

SECTION 12.18. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 74 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule A Schedule of Receivables

Schedule B-1 Representations and Warranties of the Seller and the Servicer Regarding the Receivables

Schedule B-2 Representations and Warranties of the Seller and the Servicer Regarding the Pool of Receivables

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A Form of Servicers Certificate

iii 

SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 15, 2025, among GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER
AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), AFS SENSUB CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Seller), AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.
D/B/A GM FINANCIAL, a Delaware corporation (the Servicer), and CITIBANK, N.A., a national banking association, in its capacity as Trust Collateral Agent. 

WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to purchase a portfolio of receivables arising in connection with motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts
made by GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate or acquired by GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate through motor vehicle dealers; 

WHEREAS, the Seller has purchased such receivables from GM Financial and is willing to sell such receivables to the Issuer; 

WHEREAS, the Servicer is willing to service all such receivables; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

Definitions

SECTION 1.1. Definitions. Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the following meanings:

Adjusted Pool Balance means, (i) for any Distribution Date, the Pool Balance as of the end of the previous
Collection Period (and, for the first Distribution Date, as of the Cutoff Date) less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount with respect to such Distribution Date and (ii) with regard to the Cutoff Date, the Pool Balance as of the
Cutoff Date less the Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount as of the Cutoff Date. 

Accountants Report
means the report of a firm of nationally recognized Independent Accountants described in Section 4.11. 

Accounting
Date means, with respect to any Collection Period the last day of such Collection Period. 

ADR Organization
means The American Arbitration Association or, if The American Arbitration Association no longer exists or if its ADR Rules would no longer permit mediation or arbitration, as applicable, of the dispute, another nationally recognized mediation or
arbitration organization selected by GM Financial. 

ADR Rules means the relevant rules of the ADR Organization for
mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding arbitration, as applicable, of commercial disputes in effect at the time of the mediation or arbitration. 

Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person
controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person,
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 

Aggregate Principal Balance means, with respect to any date of determination, the sum of the Principal Balances for all
Receivables (other than (i) any Receivable that became a Liquidated Receivable prior to the end of the related Collection Period and (ii) any Receivable that became a Purchased Receivable prior to the end of the related Collection Period)
as of the date of determination. 

Agreement means this Sale and Servicing Agreement, as the same may be amended and
supplemented from time to time. 

Amount Financed means, with respect to a Receivable, the aggregate amount advanced
under such Receivable toward the purchase price of the Financed Vehicle and any related costs, including amounts advanced in respect of accessories, insurance premiums, service contracts, car club and warranty contracts, other items customarily
financed as part of motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts or promissory notes, and related costs. 

Annual Percentage
Rate or APR of a Receivable means the annual percentage rate of finance charges or service charges, as stated in the related Contract. 

Asset Representations Review Agreement means the Asset Representations Review Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025,
by and among the Issuer, the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer. 

Asset Representations Reviewer means
Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Asset Review means, for any Asset Review
Notice, the performance by the Asset Representations Reviewer of each Asset Test stated in Schedule A to the Asset Representations Review Agreement for each Asset Review Receivable. 

Asset Review Notice means the notice from the Trustee to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer directing the
Asset Representations Reviewer to perform an Asset Review under Section 3.4 of the Asset Representations Review Agreement. 

Asset Review Receivable means, for any Asset Review, each Receivable that is not a Liquidated Receivable and with respect
to which the related Obligor failed to make at least 90% of the related Scheduled Receivables Payment by the date on which it was due and, as of the last day of the Collection Period prior to the date the related Asset Review Notice was delivered,
remained unpaid for sixty (60) days or more from the original payment due date. 

Asset Test means, for an Asset
Review, each Test, as defined in the Asset Representations Review Agreement, in Schedule A to the Asset Representations Review Agreement to be performed by the Asset Representations Reviewer on the related Asset Review Receivables. 

2 

Available Funds means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the sum of
(without duplication) (i) the Collected Funds for the related Collection Period, plus (ii) all Purchase Amounts deposited in the Trust Accounts during the related Collection Period, plus (iii) Investment Earnings with
respect to the Trust Accounts for the related Collection Period, plus (iv) following the acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Indenture, the amount of money or property collected pursuant to Section 5.3 of
the Indenture since the preceding Distribution Date by the Trust Collateral Agent for distribution pursuant to Section 5.6 and Section 5.8 of the Indenture, plus (v) the proceeds of any purchase or sale of the assets of the
Trust described in Section 10.1 plus (vi) amounts, if any, released from the Reserve Account pursuant to Section 5.8(c) on such Distribution Date. 

Base Servicing Fee means, with respect to any Collection Period, the fee payable to the Servicer for services rendered
during such Collection Period, which shall be equal to the product of (i) the Servicing Fee Rate times (ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables as of the opening of business on the first day of such Collection Period
(or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, as of the opening of business on December 4, 2024) times(iii) one-twelfth (or, in the case of the first Distribution Date, a fraction equal to
(x) the number of days from and including December 4, 2024 through and including January 31, 2025, divided by (y) 360). 

Basic Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Trust, the Trust Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Indenture,
the Asset Representations Review Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement and other documents and certificates delivered in connection therewith. 

Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday, a legal holiday or other day on which commercial banking
institutions located in Wilmington, Delaware, Fort Worth, Texas, or New York, New York or any other location of any successor Servicer, successor Owner Trustee or successor Trust Collateral Agent are authorized or obligated by law, executive order
or governmental decree to be closed. 

Certificate means the trust certificate evidencing the beneficial interest of the
Certificateholder in the Trust. 

Certificate Distribution Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the Trust
Agreement. 

Certificateholder means the Person in whose name the Certificate is registered. 

Class means the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes, the Class A-4 Notes, the Class B Notes and/or the Class C Notes, as the context requires. 

Class A Notes means the Class A-1 Notes, the Class A-2-A Notes, the Class A-2-B Notes, the Class A-3 Notes and the Class A-4 Notes. 

Class A-1 Notes has
the meaning assigned to such term in the Indenture. 

3 

Class A-2 Notes has the meaning
assigned to such term in the Indenture. 

Class
A-2-A Notes has the meaning assigned to such term in the Indenture. 

Class A-2-B Notes has the meaning assigned
to such term in the Indenture. 

Class A-3 Notes has the meaning assigned to
such term in the Indenture. 

Class A-4 Notes has the meaning assigned to such
term in the Indenture. 

Class B Notes has the meaning assigned to such term in the Indenture. 

Class C Notes has the meaning assigned to such term in the Indenture. 

Closing Date means January 15, 2025. 

Collateral Insurance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.4(a). 

Collected Funds means, with respect to any Collection Period, the amount of funds in the Collection Account representing
collections on the Receivables during such Collection Period, including all Net Liquidation Proceeds collected during such Collection Period (but excluding any Purchase Amounts). 

Collection Account means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(i).

Collection Period means, with respect to the first Distribution Date, the period beginning as of the close of business
on December 3, 2024 and ending as of the close of business on January 31, 2025. With respect to each subsequent Distribution Date, Collection Period means the period beginning as of the close of business on the last day of the
second preceding calendar month and ending as of the close of business on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month. Any amount stated as of the close of business shall give effect to the following calculations as
determined as of the end of the day on such day: (i) all applications of collections and (ii) all distributions. 

Collection Records means all manually prepared or computer generated records relating to collection efforts or payment
histories with respect to the Receivables. 

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Contract means a motor vehicle retail installment sale contract or promissory note. 

Controlling Class means, (i) the Class A Notes so long as any class of the Class A Notes are Outstanding,
(ii) if no class of Class A Notes is Outstanding, the Class B Notes, or (iii) if no Class A Notes or Class B Notes are Outstanding, the Class C Notes. 

Controlling Party means the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Noteholders. 

4 

Corporate Trust Office means (i) with respect to the Owner Trustee,
the principal corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee, which at the time of execution of this agreement is Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration and
(ii) with respect to the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent (a) solely with respect to the transfer, surrender, exchange or presentation for final payment of the Notes, 480 Washington Boulevard, 16th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey
07310, Attention: Citibank Agency & Trust - GMCAR 2025-1 and (b) for all other purposes, the principal office thereof at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be
administered, which at the time of execution of this agreement is 388 Greenwich Street Tower, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10013, Attention: Citibank Agency & Trust - GMCAR 2025-1.

Cram Down Loss means, with respect to a Receivable that has not become a Liquidated Receivable, if the Servicer expects the
Principal Balance or effective rate of interest on the Contract to be reduced by a court of appropriate jurisdiction in a proceeding related to an Insolvency Event, the Servicers estimate of the reduction in the Principal Balance that will be
so ordered by the court. 

Credit Risk Retention Rules shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.9(a). 

Custodian means GM Financial and any other Person named from time to time as custodian hereunder acting as agent for the
Trust Collateral Agent, which Person must be acceptable to the Controlling Party (the Custodian as of the Closing Date is acceptable to the Controlling Party). 

Cutoff Date means December 3, 2024. 

DBRS means DBRS, Inc. or its successor. 

Dealer means a dealer who sold a Financed Vehicle and who originated and assigned the respective Receivable to GM Financial
or an Originating Affiliate under a Dealer Agreement or pursuant to a Dealer Assignment. 

Dealer Agreement means any
agreement between a Dealer and GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate relating to the acquisition of Receivables from a Dealer by GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate. 

Dealer Assignment means, with respect to a Receivable, the executed assignment executed by a Dealer conveying such
Receivable to GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate. 

Delinquency Rate means, for any Collection Period,
(i) the aggregate Principal Balance of all Delinquent Receivables as of the end of such Collection Period divided by (ii) the Pool Balance as of the end of such Collection Period. 

Delinquency Trigger means, that (i) as of the end of any of the first through twelfth Collection Periods, the
Delinquency Rate exceeds 1.10%, (ii) as of the end of any of the thirteenth through twenty-fourth Collection Periods, the Delinquency Rate exceeds 1.80%, (iii) as of the end of any of the twenty-fifth through thirty-sixth Collection Periods, the
Delinquency Rate exceeds 2.80% or (iv) as of the end of any subsequent Collection Period, the Delinquency Rate exceeds 4.90%. 

5 

Delinquent Receivable means any Receivable that is not (i) a
Liquidated Receivable or (ii) a Receivable with respect to which the Servicer has repossessed the related Financed Vehicle, and which the related Obligor fails to make at least 90% of the related Scheduled Receivables Payment by the date on
which it is due and remains unpaid for more than sixty (60) days from the original payment due date. 

Delivery
when used with respect to Trust Account Property means: 

(a) with respect to bankers acceptances, commercial paper, negotiable
certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute instruments within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC and are susceptible of physical delivery, transfer thereof to
the Trust Collateral Agent by physical delivery to the Trust Collateral Agent endorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trust Collateral Agent or endorsed in blank, and, with respect to a certificated security (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC), transfer thereof (i) by delivery thereof to the Trust Collateral Agent of such certificated security endorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Trust Collateral Agent
or (ii) by delivery thereof to a clearing corporation (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC) and the making by such clearing corporation of appropriate entries on its books
reducing the appropriate securities account of the transferor and increasing the appropriate securities account of the Trust Collateral Agent by the amount of such certificated security and the identification by the clearing corporation of the
certificated securities for the sole and exclusive account of the Trust Collateral Agent (all of the foregoing, Physical Property), and, in any event, any such Physical Property in registered form shall be in the name of the Trust
Collateral Agent or its nominee; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete transfer of ownership of any such Trust Account Property to the Trust Collateral Agent or its nominee or
custodian, consistent with changes in applicable law or regulations or the interpretation thereof; 

(b) with respect to any security issued
by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or by the Federal National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to federal book-entry regulations, the
following procedures, all in accordance with applicable law, including applicable federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC: book-entry registration of such Trust Account Property to an appropriate book-entry account maintained with a
Federal Reserve Bank by a securities intermediary that is also a depository pursuant to applicable federal regulations; the making by such securities intermediary of entries in its books and records crediting such Trust Account Property
to the Trust Collateral Agents securities account at the securities intermediary and identifying such book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to federal book-entry regulations as belonging to the Trust Collateral
Agent; and such additional or alternative procedures as may hereafter become appropriate to effect complete transfer of ownership of any such Trust Account Property to the Trust Collateral Agent, consistent with changes in applicable law or
regulations or the interpretation thereof; 

(c) with respect to any item of Trust Account Property that is an uncertificated security under
Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed by clause (b) above, registration on the books and records of the issuer thereof in the name of the Trust Collateral Agent or its nominee or custodian who either (i) becomes the registered
owner on behalf of the Trust Collateral Agent or (ii) having previously become the registered owner, acknowledges that it holds for the Trust Collateral Agent; and 

6 

(d) with respect to any item of Trust Account Property that is a financial asset under
Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed by clause (b) above, causing the securities intermediary to indicate on its books and records that such financial asset has been credited to a securities account of the Trust Collateral Agent. 

Depositor means the Seller. 

Determination Date means, with respect to any Collection Period, the second Business Day prior to the related Distribution
Date. 

Distribution Date means, with respect to each Collection Period, the sixteenth (16th) day of the following
calendar month, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day, commencing February 18, 2025. If GM Financial is no longer acting as Servicer, the distribution date may be a different day of the month. 

Electronic Chattel Paper Sub-Custodian means DealerTrack, Inc., RouteOne LLC or
another econtracting facilitator engaged by the Servicer. 

Electronic Ledger means the electronic master record of the
retail installment sale contracts or installment loans of the Servicer. 

Eligible Deposit Account means a segregated
trust account with the corporate trust department of a depository institution organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), having corporate trust powers and acting as trustee for
funds deposited in such account, so long as (a) the long-term unsecured debt of such depository institution shall have a credit rating from Fitch of at least A and from Moodys of at least Baa2 and (b) such depository
institutions deposits are insured by the FDIC. 

Eligible Investments mean book-entry securities, negotiable
instruments or securities represented by instruments in bearer or registered form which evidence: 

(a) direct obligations of, and
obligations fully guaranteed as to timely payment by, the United States of America; 

(b) demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of
deposit of any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank) and subject to supervision and examination by federal or State banking or
depository institution authorities (including depository receipts issued by any such institution or trust company as custodian with respect to any obligation referred to in clause (a) above or portion of such obligation for the benefit of the
holders of such depository receipts); provided, however, that at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein (which shall be deemed to be made again each time funds are reinvested following each Distribution Date),
the commercial paper or other short-term senior unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such depository institution or trust company) of such depository institution or
trust company shall have a credit rating from Standard & Poors of A-1+, from Moodys of Prime-1, and to the extent rated by DBRS or Fitch, from DBRS
of R-1 (middle) and from Fitch of F1+; provided, that, if the Notes are rated by Fitch, such demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of deposit eligible under this clause (b) shall have a credit
rating from Fitch of F1+; 

7 

(c) commercial paper and demand notes investing solely in commercial paper having, at the
time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a rating from Standard & Poors of A-1+, from Moodys of Prime-1, and to the
extent rated by DBRS or Fitch, from DBRS of R-1 (middle) and from Fitch of F1+, provided, that, if the Notes are rated by Fitch, such commercial paper and demand notes investing solely in commercial paper
eligible under this clause (c) shall have a credit rating from Fitch of F1+; 

(d) investments in money market funds (including funds
for which the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee in each of their individual capacities or any of their respective Affiliates is investment manager, controlling party or advisor) having a rating from Standard & Poors of AAA-m or AAAm-G, from Moodys of Aaa and, to the extent the Notes are rated by Fitch, such investments in money market funds eligible under this clause (d) shall
have a credit rating from Fitch of AAAmmf or from Moodys of Aaa-mf;

(e) bankers
acceptances issued by any depository institution or trust company referred to in clause (b) above; 

(f) repurchase obligations with
respect to any security that is a direct obligation of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America,
in either case entered into with a depository institution or trust company (acting as principal) referred to in clause (b) above; 

(g)
any other investment which would satisfy the Rating Agency Condition and is consistent with the ratings of the Notes or any other investment that by its terms converts to cash within a finite period, if the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied with
respect thereto; and 

(h) cash denominated in United States dollars. 

Any of the foregoing Eligible Investments may be purchased by or through the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or any of their respective
Affiliates. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York currently at
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or at such other page as may replace such page on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Final Scheduled Distribution Date means with respect to (i) the Class A-1
Notes, the January 16, 2026 Distribution Date, (ii) the Class A-2-A Notes, the January 18, 2028 Distribution Date, (iii) the Class A-2-B Notes, the January 18, 2028 Distribution Date, (iv) the Class A-3 Notes, the December 17, 2029
Distribution Date, (v) the Class A-4 Notes, the August 16, 2030 Distribution Date, (vi) the Class B Notes, the August 16, 2030 Distribution Date and (vii) the Class C
Notes, the July 16, 2032 Distribution Date. 

8 

Financed Vehicle means an automobile or light-duty truck or utility
vehicle, together with all accessions thereto, securing an Obligors Indebtedness under the respective Receivable. 

First
Priority Principal Distribution Amount means, with respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes as of such Distribution Date (before giving
effect to any principal payments made on the Class A Notes on such Distribution Date), over (b) the Adjusted Pool Balance for such Distribution Date; provided, however, that (i) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the
Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the Class A-1 Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-1
Notes to zero; (ii) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the Class A-2 Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the
aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A-2 Notes to zero; (iii) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the
Class A-3 Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-3 Notes to zero; and (iv) the First
Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the Class A-4 Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the Outstanding Amount of the Class A-4 Notes to zero. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. or its successor. 

Force Majeure Event means an act of God or other forces beyond control, acts of declared or undeclared war (including acts
of terrorism), civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes, public disorder, strikes, work stoppages, rebellion or sabotage, interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, epidemics, pandemics, landslides, lightning, fire,
hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or similar causes. 

Force-Placed Insurance shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4.4. 

General Motors Financial Company, Inc. means General Motors Financial Company, Inc. 

GM Financial means AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial or another GM Financial brand. 

Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2025, between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., as Trust
Collateral Agent and Trustee, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 

Independent Accountants
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.11(a). 

9 

Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the
filing of a petition against such Person or the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable
federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its
property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Persons affairs, and such petition, decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days; or
(b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the entry of an order for relief in an
involuntary case under any such law, or the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator, or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of
its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the
foregoing. 

Insurance Add-On Amount means the premium charged to the Obligor in
the event that the Servicer obtains Force-Placed Insurance pursuant to Section 4.4. 

Insurance Policy means, with
respect to a Receivable, any insurance policy (including the insurance policies described in Section 4.4) benefiting the holder of the Receivable providing loss or physical damage, credit life, credit disability, theft, mechanical breakdown or
similar coverage with respect to the Financed Vehicle or the Obligor. 

Interest Period means, with respect to any
Distribution Date, the period from and including the most recent Distribution Date on which interest has been paid (or in the case of the first Distribution Date, from and including the Closing Date) to, but excluding, the following Distribution
Date. 

Interest Rate means, with respect to: 

(a) the Class A-1 Notes, 4.395% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Interest Period); 

(b) the Class A-2-A Notes, 4.44% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months); 

(c) the
Class A-2-B Notes, the greater of (i) SOFR plus 0.33% per annum and (ii) 0.00% (computed on the basis of a 360-day year
and the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Interest Period); 

(d) the Class A-3
Notes, 4.62% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months); 

(e) the Class A-4 Notes, 4.73% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months); 

(f) the
Class B Notes, 5.00% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months); and 

10 

(g) the Class C Notes, 5.20% per annum (computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months). 

Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Investment Earnings means, with respect to any date of determination and Trust Accounts, the investment earnings on amounts
on deposit in such Trust Accounts on such date. 

Issuer means GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1.

Issuer Secured Parties means the Trustee in respect of the Trustee Issuer
Secured Obligations. 

Item 1122 Letter Agreement means the Item 1122 Letter Agreement, dated as of January 15,
2025, between the Servicer and Citibank, N.A., as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 

Lien
means a security interest, lien, charge, pledge, equity, or encumbrance of any kind, other than tax liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach to the respective Receivable by operation of law as a result of any act or omission by the
related Obligor. 

Lien Certificate means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle, an original certificate of title,
certificate of lien or other notification issued by the Registrar of Titles of the applicable State to a secured party which indicates that the lien of the secured party on the Financed Vehicle is recorded on the original certificate of title. In
any jurisdiction in which the original certificate of title is required to be given to the Obligor, the term Lien Certificate shall mean only a certificate or notification issued to a secured party. For Financed Vehicles registered in
States which issue confirmation of the lienholders interest electronically, the Lien Certificate may consist of notification of an electronic recordation, by either a third-party service provider or the relevant Registrar of Titles
of the applicable State, which indicates that the lien of the secured party on the Financed Vehicle is recorded on the original certificate of title on the electronic lien and title system of the applicable State. 

Liquidated Receivable means, with respect to any Collection Period, a Receivable for which, as of the last day of the
Collection Period (i) ninety (90) days have elapsed since the Servicer repossessed the related Financed Vehicle; provided, however, that in no case shall 10% or more of a Scheduled Receivables Payment have become two hundred ten
(210) or more days delinquent in the case of a repossessed Financed Vehicle, (ii) the Servicer has determined in good faith that all amounts it expects to recover have been received, (iii) 10% or more of a Scheduled Receivables Payment
shall have become one hundred twenty (120) or more days delinquent, except in the case of a repossessed Financed Vehicle, or (iv) that is, without duplication, a Sold Receivable. 

Liquidation Proceeds means, with respect to a Liquidated Receivable, all amounts realized with respect to such Receivable
and, with respect to a Sold Receivable, the related Sale Amount. 

11 

Majority Noteholders means the Holders of the Notes representing a
majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Class. 

Minimum Sale Price means (i) with respect to a
Receivable (x) that has become sixty (60) to two hundred ten (210) days delinquent or (y) that has become greater than two hundred ten (210) days delinquent and with respect to which the related Financed Vehicle has been
repossessed by the Servicer and has not yet been sold at auction, the greater of (A) the product of (1) 55% times (2) the Principal Balance of such Receivable and (B) the product of (1) the three month rolling average recovery
rate (expressed as a percentage) for the Servicer in its liquidation of all receivables for which it acts as servicer, either pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, times (2) the Principal Balance of such Receivable or (ii) with
respect to a Receivable (x) with respect to which the related Financed Vehicle has been repossessed by the Servicer and has been sold at auction and the Net Liquidation Proceeds for which have been deposited in the Collection Account, or
(y) that has become greater than two hundred ten (210) days delinquent and with respect to which the related Financed Vehicle has not been repossessed by the Servicer despite the Servicers diligent efforts, consistent with its
servicing obligations, to repossess the Financed Vehicle, $1. 

Monthly Records means all records and data maintained by
the Servicer with respect to the Receivables, including the following with respect to each Receivable: the account number; the originating Dealer; Obligor name; Obligor address; Obligor home phone number; Obligor business phone number; original
Principal Balance; original term; Annual Percentage Rate; current Principal Balance; current remaining term; origination date; first payment date; final scheduled payment date; next payment due date; date of most recent payment; new/used
classification; collateral description; days currently delinquent; number of contract extensions (months) to date; amount of Scheduled Receivables Payment; and past due late charges. 

Monthly Remittance Condition means, as of any date, that (i) GM Financial is the Servicer, (ii) GM Financial (or
General Motors Financial Company, Inc., for so long as it is an Affiliate of GM Financial) has a short-term unsecured debt rating of at least F1 by Fitch and at least P-1 by
Moodys and (iii) no Servicer Termination Event or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service, Inc. or its successor. 

Net Liquidation Proceeds means, with respect to a Liquidated Receivable, Liquidation Proceeds net of (i) reasonable
expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the collection of such Receivable and the repossession and disposition of the Financed Vehicle and (ii) amounts that are required to be refunded to the Obligor on such Receivable;
provided, however, that the Net Liquidation Proceeds with respect to any Receivable shall in no event be less than zero. 

Note Distribution Account means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to
Section 5.1(a)(ii). 

Note Pool Factor for each Class of Notes as of the close of business on any date of
determination means a seven-digit decimal figure equal to the Outstanding Amount of such Class of Notes divided by the original Outstanding Amount of such Class of Notes. 

12 

Noteholders Interest Carryover Amount means, with respect to any
Class of Notes and any date of determination, all or any portion of the Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount for such Class of Notes for the immediately preceding Distribution Date which remains unpaid as of such date of
determination, plus interest on such unpaid amount, to the extent permitted by law, at the respective Interest Rate borne by the applicable Class of Notes from such immediately preceding Distribution Date to but excluding such date of
determination. 

Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Distribution Date and
Class of Notes, the sum of (i) the Noteholders Monthly Interest Distributable Amount for such Distribution Date plus (ii) each Class of Notes and the Noteholders Interest Carryover Amount, if any for such
Distribution Date and each such Class. Interest on the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes shall be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Interest Period; interest on all other Classes of Notes shall be computed on the basis of a
360-day year consisting of twelve (12) 30-day months. 

Noteholders Monthly Interest Distributable Amount means, with respect to any Distribution Date and any Class of
Notes, interest accrued at the respective Interest Rate during the applicable Interest Period on the principal amount of the Notes of such Class Outstanding as of the end of the prior Distribution Date (or, in the case of the first Distribution
Date, as of the Closing Date), calculated (x) for the Class A-1 Notes and the Class A-2-B Notes on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Interest Period and (y) for all other Classes of Notes on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of
twelve (12) 30-day months (without adjustment for the actual number of business days elapsed in the applicable Interest Period), except with respect to the first Interest Period. 

Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount for a Distribution Date will equal the lesser of: 

(a) the excess, if any, of the amount of Available Funds on such Distribution Date over the amounts payable on such
Distribution Date pursuant to clauses (i) through (ix) of Section 5.7(a); and 

(b) the excess, if any, on such
Distribution Date of (i) the Pro Forma Note Balance for such Distribution Date over (ii) the Required Pro Forma Note Balance for such Distribution Date. 

Obligor on a Receivable means the purchaser or co-purchasers of the Financed
Vehicle and any other Person who owes payments under the Receivable. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate
signed by the chief executive officer, the president, any executive vice president, any senior vice president, any vice president, any assistant vice president, any treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any secretary or any assistant secretary of the
Seller or the Servicer, as appropriate. 

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel satisfactory in form and
substance to the recipient(s) thereof. 

Original Pool Balance means the Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date. 

13 

Originating Affiliate means an Affiliate of GM Financial that has
originated Receivables and assigned its full interest therein to GM Financial. 

Other Conveyed Property means all
property conveyed by the Seller to the Trust pursuant to Section 2.1(b) through (i). 

Owner Trust Estate has the
meaning assigned to such term in the Trust Agreement. 

Owner Trustee means Wilmington Trust Company, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement, its successors in interest or any successor Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement. 

Person means any individual, corporation, estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust
(including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Physical Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Delivery above. 

Pool Balance means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate Principal Balance of the Receivables (excluding
Purchased Receivables and Liquidated Receivables) at the end of the preceding calendar month. 

Principal Balance means,
with respect to any Receivable, as of any date, the Amount Financed minus (i) that portion of all amounts received on or prior to such date and allocable to principal in accordance with the terms of the Receivable minus
(ii) any Cram Down Loss in respect of such Receivable. 

Pro Forma Note Balance means, with respect to any
Distribution Date, the aggregate remaining principal amount of the Notes Outstanding on such Distribution Date, after giving effect to distributions pursuant to clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 5.7(a) hereof. 

Prospectus means the prospectus, dated January 9, 2025, relating to the offering of the Offered Notes, as filed with
the Commission. 

Purchase Agreement means the Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, between the Seller
and GM Financial, pursuant to which the Seller acquires the Receivables, as such agreement may be amended from time to time. 

Purchase Amount means, with respect to a Purchased Receivable, the Principal Balance and all accrued and unpaid interest on
the Receivable, after giving effect to the receipt of any moneys collected (from whatever source) on such Receivable, if any. 

Purchased Receivable means a Receivable purchased as of the close of business on the last day of a Collection Period by the
Servicer pursuant to Sections 4.2, 4.4(c) or 4.7, or repurchased by the Seller or the Servicer pursuant to Section 3.2 or Section 10.1(a). 

14 

Rating Agency means Fitch and Moodys. If no such organization or
successor maintains a rating on the Notes, Rating Agency shall be a nationally recognized statistical rating organization or other comparable Person engaged by the Seller, notice of which engagement shall be given to the Trust Collateral
Agent, the Owner Trustee and the Servicer. 

Rating Agency Condition means, with respect to any action, that each Rating
Agency shall have been given ten (10) days (or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to each Rating Agency) prior notice thereof by GM Financial and such Rating Agency has not notified the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee and
the Trust Collateral Agent (or the Trustee, as applicable) in writing that such action will result in a reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating of any Class of Notes. 

Realized Losses means, with respect to any Receivable that becomes a Liquidated Receivable, the excess of the Principal
Balance of such Liquidated Receivable over Net Liquidation Proceeds to the extent allocable to principal. 

Receivable
Files means the documents specified in Section 3.3. 

Receivables means the Contracts listed on Schedule
A attached hereto (which Schedule may be in an electronic format). 

Record Date means, with respect to a Distribution
Date or a Redemption Date, the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Distribution Date or Redemption Date, unless otherwise specified in the Indenture. 

Registrar of Titles means, with respect to any State, the governmental agency or body responsible for the registration of,
and the issuance of certificates of title relating to, motor vehicles and liens thereon. 

Regulation AB means Subpart
229.1100- Asset Backed Securities (Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. 229.1100-229.1125, as such may be amended from time to time and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have been provided
by the Commission in the adopting releases (Asset-Backed Securities, Securities Act Release No. 33-8518, 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506,1,531 (January 7, 2005) and Asset-Backed Securities Disclosure and Registration,
Securities Act Release No. 33-9638, 79 Fed. Reg. 57,184 (September 24, 2014)) or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by the Commission or its staff from time to time. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 

Requesting Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(a). 

Required Pro Forma Note Balance means, with respect to any Distribution Date, a dollar amount equal to (x) the
Adjusted Pool Balance as of the end of the prior calendar month minus (y) 2.75% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date. 

15 

Required Rate means (a) 7.65%, with respect to the Cutoff Date and any
Distribution Date on or prior to the date on which the Class A-2-B Notes are paid in full, or, (b) 6.65%, with respect to any Distribution Date after the Class A-2-B Notes are paid in full, or, in each case, such other percentage approved by the Rating Agencies. 

Reserve Account means the account designated as such, established and maintained pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(iii). 

Reserve Account Deposit Amount means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the lesser of (x) the excess of
(i) the Specified Reserve Balance over (ii) the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account on such Distribution Date, after taking into account the amount of any Reserve Account Withdrawal Amount on such Distribution Date and (y) the
amount remaining in the Collection Account after taking into account the distributions therefrom described in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 5.7(a). 

Reserve Account Withdrawal Amount means, with respect to any Distribution Date, the lesser of (x) any shortfall in the
amount of Available Funds available to pay the amounts specified in clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 5.7(a) (taking into account application of Available Funds to the priority of payments specified in Section 5.7(a) and ignoring
any provision hereof which otherwise limits the amounts described in such clauses to the amount of funds available) and (y) the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account on such Distribution Date prior to application of amounts on deposit
therein pursuant to Section 5.8. 

Responsible Officer means, with respect to any Person, any Executive Vice
President, Senior Vice President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or any other officer of such Person customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the
above designated officers and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 

Retained Interest shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.17(a). 

Sale Amount means, with respect to any Sold Receivable, the amount received from the related third-party purchaser as
payment for such Sold Receivable. 

Sale and Servicing Agreement Collateral shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.4. 

Schedule of Receivables means the schedule of all motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts
and promissory notes originally held as part of the Trust which is attached as Schedule A (which Schedule may be in the form of microfiche or a disk). 

Scheduled Receivables Payment means, with respect to any Collection Period for any Receivable, the amount set forth in such
Receivable as required to be paid by the Obligor in such Collection Period. If after the Closing Date, the Obligors obligation under a Receivable with respect to a Collection Period has been modified so as to differ from the amount specified
in such Receivable as a result of (i) the order of a court in an insolvency proceeding involving the Obligor, (ii) pursuant to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act or (iii) modifications or extensions of the Receivable permitted by
Section 4.2(b), the Scheduled Receivables Payment with respect to such Collection Period shall refer to the Obligors payment obligation with respect to such Collection Period as so modified. 

16 

Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount means, with respect to any
Distribution Date, an amount equal to (a) the excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and Class B Notes as of such Distribution Date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the
Class A Notes and Class B Notes on such Distribution Date), over (ii) the Adjusted Pool Balance for such Distribution Date minus (b) the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount for such Distribution Date; provided,
however, that the Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the Class B Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce the Outstanding Amount of the Class B Notes to
zero. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended to the date hereof and from time to time hereafter,
and any successor statute. 

Seller means AFS SenSub Corp., a Nevada corporation, and its successors in interest to the
extent permitted hereunder. 

Service Contract means, with respect to a Financed Vehicle, the agreement, if any,
financed under the related Receivable that provides for the repair of such Financed Vehicle. 

Servicer means GM
Financial, as the servicer of the Receivables, and each successor servicer pursuant to Section 9.3. 

Servicer Termination
Event means an event specified in Section 9.1. 

Servicers Certificate means an Officers
Certificate of the Servicer delivered pursuant to Section 4.9, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 

Servicing
Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.8. 

Servicing Fee Rate means 1.00% per annum. 

Servicing Policies and Procedures means the customary servicing policies and procedures of GM Financial relating to motor
vehicle retail installment sales contracts or promissory notes made by GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate or acquired by GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate, as such policies and procedures may be updated from time to time. 

Simple Interest Method means the method of allocating a fixed level payment on an obligation between principal and
interest, pursuant to which the portion of such payment that is allocated to interest is equal to the product of (i) the fixed rate of interest on such obligation times (ii) the period of time (expressed as a fraction of a year,
based on the actual number of days in the calendar month and 365 days in the calendar year) elapsed since the preceding payment under the obligation was made. 

17 

SOFR means, for any Interest Period, the following rate, as determined by
the Trust Collateral Agent (subject to the provisions of Section 5.10 herein): 

(a) 

the compounded average of the secured overnight financing rate over a rolling
30-calendar day period, as such rate is published by the Relevant Governmental Body on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website under 30-Day Average
SOFR at 3:00 p.m., New York time, on the related SOFR Determination Date; or 

(b) 

if the rate described in clause (a) of this definition does not appear on the Federal Reserve Bank of New
Yorks Website on the related SOFR Determination Date (including due to a discontinuance of such rate), the rate determined pursuant to clause (a) of this definition on the first preceding SOFR Determination Date for which such rate was
published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website under 30-Day Average SOFR, which rate shall remain in effect until (i) the next succeeding SOFR Determination Date for which
the rate described in clause (a) of this definition can be determined as described therein, if any, or (ii) GM Financial adopts an alternative benchmark rate that aligns with the current market practice for other similar asset-backed
floating rate notes. 

SOFR Business Day means a business day determined in accordance with the SOFR
publication calendar of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

SOFR Determination Date means, with respect to an
Interest Period, the date that is two (2) SOFR Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period. 

Sold
Receivable means a Receivable that was more than sixty (60) days delinquent and was sold to an unaffiliated third party by the Issuer, at the Servicers direction, as of the close of business on the last day of a Collection
Period and in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.3(c). 

Specified Reserve Balance means, with respect to
any Distribution Date, an amount equal to 0.25% of the Adjusted Pool Balance as of the Cutoff Date; provided, that the Specified Reserve Balance will in no event exceed the Outstanding Amount of the Notes on such Distribution Date after
giving effect to distributions pursuant to clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 5.7(a). 

Standard & Poors means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., or its
successor. 

State means any one of the fifty (50) states of the United States of America and/or the District of
Columbia. 

Supplemental Servicing Fee means, with respect to any Collection Period, all administrative fees, expenses
and charges paid by or on behalf of Obligors, including late fees, prepayment fees and liquidation fees collected on the Receivables during such Collection Period but excluding any fees or expenses related to extensions. 

Third Priority Principal Distribution Amount means, with respect to any Distribution Date, an amount equal to (a) the
excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes as of such Distribution Date (before giving effect to any principal payments made on the Class A Notes,
Class B Notes and Class C Notes on such Distribution Date), over (ii) the Adjusted Pool Balance for such Distribution Date minus (b) the sum of the First Priority Principal Distribution Amount and Second Priority Principal
Distribution Amount for such Distribution Date; provided, however, that the Third Priority Principal Distribution Amount on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the Class C Notes shall not be less than the amount that is necessary to reduce
the Outstanding Amount of the Class C Notes to zero. 

18 

Total Available Funds shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.7(a). 

Trust means the Issuer. 

Trust Account Property means the Trust Accounts, all amounts and investments held from time to time in any Trust Account
(whether in the form of deposit accounts, Physical Property, book-entry securities, uncertificated securities or otherwise), and all proceeds of the foregoing. 

Trust Accounts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. 

Trust Agreement means the Trust Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2024, between the Seller and the Owner Trustee, as
amended and restated as of January 15, 2025 as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 

Trust Collateral
Agent means the Person acting as Trust Collateral Agent hereunder, its successors in interest and any successor Trust Collateral Agent hereunder. 

Trust Property means the property and proceeds conveyed pursuant to Section 2.1, together with certain monies paid
after the Cutoff Date, the Collection Account (including all Eligible Investments therein and all proceeds therefrom), the Reserve Account (including all Eligible Investments therein and all proceeds therefrom), the Note Distribution Account
(including all Eligible Investments therein and all proceeds therefrom) and certain other rights under this Agreement. 

Trustee means the Person acting as Trustee under the Indenture, its successors in interest and any successor trustee under
the Indenture. 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the relevant jurisdiction on the date of the
Agreement. 

Underwriter means each of Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, Academy Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. 

Underwriting Agreement means the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2025, among the Seller, the Servicer
and Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., on its own behalf and as the representative of the Underwriters. 

19 

Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount means with respect to any
calendar month and the related Distribution Date, or with respect to the Cutoff Date, the aggregate amount by which the Principal Balance as of the last day of such calendar month or the Cutoff Date, as applicable, of each of the related Receivables
with an Annual Percentage Rate as stated in the related Contract is less than the Required Rate, other than a Liquidated Receivable, exceeds the present value, calculated using a discount rate equal to the Required Rate, of each Scheduled
Receivables Payment of each such Receivable assuming such Scheduled Receivables Payment is made on the last day of each month and each month has thirty (30) days. 

SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions. 

(a) Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have meanings assigned to them in the Indenture, or, if not defined therein,
in the Trust Agreement. 

(b) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any instrument governed
hereby and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. 

(c) As used in this
Agreement, in any instrument governed hereby and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting terms not defined in this Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other document, and
accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other document to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the
date of this Agreement or any such instrument, certificate or other document, as applicable. To the extent that the definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other document are inconsistent with the
meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting principles, the definitions contained in this Agreement or in any such instrument, certificate or other document shall control. 

(d) The words hereof, herein, hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer
to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; Section, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in this Agreement are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise
specified; and the term including shall mean including without limitation. 

(e) The definitions contained in this
Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms. 

(f) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith
means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented and includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein; references to a
Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns. 

20 

ARTICLE II 

Conveyance of Receivables 

SECTION 2.1. Conveyance of Receivables. In consideration of the Issuers delivery to or upon the order of the Seller on the
Closing Date of an amount equal to the book value of the Receivables sold by the Seller, as set forth on the books and records of the Seller, the Seller does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Issuer, without
recourse (subject to the Sellers obligations set forth herein) and the Issuer hereby purchases, all right, title and interest of the Seller in and to the property listed in clauses (a) (i) below, whether now owned or existing or
hereafter acquired or arising. The foregoing consideration will be paid by the Issuer using net proceeds from the sale of the Notes and the other amounts to be distributed from time to time to the Seller in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement and the balance will be deemed a capital contribution from the Seller to the Issuer. 

(a) the Receivables and all moneys received
thereon after the Cutoff Date; 

(b) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any
other interest of the Seller in such Financed Vehicles; 

(c) any proceeds and the right to receive proceeds with respect to the Receivables
from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors and any proceeds from the liquidation of the Receivables; 

(d) any proceeds from any Receivable repurchased by a Dealer pursuant to a Dealer Agreement as a result of a breach of representation or
warranty in the related Dealer Agreement; 

(e) all rights under any Service Contracts on the related Financed Vehicles; 

(f) the related Receivable Files; 

(g) all of the Sellers right, title and interest in its rights and benefits, but none of its obligations or burdens, under the Purchase
Agreement, and the delivery requirements, representations and warranties and the cure and repurchase obligations of GM Financial under the Purchase Agreement; 

(h) all of the Sellers (i) Accounts, (ii) Chattel Paper, (iii) Documents, (iv) Instruments and (v) General Intangibles (as
such terms are defined in the UCC) relating to the property described in (a) through (g); and 

(i) all proceeds and investments with
respect to items (a) through (h). 

SECTION 2.2. [Reserved]

SECTION 2.3. Further Encumbrance of Trust Property. 

(a) Immediately upon the conveyance to the Trust by the Seller of any item of the Trust Property pursuant to Section 2.1, all right, title
and interest of the Seller in and to such item of Trust Property shall terminate, and all such right, title and interest shall vest in the Trust, in accordance with the Trust Agreement and Sections 3802 and 3805 of the Statutory Trust Statute (as
defined in the Trust Agreement). 

21 

(b) Immediately upon the vesting of the Trust Property in the Trust, the Trust shall have
the sole right to pledge or otherwise encumber, such Trust Property. Pursuant to the Indenture, the Trust shall grant a security interest in the Trust Property to the Trust Collateral Agent securing the repayment of the Notes. The Certificate shall
represent the beneficial ownership interest in the Trust Property, and the Certificateholder shall be entitled to receive distributions with respect thereto as set forth herein. 

(c) Following the payment in full of the Notes and the release and discharge of the Indenture, all covenants of the Issuer under Article III of
the Indenture shall, until payment in full of the Certificate, remain as covenants of the Issuer for the benefit of the Certificateholder, enforceable by the Certificateholder to the same extent as such covenants were enforceable by the Noteholders
prior to the discharge of the Indenture. Any rights of the Trustee under Article III of the Indenture, following the discharge of the Indenture, shall vest in the Certificateholder. 

(d) The Trust Collateral Agent shall, at such time as there are no Notes or Certificate outstanding and all sums due to the Trustee and the
Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Basic Documents have been paid, execute such documents as are reasonably provided to it by the Seller (which documents shall be prepared at the Sellers expense) in order to release any remaining portion
of the Trust Property to the Seller. 

SECTION 2.4. Intention of the Parties. 

The execution and delivery of this Agreement shall constitute an acknowledgment by the Seller and the Issuer that they intend that the
assignment and transfer herein contemplated constitute a sale and assignment outright, and not for security, of the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property, for non-tax purposes, conveying good title thereto
free and clear of any Liens, from the Seller to the Issuer, and that the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property shall not be a part of the Sellers estate in the event of a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation
proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or State bankruptcy or similar law, or the occurrence of another similar event, of, or with respect to the Seller. In the event that such conveyance is determined to be made as security for a loan
made by the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Certificateholder to the Seller, the Seller hereby grants to the Issuer a security interest in all of the Sellers right, title and interest in and to the following property for the benefit of the
Issuer Secured Parties, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, and this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law (collectively, the Sale and Servicing Agreement Collateral):

(a) the Receivables and all moneys received thereon after the Cutoff Date; 

(b) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any other interest of the Seller in
such Financed Vehicles; 

22 

(c) any proceeds and the right to receive proceeds with respect to the Receivables from
claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors and any proceeds from the liquidation of the Receivables; 

(d) any proceeds from any Receivable repurchased by a Dealer pursuant to a Dealer Agreement as a result of a breach of representation or
warranty in the related Dealer Agreement; 

(e) all rights under any Service Contracts on the related Financed Vehicles; 

(f) the related Receivable Files; 

(g) all of the Sellers right, title and interest in its rights and benefits, but none of its obligations or burdens, under the Purchase
Agreement, and the delivery requirements, representations and warranties and the cure and repurchase obligations of GM Financial under the Purchase Agreement; 

(h) all of the Sellers (i) Accounts, (ii) Chattel Paper, (iii) Documents, (iv) Instruments and (v) General Intangibles (as
such terms are defined in the UCC) relating to the property described in (a) through (g); and 

(i) all proceeds and investments with
respect to items (a) through (h). 

ARTICLE III 

The Receivables 

SECTION
3.1. Representations and Warranties of Seller.

(a) The Seller hereby represents and warrants that each of the
representations and warranties regarding the Receivables that are set forth in Schedule B-1 is true and correct and that the Issuer is deemed to have relied on such representations and warranties in acquiring
the Receivables. Such representations and warranties speak as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables to the Issuer and the pledge thereof to
the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture and shall not be waived. 

(b) The Seller hereby represents and warrants that each of
the representations and warranties regarding the pool of Receivables that are set forth in Schedule B-2 is true and correct and that the Issuer is deemed to have relied on such representations and warranties
in acquiring the Receivables. Such representations and warranties speak as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables to the Issuer and the
pledge thereof to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture and shall not be waived. 

23 

(c) The Seller hereby represents and warrants that each of the following representations and
warranties is true and correct and that the Issuer is deemed to have relied on such representations and warranties in acquiring the Receivables. Such representations and warranties speak as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date, but shall survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables to the Issuer and the pledge thereof to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture and shall not be waived: 

(i) to the best of the Sellers knowledge, each Receivable (a) that was originated by GM Financial was sold by GM
Financial to the Seller without any fraud or misrepresentation on the part of GM Financial and (b) that was originated by a Dealer was sold by the Dealer to GM Financial and by GM Financial to the Seller without any fraud or misrepresentation
on the part of such Dealer or GM Financial, respectively; 

(ii) no Receivable was originated in, or is subject to the laws
of, any jurisdiction the laws of which would make unlawful, void or voidable the sale, transfer and assignment of such Receivable under this Agreement or pursuant to transfers of the Notes; 

(iii) the Seller has not done anything to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person having a right to
payments due under the Receivables or otherwise to impair the rights of the Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Noteholders in any Receivable or the proceeds thereof. Other than the security interest granted to the Trust pursuant
to this Agreement and except any other security interests that have been fully released and discharged as of the Closing Date, the Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables.
The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Seller that include a description of collateral covering the Receivables other than any financing statement relating to the security interest
granted to the Trust hereunder or that has been terminated. The Seller is not aware of any judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against it; and 

(iv) no funds have been advanced by the Seller or anyone acting on behalf of GM Financial in order to cause any Receivable to
qualify under the representation and warranty set forth as paragraph 20(E) of Schedule B-1.

SECTION 3.2. Repurchase upon Breach. 

(a) The Seller, the Servicer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Trust or the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, shall inform, and
any Noteholder may inform, the other parties to this Agreement (or, in the case of notice provided by the Trustee or a Noteholder, all parties of this Agreement) promptly, by notice in writing, upon the discovery of any breach of the Sellers
representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 3.1(a) that materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in any Receivable. If Noteholders representing 5% or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling
Class inform the Trust Collateral Agent, by notice in writing, of any breach of the Sellers representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 3.1(a), the Trust Collateral Agent shall inform the other parties to this Agreement
in the manner specified in the preceding sentence on behalf of such Noteholders. Any such notice delivered by the Servicer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trust, the Trustee, any Noteholder or the Owner Trustee, as the case may be, shall constitute
a request by such party that the Seller repurchase the affected Receivable. As of the last day of the second (or, if the Seller so elects, the first) month following the discovery by the Seller or receipt by the Seller of notice of such breach,
unless such 

24 

breach is cured by such date, the Seller shall have an obligation to repurchase any Receivable in which the interests of the Noteholders are materially and adversely affected by any such breach
as of such date. The second month shall mean the month following the month in which discovery occurs or notice is given, and the first month shall mean the month in which discovery occurs or notice is given. In consideration
of and simultaneously with the repurchase of the Receivable, the Seller shall remit, or cause GM Financial to remit, to the Collection Account the Purchase Amount in the manner specified in Section 5.6(a) and the Issuer shall execute such
assignments and other documents reasonably requested by such Person in order to effect such repurchase. The sole remedy of the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or the Noteholders with respect to a breach of
representations and warranties pursuant to Section 3.1(a) and the agreement contained in this Section shall be the repurchase of Receivables pursuant to this Section, subject to the conditions contained herein or to enforce the obligation of GM
Financial to the Seller to repurchase such Receivables pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. None of the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee shall have a duty to conduct any affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of any
conditions requiring the repurchase of any Receivable pursuant to this Section. 

In addition to the foregoing and notwithstanding whether
the related Receivable shall have been purchased by the Seller, the Seller shall indemnify the Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the officers, directors, agents and employees thereof, and the Noteholders against all costs, expenses,
losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, which may be asserted against or incurred by any of them as a result of third-party claims arising out of the events or facts giving rise to such breach.

(b) Pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement, the Seller conveyed to the Trust all of the Sellers right, title and interest in
its rights and benefits, but none of its obligations or burdens, under the Purchase Agreement including the Sellers rights under the Purchase Agreement and the delivery requirements, representations and warranties and the cure or repurchase
obligations of GM Financial thereunder. The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Trust that such assignment is valid, enforceable and effective to permit the Trust to enforce such obligations of GM Financial under the Purchase Agreement. Any
purchase by GM Financial pursuant to the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed a purchase by the Seller pursuant to this Section 3.2 and the definition of Purchased Receivable. 

SECTION 3.3. Custody of Receivable Files. 

(a) In connection with the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Trust pursuant to this
Agreement and simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Trust Collateral Agent hereby revocably appoints the Custodian, and the Custodian hereby accepts such appointment, to act as the agent of the Trust Collateral Agent
as custodian of the following documents or instruments in its possession or control (the Receivable Files) which shall be delivered to the Custodian as agent of the Trust Collateral Agent on or before the Closing Date (with
respect to each Receivable): 

(i) The fully executed original (or with respect to electronic chattel paper, the
authoritative copy) of the Contract; and 

25 

(ii) The Lien Certificate (when received), and otherwise such documents, if
any, that GM Financial keeps on file in accordance with its customary procedures indicating that the Financed Vehicle is owned by the Obligor and subject to the interest of GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate (which may be accomplished by the
use of a properly registered doing business as (DBA) name in the applicable jurisdiction) as first lienholder or secured party (including any Lien Certificate received by GM Financial), or, if such Lien Certificate has
not yet been received, a copy of the application therefor or other documentation (which may include a dealer guaranty) that indicates that GM Financial has commenced procedures that will result in such Lien Certificate showing GM Financial or an
Originating Affiliate (which may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in the applicable jurisdiction) as secured party. 

The Receivable Files are constructively delivered to the Trust Collateral Agent, as pledgee of the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, and the
Custodian hereby, as of the Closing Date, acknowledges receipt of the Receivable File for each Receivable listed in Schedule A hereto. No initial review or any periodic review of the Receivable Files by the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the
Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent is required. 

(b) If the Trust Collateral Agent, or its agent, as the case may be, is acting as the
Custodian pursuant to Section 3.12, the Trust Collateral Agent, or its agent, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have assumed the obligations of the Custodian (except for any liabilities incurred by the predecessor Custodian) specified in
this Agreement until such time as a successor Custodian has been appointed. Upon payment in full of any Receivable, the Servicer will notify the Custodian pursuant to a certificate of an officer of the Servicer (which certificate shall include a
statement to the effect that all amounts received in connection with such payments which are required to be deposited in the Collection Account pursuant to Section 4.1 have been so deposited) and shall request delivery of the Receivable and
Receivable File to the Servicer; provided, that, no such certificate will be required to be delivered for so long as GM Financial is the Servicer. Upon the sale of any Receivable pursuant to Section 4.3(c), the Servicer (if GM
Financial is not the Servicer) will notify the Custodian pursuant to a certificate of an officer of the Servicer (which certificate shall include a statement to the effect that all amounts received in connection with such sale which are required to
be deposited in the Collection Account pursuant to Section 4.3(c) have been so deposited) and shall request delivery of the Receivable and Receivable File to the purchaser of such Receivable. From time to time as appropriate for servicing and
enforcing any Receivable, the Custodian shall, upon written request of an officer of the Servicer and delivery to the Custodian of a receipt signed by such officer, cause the original Receivable and the related Receivable File to be released to the
Servicer; provided, that, no such written request shall be required for so long as GM Financial is the Servicer. The Servicers receipt of a Receivable and/or Receivable File shall obligate the Servicer to return the original
Receivable and the related Receivable File to the Custodian when its need by the Servicer has ceased unless the Receivable is repurchased as described in Section 3.2, 4.2, 4.4(c) or 4.7. 

(c) The authoritative copy of each Contract that constitutes or evidences a Receivable which is electronic chattel paper (within
the meaning of the UCC) will be maintained by an Electronic Chattel Paper Sub-Custodian on behalf of the Custodian for the benefit of the Trust Collateral Agent. The Custodian will confirm that the
authoritative copy of each Contract that constitutes or evidences a Receivable which is electronic chattel paper does not have any marks 

26 

or notations indicating it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Trust Collateral Agent. The Custodian will confirm that each Contract which is
electronic chattel paper has been established in a manner such that (i) all copies or revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be made with the participation of the
Custodian on behalf of the Trust Collateral Agent and (ii) all revisions of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision. 

(d) The Servicer hereby agrees that upon any appointment of a successor Servicer hereunder it shall take all necessary action to transfer all
of its control of any Receivables consisting of electronic chattel paper to the applicable successor Servicer (including the transfer of such electronic chattel paper to a separate electronic vault at each Electronic Chattel Paper Sub-Custodian controlled by such successor Servicer or to a separate electronic vault at such successor Servicer or export of the electronic chattel paper from the applicable electronic vault and delivery of
physical copies of exported Contracts to the successor Servicer). 

(e) In its capacity as Custodian, the Servicer confirms that it is
acting solely as agent of the Trust Collateral Agent with respect to the Receivables which are electronic chattel paper. 

SECTION 3.4.
Maintenance and Safekeeping of the Receivable Files. The Custodian will accurately maintain and keep current the Receivable Files, including any computer systems on which the Receivable Files are electronically stored, all in a manner that
will permit the Servicer and the Issuer to comply with this Agreement and the Trust Collateral Agent to comply with the Indenture; provided, however, the Custodian may convert a Receivable that is tangible chattel paper to
electronic chattel paper and may convert a Receivable that is electronic chattel paper to tangible chattel paper. The Custodian will act with reasonable care, using that degree of skill and attention that the
Custodian would exercise with respect to files relating to comparable automotive or other receivables that it services or holds for itself or others. The Custodian shall promptly report to the Trust Collateral Agent in writing any failure on
its part to hold the Receivable Files and maintain its accounts, records and computer systems as herein provided and promptly take appropriate action to remedy any such failure.

SECTION 3.5. Location of Receivable Files. The Custodian will maintain the Receivable Files in the United States in such a manner as to
permit retrieval thereof and access thereto in the manner contemplated by this Agreement. The Custodians records will at all times indicate that it is holding the Receivable Files on behalf of the Trust, separate from any other instruments and
files that it holds. 

SECTION 3.6. Access to Records. The Custodian shall, subject only to the Custodians security
requirements applicable to its own employees and agents having access to similar records held by the Custodian, which requirements shall be consistent with the practices it exercises with respect to similar files and records relating to comparable
automotive or other receivables that it holds for itself or others, and at such times as may be reasonably imposed by the Custodian, permit only the Noteholders and the Trust Collateral Agent or their duly authorized representatives, attorneys or
auditors to inspect, at the Servicers expense, the Receivable Files and the related accounts, records, and computer systems maintained by the Custodian pursuant hereto at such times as the Noteholders or the Trust Collateral Agent may
reasonably request. 

27 

SECTION 3.7. Advice of Counsel. The Custodian shall be entitled to rely and act upon
advice of counsel with respect to its performance hereunder as Custodian and shall be without liability for any action reasonably taken pursuant to such advice, provided that such action is not in violation of applicable federal or State law. 

SECTION 3.8. Administration; Reports. The Custodian shall, in general, attend to all
non-discretionary details in connection with maintaining custody of the Receivable Files on behalf of the Trust Collateral Agent. In addition, the Custodian shall assist the Trust Collateral Agent
generally in the preparation of any routine reports to Noteholders or to regulatory bodies, to the extent necessitated by the Custodians custody of the Receivable Files. 

SECTION 3.9. Instructions; Authority to Act. The Custodian shall be deemed to have received proper instructions with respect to the
Receivable Files upon its receipt of written instructions signed by a Responsible Officer of the Trust Collateral Agent. Such instructions may be general or specific in terms. A copy of any such instructions shall be furnished by the Trust
Collateral Agent to the Trustee (if they are separate entities) and the Issuer. 

SECTION 3.10. Custodian Fee. For its services
under this Agreement, the Custodian shall be entitled to reasonable compensation to be paid by the Servicer. 

SECTION 3.11.
Indemnification by the Custodian. The Custodian agrees to indemnify the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee for any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damage, payments, costs or expenses of any kind
whatsoever (including the fees and expenses of counsel, which shall include any reasonable fees and expenses of counsel incurred by any indemnified party to enforce such indemnification obligation) that may be imposed on, incurred or asserted
against the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys and successors and assigns as the result of any act or omission in any way relating to the
maintenance and custody by the Custodian of the Receivable Files; provided, however, that the Custodian shall not be liable for any portion of any such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, payments or costs or expenses due to the
Issuers, the Owner Trustees, the Trust Collateral Agents or the Trustees or the officers, directors, employees and agents thereof own willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence. In no event
shall the Custodian be liable to any third party for acts or omissions of the Custodian. 

SECTION 3.12. Effective Period and
Termination of Custodian. GM Financials appointment as Custodian is effective as of the Cutoff Date and will continue until terminated pursuant to this Section 3.12. So long as GM Financial is serving as Custodian, any
termination of GM Financial as Servicer hereunder shall terminate GM Financial as Custodian. As soon as practicable after termination of its appointment as Custodian, the Custodian shall deliver, at the Custodians expense, the Receivable Files
to the Trust Collateral Agent on behalf of the Noteholders at such place or places as the Trust Collateral Agent may designate, and the Trust Collateral Agent, or its agent, as the case may be, shall act as Custodian for such Receivable Files on
behalf of the Noteholders until such time as a successor custodian has been appointed. If, within seventy-two (72) hours after the termination of this Agreement, the Custodian has not delivered the
Receivable Files in accordance with the preceding sentence, the Trust Collateral Agent may enter the premises of the Custodian and remove the Receivable Files from such premises. 

28 

SECTION 3.13. Dispute Resolution. 

(a) If the Servicer, the Trust, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, a Noteholder or the Trust Collateral Agent on
behalf of certain Noteholders in accordance with the following sentence (the Requesting Party) requests that the Seller and/or GM Financial repurchase a Receivable due to an alleged breach of a representation and warranty in
Section 5.1 of the Purchase Agreement or in Section 3.2(a) hereof (each, a Repurchase Request), and the Repurchase Request has not been resolved within one hundred eighty (180) days of the receipt of notice of the
Repurchase Request by the Seller or GM Financial, as the case may be (which resolution may take the form of a repurchase of the related Receivable by the Seller or GM Financial, as applicable, a withdrawal of the related Repurchase Request by the
related Requesting Party or a cure of the condition that led to the related breach in the manner set forth herein or in the Purchase Agreement, as applicable), the Requesting Party may refer the matter, in its sole discretion, to either mediation
(including non-binding arbitration) or binding third-party arbitration. Noteholders representing 5% or more of the Outstanding Amount of the Controlling Class may direct the Trust Collateral Agent, by
notice in writing, in relation to any matter described in the preceding sentence, to initiate either mediation (including non-binding arbitration) or binding third-party arbitration, as directed by such
Noteholders, on behalf of such Noteholders. The Requesting Party must start the mediation or arbitration proceeding according to the ADR Rules of the ADR Organization within ninety (90) days following the date on which the Form 10-D is filed that relates to the Collection Period during which the related 180-day period ended. The Seller and GM Financial agree to participate in the dispute resolution
method selected by the Requesting Party. 

(b) If the Requesting Party selects mediation for dispute resolution: 

(i) The mediation will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. However, if any ADR Rules are inconsistent
with the procedures for mediation stated in this Section 3.13(b), the procedures in this Section 3.13(b) will control. 

(ii) A single mediator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to the ADR
Rules. The mediator must be impartial, an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least fifteen (15) years of experience in commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization
matters. 

(iii) The mediation will start within fifteen (15) Business Days after the selection of the mediator and
conclude within thirty (30) days after the start of the mediation. 

(iv) Expenses of the mediation will be allocated
to the parties as mutually agreed by them as part of the mediation. 

(v) If the parties fail to agree at the completion of
the mediation, the Requesting Party may refer the Repurchase Request to arbitration under this Section 3.13. 

29 

(c) If the Requesting Party selects arbitration for dispute resolution: 

(i) The arbitration will be administered by the ADR Organization using its ADR Rules. However, if any ADR Rules are
inconsistent with the procedures for arbitration stated in this Section 3.13(c), the procedures in this Section 3.13(c) will control. 

(ii) A single arbitrator will be selected by the ADR Organization from a list of neutrals maintained by it according to the ADR
Rules. The arbitrator must be an attorney admitted to practice in the State of New York and have at least fifteen (15) years of experience in commercial litigation and, if possible, consumer finance or asset-backed securitization matters. The
arbitrator will be independent and impartial and will comply with the Code of Ethics for Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes in effect at the time of the arbitration. Before accepting an appointment, the arbitrator must promptly disclose any
circumstances likely to create a reasonable inference of bias or conflict of interest or likely to preclude completion of the proceedings within the stated time schedule. The arbitrator may be removed by the ADR Organization for cause
consisting of actual bias, conflict of interest or other serious potential for conflict. 

(iii) The arbitrator will have
the authority to schedule, hear and determine any motions, according to New York law, and will do so at the motion of any party. Discovery will be completed with thirty (30) days of selection of the arbitrator and will be limited for each party
to two (2) witness depositions not to exceed five (5) hours, two (2) interrogatories, one (1) document request and one (1) request for admissions. However, the arbitrator may grant additional discovery on a showing of good
cause that the additional discovery is reasonable and necessary. Briefs will be limited to no more than ten (10) pages each, and will be limited to initial statements of the case, motions and a
pre-hearing brief. The evidentiary hearing on the merits will start no later than sixty (60) days after selection of the arbitrator and will proceed for no more than six (6) consecutive Business Days
with equal time allocated to each party for the presentation of evidence and cross examination. The arbitrator may allow additional time for discovery and hearings on a showing of good cause or due to unavoidable delays. 

(iv) The arbitrator will make its final determination no later than ninety (90) days after its selection. The arbitrator
will resolve the dispute according to the terms of this Agreement and the Basic Documents, and may not modify or change this Agreement or the Basic Documents in any way. The arbitrator will not have the power to award punitive damages or
consequential damages in any arbitration conducted by them. In its final determination, the arbitrator will determine and award the expenses of the arbitration (including filing fees, the fees of the arbitrator, expense of any record or transcript
of the arbitration and administrative fees) to the parties in its reasonable discretion. The determination of the arbitrator will be in writing and counterpart copies will be promptly delivered to the parties. The determination will be final and non-appealable, except for actions to confirm or vacate the determination permitted under federal or State law, and may be entered and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

(v) By selecting arbitration, the Requesting Party is giving up the right to sue in court, including the right to a trial by
jury. 

30 

(vi) The Requesting Party may not bring a putative or certificated class
action to arbitration. If this waiver of class action rights is found to be unenforceable for any reason, the Requesting Party agrees that it will bring its claims in a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(d) For each mediation or arbitration: 

(i) Any mediation or arbitration will be held in New York, New York at the offices of the mediator or arbitrator or at another
location selected by the Seller or GM Financial. Any party or witness may participate by teleconference or video conference. 

(ii) The Seller, GM Financial and the Requesting Party will have the right to seek provisional relief from a competent court of
law, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or attachment order, if such relief is available by law. 

(iii) Neither the Seller nor GM Financial will be required to produce personally identifiable customer information for purposes
of any mediation or arbitration. The existence and details of any unresolved Repurchase Request, any informal meetings, mediations or arbitration proceedings, the nature and amount of any relief sought or granted, any offers or statements made and
any discovery taken in the proceeding will be confidential, privileged and inadmissible for any purpose in any other mediation, arbitration, litigation or other proceeding. The parties will keep this information confidential and will not disclose or
discuss it with any third party (other than a partys attorneys, experts, accountants and other advisors, as reasonably required in connection with the mediation or arbitration proceeding under this Section 3.13), except as required by
law, regulatory requirement or court order. If a party to a mediation or arbitration proceeding receives a subpoena or other request for information from a third party (other than a governmental regulatory body) for confidential information of the
other party to the mediation or arbitration proceeding, the recipient will promptly notify the other party and will provide the other party with the opportunity to object to the production of its confidential information. 

ARTICLE IV 

Administration and
Servicing of Receivables 

SECTION 4.1. Duties of the Servicer. The Servicer is hereby authorized to act as agent for the Trust
and in such capacity shall manage, service, administer and make collections on the Receivables, and perform the other actions required by the Servicer under this Agreement. The Servicer agrees that its servicing of the Receivables shall be carried
out in accordance with customary and usual procedures of institutions which service motor vehicle retail installment sale contracts or promissory notes and, to the extent more exacting, the degree of skill and attention that the Servicer exercises
from time to time with respect to all comparable motor vehicle receivables that it services for itself or others. In performing such duties, so long as GM Financial is the Servicer, it shall substantially comply with the Servicing Policies and
Procedures. The Servicers duties shall include, without limitation, collecting and posting all payments, responding to inquiries of Obligors on the Receivables, investigating delinquencies, sending payment invoices to Obligors, reporting any
required tax information to Obligors, monitoring the Collateral, accounting for collections and furnishing monthly and annual statements to the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee with respect to distributions, and performing the other duties
specified herein. 

31 

The Servicer, or if GM Financial is no longer the Servicer, GM Financial, at the request of
the Servicer, shall also administer and enforce all rights and responsibilities of the holder of the Receivables provided for in the Dealer Agreements (and shall maintain possession of the Dealer Agreements, to the extent it is necessary to do so),
the Dealer Assignments and the Insurance Policies, to the extent that such Dealer Agreements, Dealer Assignments and Insurance Policies relate to the Receivables, the Financed Vehicles or the Obligors. To the extent consistent with the standards,
policies and procedures otherwise required hereby, the Servicer shall follow its customary standards, policies, and procedures and shall have full power and authority, acting alone, to do any and all things in connection with such managing,
servicing, administration and collection that it may deem necessary or desirable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Servicer is hereby authorized and empowered by the Trust to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Trust, any and
all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables and with respect to the Financed Vehicles; provided, however, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, the Servicer shall not, except pursuant to an order from a court of competent jurisdiction, release an Obligor from payment of any unpaid amount under any Receivable or waive the right to collect the unpaid balance of
any Receivable from the Obligor, except in accordance with the Servicers customary practices. 

The Servicer is hereby authorized to
commence, in its own name or in the name of the Trust, a legal proceeding to enforce a Receivable pursuant to Section 4.3 or to commence or participate in any other legal proceeding (including, without limitation, a bankruptcy proceeding)
relating to or involving a Receivable, an Obligor or a Financed Vehicle. If the Servicer commences or participates in such a legal proceeding in its own name, the Trust shall thereupon be deemed to have automatically assigned such Receivable to the
Servicer solely for purposes of commencing or participating in any such proceeding as a party or claimant, and the Servicer is authorized and empowered by the Trust to execute and deliver in the Servicers name any notices, demands, claims,
complaints, responses, affidavits or other documents or instruments in connection with any such proceeding. The Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee shall furnish the Servicer with any limited powers of attorney and other documents which the
Servicer may reasonably request and which the Servicer deems necessary or appropriate and take any other steps which the Servicer may deem necessary or appropriate to enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties under
this Agreement. 

As set forth in Section 9.3, in the event the Servicer fails to perform its obligations hereunder, the successor
Servicer shall be responsible for the Servicers duties in this Agreement as if it were the Servicer, provided that the successor Servicer shall not be liable for the Servicers breach of its obligations. 

32 

SECTION 4.2. Collection of Receivable Payments; Modifications of Receivables. 

(a) Consistent with the standards, policies and procedures required by this Agreement, the Servicer shall make reasonable efforts to collect
all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Receivables as and when the same shall become due, and shall follow such collection procedures as it follows with respect to all comparable automobile receivables that it services for
itself or others and otherwise act with respect to the Receivables, the Dealer Agreements, the Dealer Assignments, the Insurance Policies and the Other Conveyed Property in such manner as will, in the reasonable judgment of the Servicer, maximize
the amount to be received by the Trust with respect thereto, including directing the Issuer to sell the Receivables pursuant to Section 4.3(c). The Servicer is authorized in its discretion to waive any prepayment charge, late payment charge or
any other similar fees that may be collected in the ordinary course of servicing any Receivable. 

(b) The Servicer may grant extensions,
rebates, deferrals, amendments, modifications or adjustments with respect to any Receivable in accordance with its Servicing Policies and Procedures; provided, however, that if the Servicer (i) extends a Receivable beyond the
Collection Period immediately preceding the latest Final Scheduled Distribution Date, or (ii) reduces the Amount Financed or APR with respect to any Receivable, it will repurchase such Receivable in the manner provided in Section 3.2 if
such change in the Receivable would materially and adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders, unless the Servicer is required to take such action by law (including, without limitation, by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act) or court order.

(c) Subject to the proviso of the first sentence in Section 4.2(b), the Servicer or its Affiliates may engage in any marketing
practice or promotion of any sale of any products, goods or services to Obligors with respect to the Receivables so long as such practices, promotions or sales are offered to obligors of comparable motor vehicle receivables serviced by the Servicer
for itself and others, whether or not such practices, promotions or sales might result in a decrease in the aggregate amount of payments on the Receivables, prepayments or faster or slower timing of the payment of the Receivables. 

(d) The Servicer shall remit all payments by or on behalf of the Obligors received directly by the Servicer to the Collection Account as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than the second Business Day after receipt thereof; provided, however, that if the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied, then the Servicer shall not be required to deposit into the Collection
Account all payments by or on behalf of the Obligors received directly by the Servicer until noon, New York City time, on the Business Day prior to the Distribution Date immediately following receipt thereof. For purposes of the preceding sentence,
receipt of a payment shall mean the initial deposit thereof in the Servicers bank account. 

(e) [Reserved] 

(f) GM Financial shall not cause or permit the substitution of the Financed Vehicle relating to a Receivable unless: (i) the substitution
is a replacement of the Financed Vehicle originally financed under the related Receivable; (ii) the Financed Vehicle originally financed under the related Receivable was either (x) insured under an Insurance Policy as required under
Section 4.4(a) at the time of a casualty loss that is treated as a total loss under such Insurance 

33 

Policy, (y) deemed to be a lemon pursuant to applicable State law and repurchased by the related Dealer or (z) the subject of an order by a court of competent jurisdiction
directing GM Financial to substitute another vehicle under the related Receivable; (iii) the related Receivable is not more than thirty (30) days delinquent; (iv) the Obligor is deemed to be in good standing by the
Servicer and is not in breach of any requirement under the related Receivable; (v) the replacement Financed Vehicle has a book value (N.A.D.A.) at least equal to the book value (N.A.D.A.) of the Financed Vehicle that is being replaced, measured
immediately before the casualty loss or replacement by the Dealer and (vi) as of the date of such substitution, the replacement Financed Vehicles mileage is no greater than the mileage on the Financed Vehicle that is being replaced;
provided, however, that if the substitution is made pursuant to clause (ii)(z), above, clauses (iii) through (vi) inclusive, shall not be applicable. GM Financial shall not cause or permit the substitution of Financed Vehicles relating
to Receivables having an original aggregate Principal Balance greater than 2% of the Original Pool Balance, (the Substitution Limit). In the event that the Substitution Limit is exceeded for any reason, (i) GM Financial
shall, on or before the next following Accounting Date, repurchase a sufficient number of such Receivables to cause the aggregate original Principal Balances of such Receivables to be less than the Substitution Limit or (ii) if GM Financial is
not the Servicer and the Servicer has caused substitutions to be made hereunder pursuant to the circumstances described in clause (ii)(x), above, the Servicer shall, on or before the next following Accounting Date, repurchase a sufficient number of
such Receivables to cause the aggregate original Principal Balances of such Receivables to be less than the Substitution Limit. 

SECTION
4.3. Realization upon Receivables. 

(a) In addition to the Servicers ability to direct the Issuer to sell Receivables pursuant
to Section 4.3(c), and consistent with the standards, policies and procedures required by this Agreement, the Servicer shall use its best efforts to repossess (or otherwise comparably convert the ownership of) and liquidate any Financed Vehicle
securing a Receivable with respect to which the Servicer has determined that payments thereunder are not likely to be resumed, as soon as is practicable; provided, however, that the Servicer may elect not to repossess a Financed Vehicle if in
its good faith judgment it determines that the proceeds ultimately recoverable with respect to such Receivable would be increased by forbearance or if it instead elects to direct the Issuer to sell the Receivables pursuant to Section 4.3(c).
The Servicer is authorized to follow such customary practices and procedures as it shall deem necessary or advisable, consistent with the standard of care required by Section 4.1, which practices and procedures may include reasonable efforts to
realize upon any recourse to Dealers, the sale of the related Financed Vehicle at public or private sale, the submission of claims under an Insurance Policy and other actions by the Servicer in order to realize upon such a Receivable. The foregoing
is subject to the provision that, in any case in which the Financed Vehicle shall have suffered damage, the Servicer shall not expend funds in connection with any repair or towards the repossession of such Financed Vehicle unless it expects in its
sole discretion, that such repair and/or repossession shall increase the proceeds of liquidation of the related Receivable by an amount greater than the amount of such expenses. All amounts received upon liquidation of a Financed Vehicle shall be
remitted directly by the Servicer to the Collection Account without deposit into any intervening account as soon as practicable, but in no event later than the Business Day after receipt thereof (or, if the Monthly Remittance Condition is satisfied,
by no later than noon, New York City time, on the Business Day prior to the Distribution Date immediately following receipt thereof). The Servicer shall be entitled to recover all reasonable expenses incurred by it in the course of repossessing and
liquidating a Financed Vehicle 

34 

into cash proceeds, but only out of the cash proceeds of such Financed Vehicle, any deficiency obtained from the Obligor or any amounts received from the related Dealer, which amounts in
reimbursement may be retained by the Servicer (and shall not be required to be deposited as provided in Section 4.2(d)) to the extent of such expenses. The Servicer shall pay on behalf of the Trust any personal property taxes assessed on
repossessed Financed Vehicles. The Servicer shall be entitled to reimbursement of any such tax from Net Liquidation Proceeds with respect to such Receivable. 

(b) If the Servicer, or if GM Financial is no longer the Servicer, GM Financial at the request of the Servicer, elects to commence a legal
proceeding to enforce a Dealer Agreement or Dealer Assignment, the act of commencement shall be deemed to be an automatic assignment from the Trust to the Servicer, or to GM Financial at the request of the Servicer, of the rights under such Dealer
Agreement or Dealer Assignment for purposes of collection only. If, however, in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding it is held that the Servicer or GM Financial, as appropriate, may not enforce a Dealer Agreement or Dealer Assignment on the
grounds that it is not a real party in interest or a Person entitled to enforce the Dealer Agreement or Dealer Assignment, the Owner Trustee and/or the Trust Collateral Agent, at GM Financials expense, or the Seller, at the Sellers
expense, shall take such steps as the Servicer deems reasonably necessary to enforce the Dealer Agreement or Dealer Assignment, including bringing suit in its name or the name of the Seller or of the Trust and the Owner Trustee and/or the Trust
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders. All amounts recovered shall be remitted directly by the Servicer as provided in Section 4.2(d). 

(c) Consistent with the standards, policies and procedures required by this Agreement, the Servicer may use its best efforts to locate a
third-party purchaser that is not affiliated with the Servicer, the Seller or the Issuer to purchase from the Issuer any Receivable that has become more than sixty (60) days delinquent, and shall have the right to direct the Issuer to sell any
such Receivable to the third-party purchaser; provided, that no more than 20% of the number of Receivables in the pool as of the Cutoff Date may be sold by the Issuer pursuant to this Section 4.3(c) in the aggregate; provided
further, that the Servicer may elect to not direct the Issuer to sell a Receivable that has become more than sixty (60) days delinquent if in its good faith judgment the Servicer determines that the proceeds ultimately recoverable with
respect to such Receivable would be increased by forbearance. In selecting Receivables to be sold to a third-party purchaser pursuant to this Section 4.3(c), the Servicer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to locate purchasers for the
most delinquent Receivables first. In any event, the Servicer shall not use any procedure in selecting Receivables to be sold to third-party purchasers which is materially adverse to the interest of the Noteholders. The Issuer shall sell each Sold
Receivable for the greatest market price possible; provided, however, that aggregate Sale Amounts received by the Issuer for all Receivables sold to a single third-party purchaser on a single date must be at least equal to the sum of the
Minimum Sale Prices for all such Receivables. The Servicer shall remit or cause the third-party purchaser to remit all sale proceeds from the sale of Receivables to the Collection Account without deposit into any intervening account as soon as
practicable, but in no event later than the Business Day after receipt thereof. 

35 

SECTION 4.4. Insurance. 

(a) The Servicer shall require, in accordance with the Servicing Policies and Procedures, that each Financed Vehicle be insured by the related
Obligor under the Insurance Policies referred to in paragraph 18 of Schedule B-1 hereto. Each Receivable requires the Obligor to maintain such physical loss and damage insurance, naming GM Financial or an
Originating Affiliate (which may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in the applicable jurisdiction) and its successors and assigns as additional insureds, and certain Receivables permit the holder of such Receivable to
obtain physical loss and damage insurance at the expense of the Obligor if the Obligor fails to maintain such insurance. If the Servicer shall determine that an Obligor has failed to obtain or maintain a physical loss and damage Insurance Policy
covering the related Financed Vehicle which satisfies the conditions set forth in such paragraph 18 (including, without limitation, during the repossession of such Financed Vehicle) the Servicer may enforce the rights of the holder of the Receivable
under the Receivable to require the Obligor to obtain such physical loss and damage insurance in accordance with the Servicing Policies and Procedures. The Servicer may maintain a vendors single interest or other collateral protection
insurance policy with respect to all Financed Vehicles (Collateral Insurance) which policy shall by its terms insure against physical loss and damage in the event any Obligor fails to maintain physical loss and damage insurance
with respect to the related Financed Vehicle. The Servicer shall cause itself or an Originating Affiliate, and may cause the Trust Collateral Agent (which may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in the applicable
jurisdiction), to be named as named insured under all policies of Collateral Insurance. Costs incurred by the Servicer in maintaining such Collateral Insurance shall be paid by the Servicer. 

(b) The Servicer may, if an Obligor fails to obtain or maintain a physical loss and damage Insurance Policy, obtain insurance with respect to
the related Financed Vehicle and advance on behalf of such Obligor, as required under the terms of the Insurance Policy, the premiums for such insurance (such insurance being referred to herein as Force-Placed Insurance). All
policies of Force-Placed Insurance shall be endorsed with clauses providing for loss payable to the Servicer. Any cost incurred by the Servicer in maintaining such Force-Placed Insurance shall only be recoverable out of premiums paid by the Obligors
or Net Liquidation Proceeds with respect to the Receivable, as provided in Section 4.4(c). 

(c) In connection with any Force-Placed
Insurance obtained hereunder, the Servicer may, in the manner and to the extent permitted by applicable law, require the Obligors to repay the entire premium to the Servicer. In no event shall the Servicer include the amount of the premium in the
Amount Financed under the Receivable. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Insurance Add-On Amount with respect to any Receivable having Force-Placed Insurance will be treated as a separate obligation of
the Obligor and will not be added to the Principal Balance of such Receivable, and amounts allocable thereto will not be available for distribution on the Notes and the Certificate. The Servicer shall retain and separately administer the right to
receive payments from Obligors with respect to Insurance Add-On Amounts or rebates of Forced-Placed Insurance premiums. If an Obligor makes a payment with respect to a Receivable having Force-Placed Insurance,
but the Servicer is unable to determine whether the payment is allocable to the Receivable or to the Insurance Add-On Amount, the payment shall be applied first to any unpaid Scheduled Receivables Payments and
then to the Insurance Add-On Amount. Net Liquidation Proceeds on any Receivable will be used first to pay the Principal Balance and accrued interest on 

36 

such Receivable and then to pay the related Insurance Add-On Amount. If an Obligor under a Receivable with respect to which the Servicer has placed
Force-Placed Insurance fails to make scheduled payments of such Insurance Add-On Amount as due, and the Servicer has determined that eventual payment of the Insurance
Add-On Amount is unlikely, the Servicer may, but shall not be required to, purchase such Receivable from the Trust for the Purchase Amount on any subsequent Determination Date. Any such Receivable, and any
Receivable with respect to which the Servicer has placed Force-Placed Insurance which has been paid in full (excluding any Insurance Add-On Amounts) will be assigned to the Servicer. 

(d) The Servicer may sue to enforce or collect upon the Insurance Policies, in its own name, if possible, or as agent of the Trust. If the
Servicer elects to commence a legal proceeding to enforce an Insurance Policy, the act of commencement shall be deemed to be an automatic assignment of the rights of the Trust under such Insurance Policy to the Servicer for purposes of collection
only. If, however, in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding it is held that the Servicer may not enforce an Insurance Policy on the grounds that it is not a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce the Insurance Policy, the Issuer
and/or the Trust Collateral Agent, at the Servicers expense, or the Seller, at the Sellers expense, shall take such steps as the Servicer deems necessary to enforce such Insurance Policy, including bringing suit in its name or the name
of the Trust and the Owner Trustee and/or the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders. 

SECTION 4.5. Maintenance of
Security Interests in Vehicles. 

(a) Consistent with the policies and procedures required by this Agreement, the Servicer shall take
such steps on behalf of the Trust as are necessary to maintain perfection of the security interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed Vehicle, including, but not limited to, obtaining the execution by the Obligors and the recording,
registering, filing, re-recording,re-filing, and re-registering of all security agreements, financing statements and
continuation statements as are necessary to maintain the security interest granted by the Obligors under the respective Receivables. The Trust Collateral Agent hereby authorizes the Servicer, and the Servicer agrees, to take any and all steps
necessary to re-perfect such security interest on behalf of the Trust as necessary because of the relocation of a Financed Vehicle or for any other reason. In the event that the assignment of a Receivable to
the Trust is insufficient, without a notation on the related Financed Vehicles certificate of title, or without fulfilling any additional administrative requirements under the laws of the State in which the Financed Vehicle is located, to
perfect a security interest in the related Financed Vehicle in favor of the Trust, the Servicer hereby agrees that the designation of GM Financial or an Originating Affiliate (which may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in
the applicable jurisdiction) as the secured party on the Lien Certificate is in its capacity as Servicer as agent of the Trust. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, the Servicer or the successor Servicer (if no successor Servicer has been appointed, then the Trust Collateral Agent) shall take or cause to be taken such action as may, in the Opinion of Counsel to
the Majority Noteholders, be necessary to perfect or re-perfect the security interests in the Financed Vehicles securing the Receivables in the name of the Trust by amending the title documents of such
Financed Vehicles or by such other reasonable means as may, in the Opinion of Counsel to the Majority Noteholders, be necessary or prudent. 

37 

GM Financial hereby agrees to pay all expenses related to such perfection or reperfection
and to take all action necessary therefor. GM Financial hereby appoints the Trust Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact to take any and all steps required to be
performed by GM Financial pursuant to this Section 4.5(b) (it being understood that and agreed that the Trust Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take such steps with respect to all perfection or reperfection, except as pursuant to the
Basic Documents to which it is a party and to which GM Financial has paid all expenses), including execution of Lien Certificates or any other documents in the name and stead of GM Financial (which may be accomplished by the use of a properly
registered DBA name in the applicable jurisdiction), and the Trust Collateral Agent hereby accepts such appointment. 

SECTION 4.6.
Covenants of Servicer. By its execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Servicer makes the following covenants on which the Trust Collateral Agent relies in accepting the Receivables and on which the Trustee relies in authenticating the
Notes. 

(a) The Servicer covenants as follows: 

(i) Liens in Force. The Financed Vehicle securing each Receivable shall not be released in whole or in part from the
security interest granted by the Receivable, except upon payment in full of the Receivable or as otherwise contemplated herein; 

(ii) No Impairment. The Servicer shall do nothing to impair the rights of the Trust or the Noteholders in the
Receivables, the Dealer Agreements, the Dealer Assignments, the Insurance Policies or the Other Conveyed Property except as otherwise expressly provided herein; 

(iii) No Amendments. The Servicer shall not extend or otherwise amend the terms of any Receivable, except in accordance
with Section 4.2; and 

(iv) Restrictions on Liens. The Servicer shall not (A) create, incur or suffer to
exist, or agree to create, incur or suffer to exist, or consent to cause or permit in the future (upon the happening of a contingency or otherwise) the creation, incurrence or existence of any Lien or restriction on transferability of the
Receivables except for the Lien in favor of the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders and the restrictions on transferability imposed by this Agreement or (B) sign or file under the UCC of any jurisdiction any financing
statement which names GM Financial or the Servicer as a debtor, or sign any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement, with respect to the Receivables, except in each case any such instrument solely
securing the rights and preserving the Lien of the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Noteholders. 

SECTION 4.7. Purchase
of Receivables Upon Breach of Covenant. Upon discovery by any of the Servicer, a Responsible Officer of the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner Trustee or a Responsible Officer of the Trustee of a breach of any of the covenants set forth in
Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 4.5(a) or 4.6 that materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in any Receivable (including any Liquidated Receivable), the party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to the others;
provided, however, that the failure to give any such notice shall not affect any obligation of GM Financial as Servicer under this Section. As of the second 

38 

Accounting Date following its discovery or receipt of notice of any breach of any covenant set forth in Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 4.5(a) or 4.6 which materially and adversely affects the interests
of the Noteholders in any Receivable (including any Liquidated Receivable) (or, at GM Financials election, the first Accounting Date so following) or the related Financed Vehicle, GM Financial shall, unless such breach shall have been cured in
all material respects, purchase from the Trust the Receivable affected by such breach and, on the related Determination Date, GM Financial shall pay the related Purchase Amount. It is understood and agreed that the obligation of GM Financial to
purchase any Receivable (including any Liquidated Receivable) with respect to which such a breach has occurred and is continuing shall, if such obligation is fulfilled, constitute the sole remedy against GM Financial for such breach available to the
Noteholders, the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent; provided, however, that GM Financial shall indemnify the Trust, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Noteholders from and against all
costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (which shall include any reasonable fees and expenses of counsel incurred by any indemnified party to enforce such indemnification
obligation), which may be asserted against or incurred by any of them as a result of third-party claims arising out of the events or facts giving rise to such breach. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, GM Financial, in its
capacities as sponsor and servicer, will not be required to repurchase Receivables due solely to the Servicers not having received Lien Certificates that have been properly applied for from the Registrar of Titles in the applicable States for
such Receivables. 

SECTION 4.8. Total Servicing Fee; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer. On each Distribution Date, the
Servicer shall be entitled to receive out of the Collection Account the Base Servicing Fee and any Supplemental Servicing Fee for the related Collection Period (together, the Servicing Fee) pursuant to Section 5.7. The
Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities under this Agreement (including taxes imposed on the Servicer, expenses incurred in connection with distributions and reports made by the Servicer to the
Noteholders and all other fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trustee; provided, however, the Servicer shall not be required to pay taxes levied or assessed against the Trust or claims against the Trust
in respect of indemnification unless such taxes and claims are expressly stated to be for the account of GM Financial). The Servicer shall be liable for the fees and expenses of the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the
Custodian and the Independent Accountants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Servicer shall not be GM Financial, a successor to GM Financial as Servicer permitted by Section 9.3 shall not be liable for taxes levied or assessed against the
Trust or claims against the Trust in respect of indemnification, or the fees and expenses referred to above. 

39 

SECTION 4.9. Servicers Certificate and Asset-Level Information. 

(a) Servicers Certificate. No later than noon Eastern time on each Determination Date, the Servicer shall deliver (electronic
delivery being acceptable) to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent the monthly Servicers Certificate. The Servicer will also deliver the Servicers Certificate to each Rating Agency on the same date the
Servicers Certificate is publicly available (provided that if the Servicers Certificate is not made publicly available, the Servicer will deliver it to each Rating Agency no later than the twenty-fifth (25th)of each month (or if not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day)). Each Servicers Certificate will be executed by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer and contain among other things:
(i) all information necessary to enable the Trust Collateral Agent to make the distributions required by Sections 5.7(a) and 5.7(b), (ii) the aggregate Principal Balances of all Purchased Receivables and Sold Receivables purchased by the
Servicer or sold by the Issuer as of the related Accounting Date, identifying the number of Receivables so purchased by the Servicer or sold by the Issuer, (iii) all information necessary to enable the Trust Collateral Agent to make such
statements available to Noteholders as required by Section 5.9 and (iv) solely in the case of the first monthly Servicers Certificate, the disclosure required by Rule 4(c)(1)(ii) of Regulation RR, 17 C.F.R. 246.1, et seq. (the
Credit Risk Retention Rules). 

(b) Asset-Level Information. On or before the fifteenth (15th) day following each
Distribution Date, the Servicer will prepare a Form ABS-EE, including an asset data file and asset-related document containing the asset-level information for each Receivable for the prior Collection Period as
required by Item 1A of Form 10-D.

SECTION 4.10. Annual Statement as to Compliance, Notice of
Servicer Termination Event. 

(a) To the extent required by Section 1123 of Regulation AB, the Servicer shall deliver to the
Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and each Rating Agency, on or before March 31 (or ninety (90) days after the end of the Issuers fiscal year, if other than December 31) of each year (regardless of whether the
Seller has ceased filing reports under the Exchange Act), beginning on March 31, 2026, an Officers Certificate signed by any Responsible Officer of the Servicer, dated as of December 31 of the previous calendar year, stating that
(i) a review of the activities of the Servicer during the preceding calendar year (or such other period as shall have elapsed from the Closing Date to the date of the first such certificate) and of its performance under this Agreement has been
made under such officers supervision, and (ii) to such officers knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled in all material respects all its obligations under this Agreement throughout such period, or, if there has
been a failure to fulfill any such obligation in any material respect, identifying each such failure known to such officer and the nature and status of such failure. 

(b) The Seller or the Servicer shall deliver to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Servicer or the Seller (as
applicable) and each Rating Agency promptly after having obtained knowledge thereof, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, written notice in an Officers Certificate of any event which with the giving of notice or
lapse of time, or both, would become a Servicer Termination Event under any clause of Section 9.1. 

40 

(c) The Servicer will deliver to the Issuer, on or before March 31 of each year,
beginning on March 31, 2026, a report regarding the Servicers assessment of compliance with certain minimum servicing criteria during the immediately preceding calendar year, as required under Rules
13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB. 

(d) To the extent required by Regulation AB, the Servicer will cause any affiliated servicer or any other party deemed to be participating in
the servicing function pursuant to Item 1122 of Regulation AB to provide to the Issuer, on or before March 31 of each year, beginning on March 31, 2026, a report regarding such partys assessment of compliance with certain minimum
servicing criteria during the immediately preceding calendar year, as required under Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB. 

(e) Citibank, N.A. acknowledges, in its capacity as Trust Collateral Agent under this Agreement and in its capacity as Trustee under the Basic
Documents, that to the extent it is deemed to be participating in the servicing function pursuant to Item 1122 of Regulation AB, it will take any such action as outlined in the Item 1122 Letter Agreement to ensure compliance with the requirements of
Section 4.10(d) and Section 4.11(b) hereof and with Item 1122 of Regulation AB. Such required documentation will be delivered to the Servicer by March 15 of each calendar year. 

SECTION 4.11. Annual Independent Public Accountants Reports. 

(a) The Servicer shall cause a firm of nationally recognized independent certified public accountants (the Independent
Accountants), who may also render other services to the Servicer or its Affiliates, to deliver to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, on or before March 31 (or ninety (90) days after the end of the
Issuers fiscal year, if other than December 31) of each year, beginning on March 31, 2026, a report, dated as of December 31 of the preceding calendar year, addressed to the board of directors of the Servicer, providing its
attestation report on the servicing assessment delivered pursuant to Section 4.10(c), including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance, as required by Rules
13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122(b) of Regulation AB. Such attestation will be in accordance with Rules
1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

(b) Each party required to deliver an assessment of compliance described in Section 4.10(d) shall cause Independent Accountants, who may
also render other services to such party or its Affiliates, to deliver to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Servicer, on or before March 31 (or ninety (90) days after the end of the Issuers fiscal
year, if other than December 31) of each year, beginning on March 31, 2026, a report, dated as of December 31 of the preceding calendar year, addressed to the board of directors of such party, providing its attestation report on the
servicing assessment delivered pursuant to Section 4.10(d), including disclosure of any material instance of non-compliance, as required by Rule 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and Item 1122(b) of Regulation AB. Such attestation will be in accordance with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g)
of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. 

41 

(c) The Servicer shall cause a firm of Independent Accountants, who may also render other
services to the Servicer or to the Seller, (1) to deliver to the Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, on or before April 30 (or one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of the Servicers fiscal year, if
other than December 31) of each year, beginning on April 30, 2026, with respect to the twelve (12) months ended the immediately preceding December 31 (or other applicable date) (or such other period as shall have elapsed from the
Closing Date to the date of such certificate (which period shall not be less than six (6) months)), a copy of the Form 10-K filed with the Commission for General Motors Financial Company, Inc., which
filing includes a statement that such audit was made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, and accordingly included such tests of the accounting records and such other auditing procedures as such firm considered necessary in the
circumstances; provided, however, that to the extent that the Servicer or an Affiliate of the Servicer makes such information publicly available, the requirement under this Section 4.11(c) shall be deemed satisfied, and (2) upon
request of the Trustee, the Owner Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, to issue an acknowledgement to the effect that such firm has audited the books and records of General Motors Financial Company, Inc., in which the Servicer is included as a
consolidated subsidiary, and issued its report pursuant to item (1) of this Section and that the accounting firm is independent of the Seller and the Servicer within the meaning of the Code of Professional Ethics of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants 

SECTION 4.12. Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding Receivables. The Servicer
shall provide to representatives of the Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent reasonable access to the documentation regarding the Receivables. In each case, such access shall be afforded without charge but only upon reasonable
request and during normal business hours. Nothing in this Section shall affect the obligation of the Servicer to observe any applicable law prohibiting disclosure of information regarding the Obligors, and the failure of the Servicer to provide
access as provided in this Section as a result of such obligation shall not constitute a breach of this Section. 

ARTICLE V 

Trust Accounts; Distributions; Statements to Noteholders 

SECTION 5.1. Establishment of Trust Accounts. 

(a) (i) The Trust Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders, shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible Deposit Account
(the Collection Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trust Collateral Agent on behalf of the Noteholders. The Collection Account shall initially be
established with the Trust Collateral Agent. 

(ii) The Trust Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders, shall establish and maintain
in its own name an Eligible Deposit Account (the Note Distribution Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Trust Collateral Agent on behalf of the
Noteholders. The Note Distribution Account shall initially be established with the Trust Collateral Agent. 

(iii) The Trust Collateral
Agent, on behalf of the Noteholders, shall establish and maintain in its own name an Eligible Deposit Account (the Reserve Account), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the
benefit of the Trust Collateral Agent on behalf of the Noteholders. The Reserve Account shall initially be established with the Trust Collateral Agent. 

42 

(b) Funds on deposit in the Collection Account, the Reserve Account and the Note
Distribution Account (collectively, the Trust Accounts) shall be invested by the Trust Collateral Agent (or any custodian with respect to funds on deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by the
Servicer (pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). Absent receipt of such written investment direction from the Servicer, funds on deposit in the Trust Accounts shall be held uninvested. All such Eligible Investments shall be held by or on
behalf of the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders. Other than as permitted by the Rating Agencies, funds on deposit in any Trust Account shall be invested in Eligible Investments that will mature so that such funds will be
available at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the following Distribution Date. All Eligible Investments will be held to maturity. Each institution at which the relevant Trust Account is maintained shall invest the
funds therein as directed in writing by the Servicer in Eligible Investments. The Servicer acknowledges that upon its written request and at no additional cost, it has the right to receive notification after the completion of each such investment or
the Trust Collateral Agents receipt of a broker confirmation. The Servicer agrees that such notifications will not be provided by the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder, and the Trust Collateral Agent shall make available, upon request and in
lieu of notifications, periodic account statements that reflect such investment activity. No statement need be made available if no activity has occurred in the relevant Trust Account during such period. 

(c) All Investment Earnings of moneys deposited in each Trust Account shall be deposited (or caused to be deposited) in the Collection Account
on each Distribution Date by the Trust Collateral Agent and applied as Available Funds on such Distribution Date, and any loss resulting from such investments shall be charged to the related Trust Account. The Servicer will not direct the Trust
Collateral Agent to make any investment of any funds held in any of the Trust Accounts unless the security interest granted and perfected in such account will continue to be perfected in such investment, in either case without any further action by
any Person, and, in connection with any direction to the Trust Collateral Agent to make any such investment, if requested by the Trust Collateral Agent, the Servicer shall deliver to the Trust Collateral Agent an Opinion of Counsel, acceptable to
the Trust Collateral Agent, to such effect. 

(d) The Trust Collateral Agent shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any
insufficiency in any of the Trust Accounts resulting from any loss on any Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the Trust Collateral Agents negligence or bad faith or its failure to make payments on such
Eligible Investments issued by the Trust Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as Trust Collateral Agent or as Trustee, in accordance with their terms. 

(e) If (i) the Servicer shall have failed to give investment directions in writing for any funds on deposit in the Trust Accounts to the
Trust Collateral Agent by 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time (or such other time as may be agreed by the Issuer and the Trust Collateral Agent) on any Business Day; or (ii) a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing with respect to
the Notes but the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable, or, if such Notes shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of Default, amounts collected or received from the Trust Property are being applied as if there had
not been such a declaration; then the Trust Collateral Agent shall, to the fullest extent practicable, invest and reinvest funds in the Trust Accounts in accordance with the instructions outlined in the most recent investment direction letter
between the Servicer and the Trust Collateral Agent. 

43 

(f) (i) The Trust Collateral Agent shall possess all right, title and interest in all
funds on deposit from time to time in the Trust Accounts and in all proceeds thereof for the benefit of the Noteholders and all such funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be part of the Owner Trust Estate. Except as otherwise provided
herein, the Trust Accounts shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders. If, at any time, any of the Trust Accounts ceases to be an Eligible Deposit Account, the Trust Collateral Agent
(or the Servicer on its behalf) shall within five (5) Business Days (or such longer period as to which each Rating Agency may consent) establish a new Trust Account as an Eligible Deposit Account and shall transfer any cash and/or any
investments to such new Trust Account. In connection with the foregoing, the Servicer agrees that, in the event that any of the Trust Accounts are not accounts with the Trust Collateral Agent, the Servicer shall notify the Trust Collateral Agent in
writing promptly upon any of such Trust Accounts ceasing to be an Eligible Deposit Account. 

(ii) With respect to the Trust Account
Property, the Trust Collateral Agent agrees that: 

(A) any Trust Account Property that is held in deposit accounts shall be
held solely in the Eligible Deposit Accounts; and, except as otherwise provided herein, each such Eligible Deposit Account shall be subject to the exclusive custody and control of the Trust Collateral Agent, and the Trust Collateral Agent shall have
sole signature authority with respect thereto; 

(B) any Trust Account Property that constitutes Physical Property shall be
delivered to the Trust Collateral Agent in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Delivery and shall be held, pending maturity or disposition, solely by the Trust Collateral Agent or a securities intermediary (as such
term is defined in Section 8-102(14) of the UCC) acting solely for the Trust Collateral Agent; 

(C) the securities intermediarys jurisdiction for purposes of
Section 8-110 of the UCC shall be the State of New York; 

(D) any Trust
Account Property that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to federal book-entry regulations shall be delivered in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Delivery and shall be
maintained by the Trust Collateral Agent, pending maturity or disposition, through continued book-entry registration of such Trust Account Property as described in such paragraph; 

44 

(E) any Trust Account Property that is an uncertificated
security or a security entitlement under Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed by clause (D) above shall be delivered to the Trust Collateral Agent in accordance with paragraph (c) or (d), if
applicable, of the definition of Delivery and shall be maintained by the Trust Collateral Agent, pending maturity or disposition, through continued registration of the Trust Collateral Agents (or its nominees) ownership of
such security; and 

(F) any cash that is Trust Account Property shall be considered a financial asset
under Article 8 of the UCC. 

(g) The Servicer shall have the power to instruct the Trust Collateral Agent to make withdrawals and payments
from the Trust Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Servicer and the Trust Collateral Agent to carry out their respective duties hereunder. 

SECTION 5.2. [Reserved]

SECTION 5.3. Certain Reimbursements to the Servicer. The Servicer will be entitled to be reimbursed from amounts on deposit in the
Collection Account with respect to a Collection Period for amounts previously deposited in the Collection Account but later determined by the Servicer to have resulted from mistaken deposits or postings or checks returned for insufficient funds. The
amount to be reimbursed hereunder shall be paid to the Servicer on the related Distribution Date pursuant to Section 5.7(a)(i) upon certification by the Servicer of such amounts and the provision of such information to the Trust Collateral
Agent. The Servicer will additionally be entitled to receive from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account with respect to a Collection Period any amounts paid by Obligors that do not relate to (i) principal and interest payments due on the
Receivables and (ii) any fees or expenses related to extensions due on the Receivables. 

SECTION 5.4. Application of
Collections. All collections for the Collection Period shall be applied by the Servicer as follows: 

(a) With respect to each
Receivable (other than a Purchased Receivable or a Sold Receivable), payments by or on behalf of the Obligor, (other than Supplemental Servicing Fees with respect to such Receivable, to the extent collected) shall be applied to interest and
principal in accordance with the Simple Interest Method. 

(b) All amounts collected that are payable to the Servicer as Supplemental
Servicing Fees hereunder shall be deposited in the Collection Account and paid to the Servicer in accordance with Section 5.7(a). 

SECTION 5.5. [Reserved]

SECTION 5.6. Additional Deposits. 

(a) The Servicer and the Seller, as applicable, shall deposit or cause to be deposited in the Collection Account on the Determination Date on
which such obligations are due the aggregate Purchase Amount with respect to Purchased Receivables and the aggregate Sale Amounts with respect to Sold Receivables. 

45 

(b) The proceeds of any purchase or sale of the assets of the Trust described in
Section 10.1 shall be deposited in the Collection Account. 

SECTION 5.7. Distributions. 

(a) On each Distribution Date, the Trust Collateral Agent shall (based solely on the information contained in the Servicers Certificate
delivered with respect to the related Determination Date) apply or cause to be applied the sum of (x) the Available Funds (after withdrawing amounts deposited in error and Liquidation Proceeds relating to Purchased Receivables) for the related
Collection Period plus (y) the Reserve Account Withdrawal Amount for such Distribution Date (such sum, the Total Available Funds) to distribute the following amounts from the Collection Account unless otherwise
specified, to the extent of the sources of funds stated to be available therefor, and in the following order of priority: 

(i) to the Servicer, (1) the Base Servicing Fee for the related Collection Period, (2) any Supplemental Servicing
Fees for the related Collection Period, (3) any amounts specified in Section 5.3 and (4), to the extent the Servicer has not reimbursed itself in respect of such amounts pursuant to Section 5.3, and to the extent not retained by the
Servicer, to pay to GM Financial any amounts paid by Obligors during the preceding calendar month that did not relate to (x) principal and interest payments due on the Receivables and (y) any fees or expenses related to extensions due on
the Receivables; 

(ii) on a pro rata basis, to each of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Asset
Representations Reviewer and the Owner Trustee, their respective accrued and unpaid fees, expenses and indemnities (in each case, to the extent such fees, expenses or indemnities have not been previously paid by the Servicer, and provided
that such fees, expenses and indemnities shall not exceed (x) $100,000 in the aggregate in any calendar year to the Owner Trustee, (y) $100,000 in the aggregate in any calendar year to the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and (z) $200,000 in
the aggregate in any calendar year to the Asset Representations Reviewer); 

(iii) to the Note Distribution Account for
distribution to the Class A Noteholders, pari passu, the Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount for the Class A Notes for such Distribution Date; 

(iv) to the Note Distribution Account, for distribution as provided in paragraph (b) below, the First Priority Principal
Distribution Amount; 

(v) to the Note Distribution Account for distribution to the Class B Noteholders, the
Noteholders Interest Distributable Amount for the Class B Notes for such Distribution Date; 

(vi) to the Note
Distribution Account, for distribution as provided in paragraph (b) below, the Second Priority Principal Distribution Amount; 

(vii) to the Note Distribution Account for distribution to the Class C Noteholders, the Noteholders Interest
Distributable Amount for the Class C Notes for such Distribution Date; 

46 

(viii) to the Note Distribution Account, for distribution as provided in
paragraph (b) below, the Third Priority Principal Distribution Amount; 

(ix) to the Reserve Account, the Reserve
Account Deposit Amount for such Distribution Date; 

(x) to the Note Distribution Account, for distribution as provided in
paragraph (b) below, the Noteholders Principal Distributable Amount; 

(xi) on a pro rata basis, to pay
each of the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Asset Representations Reviewer any fees, expenses and indemnities then due to such party that are in excess of the related cap or annual limitation specified in clause
(ii) above; and 

(xii) to the Certificate Distribution Account for distribution to the Certificateholder in accordance
with the Trust Agreement, the aggregate amount remaining in the Collection Account. 

On any Distribution Date with respect
to which no Servicers Certificate was delivered, to the extent there are Available Funds in the Collection Account, the Trust Collateral Agent will make payments of the Noteholders Interest Distributable Amounts described in (iii), (v)
and (vii) above. 

(b) On each Distribution Date, the Trust Collateral Agent shall apply or cause to be applied the aggregate of the
amounts described in clause (iv), (vi), (viii) and (x) of paragraph (a) above on that Distribution Date in the following order of priority: 

(i) to the Class A-1 Noteholders in reduction of the remaining principal amount of
the Class A-1 Notes, until the Outstanding Amount thereof has been reduced to zero; 

(ii) to the Class A-2 Noteholders in reduction of the remaining principal amount
of the Class A-2 Notes, until the Outstanding Amount thereof has been reduced to zero, pro rata to the
Class A-2-A Notes and Class A-2-B Notes based on their respective Outstanding
Amounts; 

(iii) to the Class A-3 Noteholders in reduction of the remaining
principal amount of the Class A-3 Notes, until the Outstanding Amount thereof has been reduced to zero; 

(iv) to the Class A-4 Noteholders in reduction of the remaining principal amount
of the Class A-4 Notes, until the Outstanding Amount thereof has been reduced to zero; 

(v) to the Class B Noteholders in reduction of the remaining principal amount of the Class B Notes, until the
Outstanding Amount thereof has been reduced to zero; and 

47 

(vi) to the Class C Noteholders in reduction of the remaining principal
amount of the Class C Notes, until the Outstanding Amount thereof has been reduced to zero; 

provided, however, that,
(A) following an acceleration of the Notes pursuant to the Indenture, (B) the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Sections 5.1(a), 5.1(b) or 5.1(d) of the Indenture or (C) the receipt of Insolvency Proceeds pursuant to
Section 10.1(b), the Total Available Funds and amounts deposited in the Note Distribution Account (including any such Insolvency Proceeds) shall be paid to the Noteholders pursuant to Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture. 

(c) In the event that the Collection Account is maintained with an institution other than the Trust Collateral Agent, the Servicer shall
instruct and cause such institution to make all deposits and distributions pursuant to Sections 5.7(a) and 5.7(b) on the related Distribution Date. 

(d) In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the Trusts payment (or allocations of income) to a Noteholder, such tax shall
reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the Noteholder in accordance with this Section 5.7. The Trust Collateral Agent is hereby authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholders sufficient funds for
the payment of any tax attributable to the Trust (but such authorization shall not prevent the Trust Collateral Agent from contesting any such tax in appropriate proceedings, and withholding payment of such tax, if permitted by law, pending the
outcome of such proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to a Noteholder shall be treated as cash distributed to such Noteholder at the time it is withheld by the Trust and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. If
there is a possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to a distribution (such as a distribution to a non-U.S. Noteholder), the Trust Collateral Agent may in its sole discretion withhold such
amounts in accordance with this clause (d). In the event that a Noteholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding tax, the Trust Collateral Agent shall reasonably cooperate with such Noteholder in making such claim so long as such
Noteholder agrees to reimburse the Trust Collateral Agent for any out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees and expenses) incurred. 

(e) Distributions required to be made to Noteholders on any Distribution Date shall be made to each Noteholder of record on the preceding
Record Date either by (i) wire transfer, in immediately available funds, to the account of such Holder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefore, if such Noteholder shall have provided to the Note Registrar appropriate
written instructions at least five (5) Business Days prior to such Distribution Date and such Holders Notes in the aggregate evidence a denomination of not less than $1,000,000 or (ii) by check mailed to such Noteholder at the
address of such holder appearing in the Note Register. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the final distribution in respect of any Note (whether on the Final Scheduled Distribution Date or otherwise) will be payable only upon presentation and surrender
of such Note at the office or agency maintained for that purpose by the Note Registrar pursuant to Section 2.4 of the Indenture. 

(f)
Subject to Section 5.1 and this Section, monies received by the Trust Collateral Agent hereunder need not be segregated in any manner except to the extent required by law and may be deposited under such general conditions as may be prescribed
by law, and the Trust Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any interest thereon. 

48 

SECTION 5.8. Reserve Account. 

(a) On the Closing Date, the Seller shall deposit the Specified Reserve Balance into the Reserve Account. Amounts held from time to time in the
Reserve Account shall be held by the Trust Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Noteholders. 

(b) The Seller may, from time to time
after the date hereof, request each Rating Agency to approve a formula for determining the Specified Reserve Balance that is different from the formula set forth herein, which may result in a decrease in the amount of the Specified Reserve Balance
or change the manner by which the Reserve Account is funded. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the use of such new formula will be deemed to be approved upon the satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition with respect to the
use of such new formula, and the Specified Reserve Balance will be determined in accordance with such new formula and this Agreement will be amended to reflect such new formula without the consent of any Noteholder. 

(c) On each Distribution Date, the Servicer shall instruct the Trust Collateral Agent (based on the information contained in the
Servicers Certificate delivered on the related Determination Date) (A) if the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account (without taking into account any amount on deposit in the Reserve Account representing net Investment Earnings) is less
than the Specified Reserve Balance, in which case the Trust Collateral Agent shall, after payment of any amounts required to be distributed pursuant to clauses (i) through (viii) of Section 5.7(a) deposit in the Reserve Account the Reserve
Account Deposit Amount pursuant to Section 5.7(a)(ix), and (B) if the amount on deposit in the Reserve Account, after giving effect to all other deposits thereto and withdrawals therefrom to be made on such Distribution Date is greater
than the Specified Reserve Balance, in which case the Trust Collateral Agent shall distribute the amount of such excess as part of Available Funds on such Distribution Date. 

(d) On each Distribution Date, the Servicer shall instruct the Trust Collateral Agent (based on the information contained in the
Servicers Certificate delivered on the related Determination Date) to withdraw the Reserve Account Withdrawal Amount from the Reserve Account and deposit such amounts in the Collection Account to be included as Total Available Funds for that
Distribution Date. 

(e) Amounts properly transferred to the Certificate Distribution Account for payment to the Certificateholder pursuant
to this Agreement shall not be available to the Trust Collateral Agent or the Trust for the purpose of making deposits to the Reserve Account, or making payments to the Noteholders, nor shall the Certificateholder be required to refund any amount
properly received by them. 

SECTION 5.9. Statements to Noteholders. 

(a) On or prior to each Distribution Date, the Trust Collateral Agent shall make available to each Noteholder of record a statement setting
forth at least the following information as to the Notes solely to the extent such information has been received from the Servicer pursuant to Section 4.9: 

(i) the amount of such distribution allocable to principal of each Class of Notes; 

49 

(ii) the amount of such distribution allocable to interest on or with
respect to each Class of Notes; 

(iii) the required Reserve Account Withdrawal Amount or any excess released from the
Reserve Account and included in Available Funds; 

(iv) the Pool Balance and Adjusted Pool Balance as of the close of
business on the last day of the preceding Collection Period; 

(v) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of each Class of
the Notes and the Note Pool Factor for each such Class after giving effect to payments allocated to principal reported under (i) above; 

(vi) the amount of the Servicing Fee paid to the Servicer with respect to the related Collection Period and/or due but unpaid
with respect to such Collection Period or prior Collection Periods, as the case may be; 

(vii) the Noteholders
Interest Carryover Amount, if any, and the change in that amount from the preceding statement; 

(viii) the Yield Supplement
Overcollateralization Amount as of the opening of business on the first day of the preceding Collection Period and as of the close of business on the last day of the preceding Collection Period; 

(ix) the amount of the aggregate Realized Losses, if any, for the second preceding Collection Period; and 

(x) the aggregate Purchase Amounts for Receivables, if any, that were repurchased by the Servicer or the Seller in such period.

(b) The Trust Collateral Agent will make available each month to each Noteholder the statements referred to in Section 5.9(a) above
(and certain other documents, reports and information regarding the Receivables provided by the Servicer from time to time) via the Trust Collateral Agents internet website, with the use of a password provided by the Trust Collateral Agent.
The Trust Collateral Agents internet website will be located at www.sf.citidirect.com or at such other address as the Trust Collateral Agent shall notify the Noteholders from time to time. For assistance with regard to this service,
Noteholders can call the Trust Collateral Agents website assistance line at (888) 855-9695. The Trust Collateral Agent shall have the right to change the way the statements referred to in
Section 5.9(a) above are distributed in order to make such distribution more convenient and/or more accessible to the parties entitled to receive such statements so long as such statements are only provided to the then current Noteholders. The
Trust Collateral Agent shall provide notification of any such change to all parties entitled to receive such statements in the manner described in Section 12.3 hereof, Section 11.4 of the Indenture or Section 11.5 of the Indenture, as
appropriate. 

50 

SECTION 5.10. SOFR Determination. The Issuer agrees that for so long as the Class A-2-B Notes are Outstanding, the Trust Collateral Agent shall calculate SOFR for each Interest Period in accordance with the definition of SOFR herein.
On each SOFR Determination Date, the Trust Collateral Agent shall notify the Servicer and the Issuer by e-mail of SOFR for the related Interest Period. If an alternative benchmark rate has been adopted by GM
Financial in accordance with the definition of SOFR herein, GM Financial shall calculate the alternative benchmark rate for each Interest Period and notify the Trust Collateral Agent, the Servicer and the Issuer by e-mail of such calculation for the related Interest Period. The adoption of any alternative benchmark rate by GM Financial shall be in its sole discretion and shall become effective without the consent of any other
person (including any Noteholder). The Noteholders shall not have any right to approve or disapprove any such election by GM Financial and each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, shall be deemed to waive and release any and all claims against
any transaction party relating to any such election by GM Financial. All determinations of SOFR by the Trust Collateral Agent, and all determinations by GM Financial of any alternative benchmark rate, in the absence of manifest error, shall be
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. The Owner Trustee shall not have any obligation to determine SOFR, 30-day average SOFR, any SOFR Determination Date, or any SOFR Business Day and shall have no
liability for any such determinations made by the Trust Collateral Agent. The Trust Collateral Agent shall have no duty, responsibility or obligation to determine any alternative benchmark rate, nor have any liability in connection therewith.
Neither the Owner Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall have any obligation to determine any alternative benchmark rate adopted by GM Financial. 

ARTICLE VI 

[Reserved]

ARTICLE VII 

The Seller

SECTION 7.1. Representations of Seller. The Seller makes the following representations on which the Issuer is deemed to have
relied in acquiring the Receivables and on which the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent may rely. The representations speak as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, and shall survive the sale of the
Receivables to the Issuer and the pledge thereof to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture. 

(a) Schedules of
Representations. The representations and warranties set forth on the Schedules of Representations attached hereto as Schedule B-1 and Schedule B-2 are true and
correct. 

(b) Organization and Good Standing. The Seller has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has,
power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and sell the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property transferred to the Trust. 

51 

(c) Due Qualification. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation, is in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect Sellers ability to transfer the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
Property to the Trust pursuant to this Agreement, or the validity or enforceability of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property or to perform Sellers obligations hereunder and under the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party.

(d) Power and Authority. The Seller has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Basic Documents to
which the Seller is a party and to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively; the Seller has full power and authority to sell and assign the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with the Trust
by it and has duly authorized such sale and assignment to the Trust by all necessary corporate action; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Sellers Basic Documents have been duly authorized by the Seller by all
necessary corporate action. 

(e) Valid Sale, Binding Obligations. This Agreement effects a valid sale, transfer and assignment of
the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, enforceable against the Seller and creditors of and purchasers from the Seller; and this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party, when duly executed and delivered, shall
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Seller enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(f) No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a
party and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of or constitute (with or without notice, lapse of time
or both) a default under the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Seller, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the Seller is a party or by which it is
bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other than this Agreement, or violate any law, order, rule or
regulation applicable to the Seller of any court or of any federal or State regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Seller or any of its properties. 

(g) No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to the Sellers knowledge, threatened against the
Seller, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Seller or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the Basic
Documents, (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and
adversely affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, or (iv) seeking to adversely affect the federal income tax or other federal, State or
local tax attributes of the Notes. 

52 

(h) Solvency. The Seller is not insolvent, nor will the Seller be made insolvent by
the transfer of the Receivables, nor does the Seller anticipate any pending insolvency. 

(i) No Consents. The Seller is not required
to obtain the consent of any other party or any consent, license, approval or authorization, or registration or declaration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement which has not already been obtained. 

(j) True Sale. The Receivables are being transferred with the
intention of removing them from the Sellers estate pursuant to Section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

(k) Ordinary Course of Business. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Seller is a party
are in the ordinary course of the Sellers business. 

(l) Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business. The chief
executive office and principal place of business of the Seller is at 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. 

(m)
Investment Company Act. Neither the Seller nor the Issuer is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. 

SECTION 7.2. Corporate Existence. 

(a) During the term of this Agreement, the Seller will keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and franchises as a corporation
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this
Agreement, the Basic Documents and each other instrument or agreement necessary or appropriate to the proper administration of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) During the term of this Agreement, the Seller shall observe the applicable legal requirements for the recognition of the Seller as a legal
entity separate and apart from its Affiliates, including as follows: 

(i) the Seller shall maintain corporate records and
books of account separate from those of its Affiliates; 

(ii) except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Seller
shall not commingle its assets and funds with those of its Affiliates; 

(iii) the Seller shall hold such appropriate
meetings of its board of directors, or adopt resolutions pursuant to a unanimous written consent of the board of directors, as are necessary to authorize all the Sellers corporate actions required by law to be authorized by the board of
directors, shall keep minutes of such meetings and of meetings of its stockholder(s) and observe all other customary corporate formalities (and any successor Seller not a corporation shall observe similar procedures in accordance with its governing
documents and applicable law); 

53 

(iv) the Seller shall at all times hold itself out to the public under the
Sellers own name as a legal entity separate and distinct from its Affiliates; 

(v) all transactions and dealings
between the Seller and its Affiliates will be conducted on an arms length basis; and 

(vi) the Seller shall pay from
its assets all obligations and Indebtedness of any kind incurred by the Seller; provided, that, a stockholder may pay fees and expenses of the Seller. 

SECTION 7.3. Liability of Seller; Indemnities. The Seller shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations
specifically undertaken by the Seller under this Agreement. 

(a) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Owner Trustee,
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any such Person with respect to the transactions or activities
contemplated in this Agreement and any of the Basic Documents (except any income taxes arising out of fees paid to the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee and except any taxes to which the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral
Agent or the Trustee may otherwise be subject to, without regard to the transactions contemplated hereby), including any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, tangible or intangible personal property, privilege or license taxes (but, in the
case of the Issuer, not including any taxes asserted with respect to, federal or other income taxes arising out of distributions on the Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against the same. 

(b) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent and the
officers, directors, employees and agents thereof and the Noteholders from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of (i) the Sellers willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties
under this Agreement, or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under this Agreement and (ii) the Sellers or the Issuers violation of federal or State securities laws in connection with the offering and sale
of the Notes. 

(c) The Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, Trustee and the Trust Collateral
Agent and the officers, directors, employees and agents thereof from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages and liabilities arising out of, or incurred in connection with the acceptance or performance of the trusts and
duties set forth herein and in the Basic Documents except to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage or liability shall be due to the willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment) of the Owner Trustee,
Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, respectively. 

54 

Indemnification under this Section shall survive the resignation or removal of the Owner
Trustee, the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent and the termination of this Agreement or the Indenture or the Trust Agreement, as applicable, and shall include reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and other expenses of litigation (including
any reasonable fees and expenses of counsel incurred by any indemnified party in connection with any action or suit brought to enforce any indemnification or other obligation under the Basic Documents). If the Seller shall have made any indemnity
payments pursuant to this Section and the Person to or on behalf of whom such payments are made thereafter shall collect any of such amounts from others, such Person shall promptly repay such amounts to the Seller, without interest. 

SECTION 7.4. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of the Obligations of, Seller. Any Person (a) into which the Seller may be
merged or consolidated, (b) which may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Seller shall be a party or (c) which may succeed to the properties and assets of the Seller substantially as a whole, which Person in any of the
foregoing cases executes an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of the Seller under this Agreement, shall be the successor to the Seller hereunder without the execution or filing of any document or any further act by any of the
parties to this Agreement; provided, however, that (i) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no representation or warranty made pursuant to Section 3.1(a) shall have been breached and no Servicer Termination Event,
and no event which, after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a Servicer Termination Event shall have happened and be continuing, (ii) the Seller shall have delivered to the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee
an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section and that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement
relating to such transaction have been complied with, (iii) the Rating Agency Condition shall have been satisfied with respect to such transaction and (iv) the Seller shall have delivered to the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent
and the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and
protect the interest of the Trust Collateral Agent, the Issuer and the Trustee, respectively, in the Receivables and reciting the details of such filings or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the execution of the foregoing agreement of assumption and compliance with clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall be conditions to the consummation of the transactions referred to in
clauses (a), (b) or (c) above. 

SECTION 7.5. Limitation on Liability of Servicer, Seller and Others. The Servicer, the Seller
and any of its respective directors or officers or employees or agents of the Servicer or the Seller may rely in good faith on the advice of counsel or on any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting
any matters arising under any Basic Document. Neither the Servicer nor the Seller shall be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that shall not be incidental to its obligations under this Agreement, and that in its
opinion may involve it in any expense or liability. 

55 

SECTION 7.6. Ownership of the Certificates or Notes. The Seller and any Affiliate
thereof may in its individual or any other capacity become the owner or pledgee of Certificates or Notes with the same rights as it would have if it were not the Seller or an Affiliate thereof, except as expressly provided herein or in any Basic
Document. Notes or Certificates so owned by the Seller or such Affiliate shall have an equal and proportionate benefit under the provisions of the Basic Documents, without preference, priority, or distinction as among all of the Notes or
Certificates; provided, however, that any Notes or Certificates owned by the Seller or any Affiliate thereof, during the time such Notes or Certificates are owned by them, shall be without voting rights for any purpose set forth in the Basic
Documents. The Seller shall notify the Owner Trustee, the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent with respect to any other transfer of any Certificate. 

ARTICLE VIII 

The Servicer

SECTION 8.1. Representations of Servicer. The Servicer makes the following representations on which the Issuer is deemed to
have relied in acquiring the Receivables. The representations speak as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, and shall survive the sale of the Receivables to the Issuer and the pledge thereof to the Trust
Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture. 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in
Schedule B-1 and Schedule B-2 are true and correct; provided, that, such representations and warranties contained therein and herein shall not apply to any
entity other than GM Financial. 

(b) Organization and Good Standing. The Servicer has been duly organized and is validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, with power, authority and legal right to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted, and had
at all relevant times, and now has, power, authority and legal right to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(c)
Due Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, is in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the
conduct of its business (including the servicing of the Receivables as required by this Agreement) requires or shall require such qualification. 

(d) Power and Authority. The Servicer has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which
the Servicer is a party and to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Servicers Basic Documents have been duly authorized by the Servicer by all necessary
corporate action. 

(e) Binding Obligation. This Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party shall constitute
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Servicer enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

56 

(f) No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party, and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Servicer is a party, shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions
of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Servicer, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the Servicer is a party or by
which it is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other than this Agreement, or violate any law,
order, rule or regulation applicable to the Servicer of any court or of any federal or State regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or any of its properties. 

(g) No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to the Servicers knowledge, threatened against the
Servicer, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the Basic
Documents, (B) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, (C) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and
adversely affect the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents or (D) seeking to adversely affect the federal income tax or other federal, State or
local tax attributes of the Notes. 

(h) No Consents. The Servicer is not required to obtain the consent of any other party or any
consent, license, approval or authorization, or registration or declaration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement which has not
already been obtained. 

(i) Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business. The chief executive office and principal place
of business of the Servicer is located at 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. 

(j) Office of Foreign Assets
Control. The Servicer covenants and represents that (A) neither it nor any of its Affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers are the target or subject of any sanctions enforced by the U.S. government, (including, the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, HM Treasury, or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions) and (B) neither it nor any of its
Affiliates, subsidiaries, directors or officers will use any payments made pursuant to this Agreement, (i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or do business with any Person who, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject
or target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or do business with any country or territory that is the target or subject of Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any
Person. 

57 

SECTION 8.2. Liability of Servicer; Indemnities. 

(a) The Servicer (in its capacity as such) shall be liable hereunder only to the extent of the obligations in this Agreement specifically
undertaken by the Servicer and the representations made by the Servicer. 

(b) The Servicer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner Trustee, their respective officers, directors, agents and employees, and the Noteholders from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership or operation by the Servicer or any Affiliate thereof of any Financed Vehicle. 

(c) The Servicer (when the Servicer is GM Financial) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral
Agent, the Owner Trustee, their respective officers, directors, agents and employees and the Noteholders from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted against any of such parties with respect to the transactions or activities
contemplated in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, tangible or intangible personal property, privilege or license taxes (but not including any federal or other income taxes, including
franchise taxes asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Trust or the issuance and original sale of the Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against the same. 

(d) The Servicer (when the Servicer is not GM Financial) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral
Agent, the Owner Trustee, their respective officers, directors, agents and employees and the Noteholders from and against any taxes with respect to the sale of Receivables in connection with servicing hereunder that may at any time be asserted
against any of such parties with respect to the transactions or activities contemplated in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, tangible or intangible personal property, privilege or license
taxes (but not including any federal or other income taxes, including franchise taxes asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Trust or the issuance and original sale of the
Notes) and costs and expenses in defending against the same. 

(e) The Servicer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trust, the
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner Trustee, their respective officers, directors, agents and employees and the Noteholders from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities, including reasonable fees
and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation, to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage, or liability arose out of, or was imposed upon the Trust, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Noteholders
by reason of the breach of this Agreement by the Servicer, the negligence, misfeasance, or bad faith of the Servicer in the performance of its duties under this Agreement or by reason of reckless disregard of its obligations and duties under this
Agreement. 

(f) GM Financial shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner
Trustee, their respective officers, directors, agents and employees and the Noteholders from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of the violation by Servicer or Seller of federal or State securities laws in connection with
the registration or the sale of the Notes. 

58 

(g) GM Financial shall indemnify the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent
and the respective officers, directors, agents and employees thereof against any and all loss, liability or expense, (including attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by each of them in connection with the acceptance or administration of the
Trust and the performance of their duties under the Basic Documents other than if such loss, liability or expense was incurred by the Trustee, the Owner Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent as a result of any such entitys willful misconduct,
bad faith or negligence (except for errors in judgment). 

(h) Indemnification under this Article shall include, without limitation,
reasonable fees and expenses of counsel (including any reasonable fees and expenses of counsel incurred by any indemnified party in connection with any action or suit brought to enforce any indemnification or other obligation under the Basic
Documents) and expenses of litigation. If the Servicer has made any indemnity payments pursuant to this Article and the recipient thereafter collects any of such amounts from others, the recipient shall promptly repay such amounts collected to the
Servicer, without interest. 

(i) When the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent incurs expenses after the occurrence of a Servicer
Termination Event specified in Section 9.1(c) with respect to the Servicer, the expenses are intended to constitute expenses of administration under Title 11 of the United States Code or any other applicable federal or State bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar law. 

(j) This Section 8.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, or the earlier removal or
resignation of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee. 

SECTION 8.3. Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of
the Obligations of the Servicer. 

GM Financial shall not merge or consolidate with any other Person, convey, transfer or lease
substantially all its assets as an entirety to another Person, or permit any other Person to become the successor to GM Financials business unless, after the merger, consolidation, conveyance, transfer, lease or succession, the successor or
surviving entity shall be capable of fulfilling the duties of GM Financial contained in this Agreement and shall be acceptable to the Majority Noteholders, and shall be an eligible servicer. Any corporation (a) into which GM Financial may be
merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which GM Financial shall be a party, (c) which acquires by conveyance, transfer, or lease substantially all of the assets of GM Financial, or (d) succeeding to
the business of GM Financial, in any of the foregoing cases shall execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of GM Financial under this Agreement and, whether or not such assumption agreement is executed, shall be the successor
to GM Financial under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement, anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding; provided, however, that
nothing contained herein shall be deemed to release GM Financial from any obligation. GM Financial shall provide notice of any merger, consolidation or succession pursuant to this Section to the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the
Noteholders and each Rating Agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GM 

59 

Financial shall not merge or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to become a successor to GM Financials business, unless (x) immediately after giving effect to
such transaction, no covenant made pursuant to Section 4.6 shall have been breached (for purposes hereof, such covenants shall speak as of the date of the consummation of such transaction), (y) GM Financial shall have delivered to the Owner
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Rating Agencies an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section and
that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied with, and (z) GM Financial shall have delivered to the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Rating
Agencies an Opinion of Counsel, stating in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been executed and filed that are necessary to preserve and protect the interest
of the Trust in the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property and reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest. 

SECTION 8.4. Limitation on Liability of Servicer and Others. 

Neither GM Financial nor any of the directors or officers or employees or agents of GM Financial shall be under any liability to the Trust or
the Noteholders, except as provided in this Agreement, for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect GM Financial or any such Person
against any liability that would otherwise be imposed by reason of a breach of this Agreement or willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence (excluding errors in judgment) in the performance of duties; provided,further, that this
provision shall not affect any liability to indemnify the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Owner Trustee for costs, taxes, expenses, claims, liabilities, losses or damages paid by the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Owner
Trustee, in their individual capacities. GM Financial and any director, officer, employee or agent of GM Financial may rely in good faith on the written advice of counsel or on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by
any Person respecting any matters arising under this Agreement. 

SECTION 8.5. Delegation of Duties. The Servicer may delegate
duties under this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which it is a party to an Affiliate of the Servicer, a third-party subservicer or a sub-contractor without first obtaining the consent of any Person. The
fees and expenses of any third-party subservicer or sub-contractor will be as agreed between the Servicer and such third-party subservicer or sub-contractor, as
applicable, and none of the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner Trustee, the Issuer or the Noteholders will have any responsibility for those fees and expenses. No delegation or sub-contracting by
the Servicer of its duties herein in the manner described in this Section 8.5 shall relieve the Servicer of its responsibility with respect to such duties. 

SECTION 8.6. Servicer Not to Resign. Subject to the provisions of Section 8.3, the Servicer shall not resign from the obligations
and duties imposed on it by this Agreement as Servicer except upon a determination that, by reason of a change in legal requirements, the performance of its duties under this Agreement would cause it to be in violation of such legal requirements in
a manner which would have a material adverse effect on the Servicer if the Majority Noteholders do not elect to waive the obligations of the Servicer to perform the duties 

60 

which render it legally unable to act or to delegate those duties to another Person. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Servicer shall be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel
to such effect delivered and acceptable to the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee. No resignation of the Servicer shall become effective until an entity acceptable to the Majority Noteholders shall have assumed the responsibilities and
obligations of the Servicer. 

ARTICLE IX 

Default 

SECTION 9.1.
Servicer Termination Event. For purposes of this Agreement, each of the following shall constitute a Servicer Termination Event: 

(a) Any failure by the Servicer to deliver to the Trust Collateral Agent for distribution to Noteholders any proceeds or payment required to be
so delivered under the terms of this Agreement that continues unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days after written notice is received by the Servicer from the Trust Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Majority Noteholders) or
after actual knowledge of such failure by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer; 

(b) Failure on the part of the Servicer duly to observe
or perform any other covenants or agreements of the Servicer set forth in this Agreement, which failure (i) materially and adversely affects the rights of Noteholders, and (ii) continues unremedied for a period of sixty (60) days
after actual knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Servicer or after the date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied, shall have been given to the Servicer by the Trust Collateral Agent (at the
direction of the Majority Noteholders); or 

(c) An Insolvency Event with respect to the Servicer; 

provided, however, that if any event described in (i) clause (a) above shall have been caused by a Force Majeure Event or other
similar occurrence, the five (5) Business Day grace period shall be extended for an additional sixty (60) calendar days and (ii) clause (b) above shall have been caused by a Force Majeure Event or other similar occurrence, the sixty
(60) day grace period shall be extended for an additional ninety (90) calendar days. 

SECTION 9.2. Consequences of a Servicer
Termination Event. If a Servicer Termination Event shall occur and be continuing, the Trust Collateral Agent may, or at the direction of the Majority Noteholders shall, by notice given in writing to the Servicer (and to the Trust Collateral
Agent if given by the Noteholders) terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Servicer under this Agreement. On or after the receipt by the Servicer of such written notice or upon termination of the term of the Servicer, all authority,
power, obligations and responsibilities of the Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Notes, the Certificate or the Other Conveyed Property or otherwise, shall pass to, be vested in and become obligations and responsibilities of
the successor Servicer appointed by the Majority Noteholders; provided, however, that the successor Servicer shall have no liability with respect to any obligation which was required to be performed by the terminated Servicer prior to the
date that the successor Servicer becomes the Servicer or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the terminated Servicer. The successor Servicer is authorized and empowered by this

61 

Agreement to execute and deliver, on behalf of the terminated Servicer, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and
all documents and other instruments and to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such notice of termination, whether to complete the transfer and endorsement of the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property and related documents to show the Trust as lienholder or secured party on the related Lien Certificates, or otherwise. The terminated Servicer agrees to cooperate with the successor Servicer in effecting the termination of the
responsibilities and rights of the terminated Servicer under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the transfer to the successor Servicer for administration by it of all cash amounts that shall at the time be held by the terminated Servicer
for deposit, or have been deposited by the terminated Servicer, in the Collection Account or thereafter received with respect to the Receivables and the delivery to the successor Servicer of all Receivable Files, Monthly Records and Collection
Records and a computer tape in readable form as of the most recent Business Day containing all information necessary to enable the successor Servicer to service the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. The terminated Servicer shall grant the
Trust Collateral Agent, the successor Servicer and the Majority Noteholders reasonable access to the terminated Servicers premises at the terminated Servicers expense. 

SECTION 9.3. Appointment of Successor. 

(a) On and after the time the Servicer receives a notice of termination pursuant to Section 9.2 or upon the resignation of the Servicer
pursuant to Section 8.6, the Controlling Party may, or at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders shall, appoint an eligible servicer as successor Servicer or may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a Person that it
determines is competent to perform the duties of the Servicer hereunder as successor Servicer. Pending appointment pursuant to the preceding sentence, the outgoing Servicer shall continue to act as Servicer until a successor has been appointed and
accepted such appointment. Any successor Servicer shall be the successor in all respects to the Servicer in its capacity as Servicer under this Agreement and the transactions set forth or provided for in this Agreement, and shall be subject to all
the rights, responsibilities, restrictions, duties, liabilities and termination provisions relating thereto placed on the Servicer by the terms and provisions of this Agreement except as otherwise stated herein. The Trust Collateral Agent and such
successor shall take such action, consistent with this Agreement, as shall be necessary to effectuate any such succession. If a successor Servicer is acting as Servicer hereunder, it shall be subject to termination under Section 9.2 upon the
occurrence of any Servicer Termination Event applicable to it as Servicer. If no Person has accepted its appointment as successor Servicer when the predecessor Servicer ceases to act as Servicer in accordance with Section 9.2 or
Section 8.6, the Trust Collateral Agent or other eligible successor servicer appointed by the Trust Collateral Agent and who has accepted such appointment, will, without further action, be automatically appointed the successor Servicer.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Trust Collateral Agent is unwilling or legally unable to act as successor Servicer, it may appoint, or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, an institution whose business includes the servicing of
motor vehicle receivables, as successor Servicer. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with transferring the servicing of the Receivables to the successor Servicer and amending this agreement to reflect such succession as
Servicer pursuant to this Section shall be paid by the predecessor Servicer upon presentation of reasonable documentation of such costs and expenses. The Trust Collateral Agent will be released from its duties and obligations as successor Servicer
on the date that a new servicer agrees to appointment as successor Servicer hereunder. 

62 

(b) Any successor Servicer shall be entitled to such compensation (whether payable out of
the Collection Account or otherwise) as the Servicer would have been entitled to under this Agreement if the Servicer had not resigned or been terminated hereunder or such additional compensation as the Majority Noteholders and such successor
Servicer may agree on. 

SECTION 9.4. Notification to Noteholders. Upon any termination of, or appointment of a successor to, the
Servicer, the Trust Collateral Agent shall give prompt written notice thereof to each Noteholder and to the Seller (who shall promptly deliver such notice to the Rating Agencies). 

SECTION 9.5. Waiver of Past Defaults. The Majority Noteholders may, on behalf of all Noteholders, waive any default by the Servicer in
the performance of its obligations hereunder and its consequences. Upon any such waiver of a past default, such default shall cease to exist, and any Servicer Termination Event arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been remedied for every
purpose of this Agreement and the Basic Documents. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

ARTICLE X 

Termination

SECTION 10.1. Optional Purchase of All Receivables. 

(a) Subject to Section 10.1(a) of the Indenture, on the last day of any Collection Period as of which the Pool Balance shall be less than
or equal to 10% of the Original Pool Balance, the Servicer and the Seller each shall have the option to purchase the Owner Trust Estate, other than the Trust Accounts; provided, however, that the amount to be paid for such purchase (as set
forth in the following sentence) shall be sufficient to pay the full amount of principal, and interest then due and payable on the Notes. To exercise such option, the Servicer or the Seller, as the case may be, shall deposit pursuant to
Section 5.6 in the Collection Account an amount equal to the greater of (i) the amount necessary to pay the full amount of principal and interest then due and payable on the Notes and (ii) the aggregate Purchase Amount for the
Receivables (including Liquidated Receivables), plus the appraised value of any other property held by the Trust, (such value to be determined by the Servicer, or if the Trust Collateral Agent has received written notice that there is a
material error in the Servicers calculation, by an appraiser mutually agreed upon by the Servicer and the Trust Collateral Agent), and shall succeed to all interests in and to the Trust. 

(b) Upon any sale of the assets of the Trust pursuant to Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement, the Servicer shall instruct the Trust
Collateral Agent to deposit the proceeds from such sale after all payments and reserves therefrom (including the expenses of such sale) have been made (the Insolvency Proceeds) in the Collection Account. 

(c) Notice of any termination of the Trust shall be given by the Servicer to the Owner Trustee, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the
Rating Agencies as soon as practicable after the Servicer has received notice thereof. 

(d) Following the satisfaction and discharge of the
Indenture and the payment in full of the principal of and interest on the Notes, the Certificateholder will succeed to the rights of the Noteholders hereunder and the Certificateholder will succeed to the rights of, and assume the obligations of,
the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

63 

ARTICLE XI 

Administrative Duties of the Servicer 

SECTION 11.1. Administrative Duties. 

(a) Duties with Respect to the Indenture. The Servicer shall perform all its duties and the duties of the Issuer under the Indenture. In
addition, the Servicer shall consult with the Owner Trustee as the Servicer deems appropriate regarding the duties of the Issuer under the Indenture. The Servicer shall monitor the performance of the Issuer and shall advise the Owner Trustee when
action is necessary to comply with the Issuers duties under the Indenture. The Servicer shall prepare for execution by the Issuer or shall cause the preparation by other appropriate Persons of all such documents, reports, filings, instruments,
certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty of the Issuer to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Indenture. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Servicer shall take all necessary action that is the duty of the Issuer to take pursuant to
the Indenture, including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 2.7, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.9, 3.10, 3.17, 5.1, 5.4, 6.9, 8.2, 9.2, 9.3, 11.1 and 11.15 of the Indenture. 

(b) Duties with Respect to the Issuer. 

(i) In addition to the duties of the Servicer set forth in this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents, the Servicer shall
perform such calculations and shall prepare, file or deliver on behalf of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee or shall cause the preparation, filing or delivery by other appropriate Persons of all such documents, reports, filings, instruments,
certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents or under State and federal tax and securities laws (including any filings
required pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder), and at the request of the Owner Trustee shall take all appropriate action that it is the duty of the Issuer to take pursuant to this Agreement or
any of the Basic Documents, including, without limitation, pursuant to Sections 2.6 and 2.11 of the Trust Agreement. In accordance with the directions of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, the Servicer shall administer, perform or supervise the
performance of such other activities in connection with the Collateral (including the Basic Documents) as are not covered by any of the foregoing provisions and as are expressly requested by the Issuer or the Owner Trustee and are reasonably within
the capability of the Servicer. The Servicer shall monitor the activities of the Issuer to ensure the Issuers compliance with Section 4.6 of the Trust Agreement and shall take all action necessary to ensure that the Issuer is operated in
accordance with the provisions of such section. 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any of the Basic
Documents to the contrary, the Servicer shall be responsible for promptly notifying the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent in the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the Issuers payments (or allocations of income) to a
Holder (as defined in the Trust Agreement) as contemplated by this Agreement. Any such notice shall be in writing and specify the amount of any withholding tax required to be withheld by the Owner Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to
such provision. 

64 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Basic Documents to
the contrary, the Servicer shall be responsible for performance of the duties of the Issuer in accordance with Section 10.11 of the Trust Agreement with respect to, among other things, tax reporting and returns, accounting and reports to
Holders (as defined in the Trust Agreement); provided, however, that once prepared by the Servicer, the Owner Trustee shall retain responsibility for the distribution of any necessary Schedule K-1s, as
applicable, to enable the Certificateholder to prepare its federal and State income tax returns. 

(iv) The Servicer shall
perform the duties of the Servicer specified in Section 9.2 of the Trust Agreement required to be performed in connection with the resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee, the duties of the Servicer specified in Section 10.11 of the
Trust Agreement, and any other duties expressly required to be performed by the Servicer under this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents. 

(v) In carrying out the foregoing duties or any of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Servicer may enter into
transactions with or otherwise deal with any of its Affiliates; provided, however, that the terms of any such transactions or dealings shall be in accordance with any directions received from the Issuer and shall be, in the Servicers
opinion, no less favorable to the Issuer in any material respect. 

(c) Tax Matters. The Servicer shall prepare and file, on behalf
of the Seller, all tax returns, tax elections, financial statements and such annual or other reports attributable to the activities engaged in by the Issuer as are necessary for preparation of tax reports, including without limitation Form 1099. All
tax returns will be signed by the Seller or the Servicer. 

(d) Non-Ministerial Matters. With
respect to matters that in the reasonable judgment of the Servicer are non-ministerial, the Servicer shall not take any action pursuant to this Article unless within a reasonable time before the taking of such
action, the Servicer shall have notified the Owner Trustee and the Trustee of the proposed action and the Owner Trustee (acting at the direction of the Certificateholder) and, with respect to items (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) below, the Trustee
shall not have withheld consent. For the purpose of the preceding sentence, non-ministerial matters shall include: 

(i) the amendment of or any supplement to the Indenture; 

(ii) the initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuer and the compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or
against the Issuer (other than in connection with the collection of the Receivables); 

(iii) the amendment, change or
modification of this Agreement or any of the Basic Documents; 

65 

(iv) the appointment of successor Note Registrars, successor Note Paying
Agents and successor Trustees pursuant to the Indenture or the appointment of successor Servicers or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar, the Note Paying Agent or the Trustee of its obligations under the Indenture; and 

(v) the removal of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent. 

(e) Exceptions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein or in the Basic
Documents, the Servicer, in its capacity hereunder, shall not be obligated to, and shall not, (i) make any payments to the Noteholders or the Certificateholder under the Basic Documents, (ii) sell the Trust Property pursuant to
Section 5.5 of the Indenture, (iii) take any other action that the Issuer directs the Servicer not to take on its behalf or (iv) in connection with its duties hereunder assume any indemnification obligation of any other Person. 

(f) No successor Servicer shall be responsible for any obligations or duties of the Servicer under this Section 11.1. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, GM Financial shall continue to perform the obligations of the Servicer under this Section 11.1. 

SECTION 11.2. Records. The Servicer shall maintain appropriate books of account and records relating to services performed under this
Agreement, which books of account and records shall be accessible for inspection by the Issuer at any time during normal business hours. 

SECTION 11.3. Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer. The Servicer shall furnish to the Issuer from time to time such
additional information regarding the Collateral as the Issuer shall reasonably request. 

SECTION 11.4. Review Reports. Upon the
request of any Noteholder to the Servicer for a copy of any Review Report (as defined in the Asset Representations Review Agreement), the Servicer shall promptly provide a copy of such Review Report to such Noteholder; provided,
that,if the requesting Noteholder is not a Noteholder of record, such Noteholder must provide the Servicer with a written certification stating that it is a beneficial owner of a Note, together with supporting documentation supporting
that statement (which may include, but is not limited to, a trade confirmation, an account statement or a letter from a broker or dealer verifying ownership) before the Servicer delivers such Review Report to such Noteholder; provided, further, that
if such Review Report contains personally identifiable information regarding Obligors, then the Servicer may condition its delivery of that portion of the Review Report to the requesting Noteholder on such Noteholders delivery to the Servicer
of an agreement acknowledging that such Noteholder may use such information only for the limited purpose of assessing the nature of the related breaches of representations and warranties and may not use that information for any other purpose. 

66 

ARTICLE XII 

Miscellaneous Provisions 

SECTION 12.1. Amendment. 

(a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the parties hereto, with the consent of the Trustee (which consent may not be
unreasonably withheld), but without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provisions in this Agreement or for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any
of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided, however, that such amendments require: (i) satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition or (ii) an Officers Certificate
of the Servicer delivered to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee stating that the amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any Noteholder. 

(b) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the parties hereto, with the consent of the Trustee, and with the consent of the
Majority Noteholders for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided, however, that no such
amendment shall (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on Receivables or distributions that shall be required to be made for the benefit of the Noteholders or
(ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, the Holders of which are required to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the Holders of all the Outstanding Notes of each class affected
thereby. 

Promptly after the execution of any such amendment or consent, the Trust Collateral Agent shall furnish written notification of
the substance of such amendment or consent to each Noteholder and the Seller (who shall deliver such notification to the Rating Agencies). 

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Noteholders pursuant to this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment
or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of Noteholders provided for in this Agreement) and of evidencing the authorization of any
action by Noteholders shall be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Trustee or the Issuer, as applicable, may prescribe. 

(c)
Prior to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent shall be entitled to receive and conclusively rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such amendment is
authorized or permitted by this Agreement and, with respect to any amendment to this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.1(b), the Opinion of Counsel referred to in Section 12.2(h)(i) has been delivered. The Owner Trustee, the Trust
Collateral Agent and the Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects the Issuers, the Owner Trustees, the Trust Collateral Agents or the Trustees, as applicable, own rights, duties
or immunities under this Agreement or otherwise. 

67 

SECTION 12.2. Protection of Title to Trust. 

(a) The Seller shall execute and file such financing statements and cause to be executed and filed such continuation statements, all in such
manner and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of the Issuer and the interests of the Trust Collateral Agent in the Receivables and in the proceeds thereof. The Seller shall deliver (or cause
to be delivered) to the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing. 

(b) Neither the Seller nor the Servicer shall change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would, could or might make
any financing statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with paragraph (a) above seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506 of the UCC, unless it shall have given the
Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee at least five (5) days prior written notice thereof and shall have promptly filed appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements or continuation statements.
Promptly upon such filing, the Seller or the Servicer, as the case may be, shall deliver an Opinion of Counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Trust Collateral Agent, stating either (i) all financing statements and
continuation statements have been executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Trust and the Trust Collateral Agent in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior
Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (ii) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest. 

(c) Each of the Seller and the Servicer shall have an obligation to give the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee at least
sixty (60) days prior written notice of any relocation of its principal executive office or jurisdiction of organization if, as a result of such relocation, the applicable provisions of the UCC would require the filing of any amendment of
any previously filed financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement and shall promptly file any such amendment or new financing statement. The Servicer shall at all times maintain (i) each office from which it shall
service Receivables within the United States of America or Canada, and (ii) its principal executive office within the United States of America. 

(d) The Servicer shall maintain accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit (i) the reader
thereof to know at any time the status of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or recoveries on (or with respect to) each Receivable and the
amounts from time to time deposited in the Collection Account in respect of such Receivable. 

(e) The Servicer shall maintain its computer
systems so that, from and after the time of sale under this Agreement of the Receivables to the Issuer, the Servicers master computer records (including any backup archives) that refer to a Receivable shall indicate clearly the interest of the
Trust in such Receivable and that such Receivable is owned by the Trust. Indication of the Trusts interest in a Receivable shall be deleted from or modified on the Servicers computer systems when, and only when, the related Receivable
shall have been paid in full or repurchased or sold pursuant to this Agreement. 

68 

(f) If at any time the Seller or the Servicer shall propose to sell, grant a security
interest in or otherwise transfer any interest in automotive receivables to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, the Servicer shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee computer tapes, records or printouts
(including any restored from backup archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable, shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold and is owned by the Trust. 

(g) Upon request, the Servicer shall furnish to the Owner Trustee or to the Trustee, within five (5) Business Days, a list of all
Receivables (by contract number and name of Obligor) then held as part of the Trust, together with a reconciliation of such list to the Schedule of Receivables and to each of the Servicers Certificates furnished before such request indicating
removal of Receivables from the Trust. 

(h) The Servicer shall deliver to the Owner Trustee and the Trustee: 

(i) promptly after the execution and delivery of the Agreement and, if required pursuant to Section 12.1, of each
amendment, an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements have been executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the
Trust and the Trust Collateral Agent in the Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such
interest; and 

(ii) within one-hundred twenty (120) days after the beginning
of each calendar year, beginning with the first calendar year beginning more than six (6) months after the Closing Date, an Opinion of Counsel, dated as of a date during such 120-day period, stating that,
in the opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements have been executed and filed that are necessary fully to preserve and protect the interest of the Trust and the Trust Collateral Agent in the
Receivables, and reciting the details of such filings or referring to prior Opinions of Counsel in which such details are given, or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest. 

Each Opinion of Counsel referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above shall specify any action necessary (as of the date of such opinion) to be
taken in the following year to preserve and protect such interest. 

SECTION 12.3. Notices. 

(a) All demands, notices and communications upon or to the Seller, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trustee or the Rating Agencies (upon
whom any demands, notices or communications shall be provided only by the Seller or the Servicer) under this Agreement shall be in writing, personally delivered, electronically delivered, mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, federal
express or similar overnight courier service, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt (i) in the case of the Seller, to AFS SenSub Corp., 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, Attention: Chief Financial
Officer, (ii) in the case of the Servicer, to GM Financial, 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, Attention: Robert 

69 

Pigott, SVP Corporate Finance, Email: Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com, (iii) in the case of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee, (iv) in
the case of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, at the applicable Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, (v) in the case of Fitch, to Fitch Ratings, Inc., 33 Whitehall Street, New York, New York, 10004,
Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance, (vi) in the case of Moodys, to Moodys Investors Service, Inc., 7 World Trade Center at 250 Greenwich Street, Asset Finance Group, 24th Floor, New York, New York 10007, and (vii) in the case
of the Asset Representations Reviewer, to ARRNotices@clayton.com and to Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC, 720 S. Colorado Boulevard, Suite 200, Glendale, Colorado 80246, Attention: Legal Department. Any notice required or permitted to be mailed to
a Noteholder shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, at the address of such Holder as shown in the Note Register. Any notice so mailed within the time prescribed in the Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given,
whether or not the Noteholder shall receive such notice. Where this Agreement provides for notice or delivery of documents to the Rating Agencies, failure to give such notice or deliver such documents shall not affect any other rights or obligations
created hereunder. 

(b) If GM Financial is no longer the Servicer, any successor Servicer shall provide any required Rating Agency notices
to the Seller, who shall promptly provide such notice to the Rating Agencies. 

SECTION 12.4. Assignment. This Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except as provided in Sections 7.4 and 8.3 and as provided in the provisions
of this Agreement concerning the resignation of the Servicer, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Seller or the Servicer without the prior written consent of the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee and the Majority
Noteholders. 

SECTION 12.5. Limitations on Rights of Others. The provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the
parties hereto, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee and the Noteholders, as third-party beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim in
the Owner Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein. 

SECTION
12.6. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 12.7. Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in multiple
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but together they shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and .pdf signatures shall be deemed valid and binding to the same extent as the original and the parties
affirmatively consent to the use thereof, with no such consent having been withdrawn. Each party agrees that this Agreement and any documents to be delivered in connection with this Agreement may be executed by means of an electronic signature that
complies with the federal Electronic 

70 

Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, State enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent
applicable. Any electronic signatures appearing on this Agreement and such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively
rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity
thereof. 

SECTION 12.8. Headings. The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for convenience of reference only
and shall not define or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

SECTION 12.9. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN
SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 

SECTION 12.10. Assignment to Trust Collateral Agent. The Seller hereby acknowledges and consents to any mortgage, pledge, assignment
and grant of a security interest by the Issuer to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders of all right, title and interest of the Issuer in, to and under the Receivables listed in Schedule A hereto
and/or the assignment of any or all of the Issuers rights and obligations hereunder to the Trust Collateral Agent. 

SECTION 12.11.
Nonpetition Covenants. 

(a) Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement, the Servicer, the Seller and the Trust
Collateral Agent shall not, prior to the date which is one (1) year and one (1) day after the termination of this Agreement with respect to the Issuer, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of
any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator
or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. 

(b) Notwithstanding any prior termination of this Agreement, neither the Servicer nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall, prior to the date that
is one (1) year and one (1) day after the termination of this Agreement with respect to the Seller, acquiesce to, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Seller to invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose
of commencing or sustaining a case against the Seller under any federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, or other similar official of the Seller or any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Seller. 

71 

SECTION 12.12. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent

(a) It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust
Company, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it under the Trust Agreement governing the organization and management of the Issuer,
(ii) each of the representations, covenants, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, covenants, undertakings and agreements by Wilmington Trust Company but is made
and intended for the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on Wilmington Trust Company, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied
contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) Wilmington Trust Company has not verified or made any investigation as to the
accuracy or completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer in this Agreement and (v) under no circumstances shall Wilmington Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer
or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary duty, if any), representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any other Basic Document. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed and delivered by Citibank, N.A., not in its
individual capacity but solely as Trust Collateral Agent and in no event shall Citibank, N.A. have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates,
notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. 

(c) Neither
the Owner Trustee nor the Trust Collateral Agent shall have any duty, responsibility or obligation to (or liability for failing to) monitor, supervise, confirm, verify, notify regarding or otherwise enforce the requirements or commitments
applicable to any Person arising under, related to or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Agreement or any law, rule or regulation in connection with risk retention. 

(d) In no event shall Citibank, N.A., in any of its capacities hereunder, be deemed to have assumed any duties of the Owner Trustee under the
Delaware Statutory Trust Act, common law, or the Trust Agreement or of the Servicer hereunder (unless it is acting as successor Servicer hereunder or is recording, registering, filing, re-recording,re-filing, or re-registering any financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument required by the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 3.5 of the
Indenture or is taking any action to perfect or re-perfect the security interests in the Financed Vehicles pursuant to Section 4.5(b)). 

(e) The Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent have the same rights, protections and immunities hereunder as they have under the Indenture as
if such rights, protections and immunities were expressly set forth herein mutatis mutandis. 

72 

SECTION 12.13. Trust Collateral Agent to Report Repurchase Demands due to Breaches of
Representations and Warranties. The Trust Collateral Agent will (a) notify the Servicer, GM Financial and the Seller, as soon as practicable and in any event within five (5) Business Days and in the manner set forth for providing
notices hereunder, of all demands or requests communicated (in writing or orally) to the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent for the repurchase of any Receivable pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Purchase Agreement or Section 3.2, (b)
promptly upon request by the Servicer, GM Financial or the Seller, provide to them any other information reasonably requested to facilitate compliance by them with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act and Items
1104(e) and 1121(c) of Regulation AB, and (c) if requested by the Servicer, GM Financial or the Seller, provide a written certification no later than fifteen (15) days following any calendar quarter or calendar year that Citibank, N.A. has
not received any repurchase demands for such period, or if repurchase demands have been received during such period, that the Trust Collateral Agent has provided all the information reasonably requested under clause (b) above with respect to
such demands. In no event will the Trust Collateral Agent or the Issuer have any responsibility or liability in connection with any filing required to be made by a securitizer under the Exchange Act or Regulation AB. 

SECTION 12.14. Independence of the Servicer. For all purposes of this Agreement, the Servicer shall be an independent contractor and
shall not be subject to the supervision of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or the Owner Trustee with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by this
Agreement or any Basic Document, the Servicer shall have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer or the Owner Trustee in any way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee. 

SECTION 12.15. No Joint Venture. Nothing contained in this Agreement (a) shall constitute the Servicer and any of the Issuer, the
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent or the Owner Trustee as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (b) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on any of
them or (c) shall be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the others. 

SECTION 12.16. State Business Licenses. The Servicer or the Certificateholder shall prepare and instruct the Trust to file each State
business license (and any renewal thereof) required to be filed under applicable State law without further consent or instruction from the Controlling Party, including a Sales Finance Company Application (and any renewal thereof) with the
Pennsylvania Department of Banking, Licensing Division, and a Financial Regulation Application (and any renewal thereof) with the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation. 

SECTION 12.17. Regulation RR Risk Retention. GM Financial, as sponsor, and the Depositor agree that (a) GM Financial will cause
the Depositor to, and the Depositor will, retain the eligible horizontal residual interest (the Retained Interest) (as defined in the Credit Risk Retention Rules) on the Closing Date and (b) GM Financial will not
permit the Depositor to, and the Depositor will not, sell, transfer, finance or hedge the Retained Interest except as permitted by the Credit Risk Retention Rules. 

73 

SECTION 12.18. Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action relating to this Agreement, the
Basic Documents or any other documents executed and delivered in connection herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts
of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof; 

(b) consents that any such
action may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of such action in any such court or that such action was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; and

(c) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, the Basic Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

74 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the day and the year first above written. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AFS SENSUB CORP.

as Seller

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. d/b/a GM Financial, as Servicer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

CITIBANK, N.A.

not in its individual capacity but solely as Trust Collateral Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Sale and Servicing Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES 

[On file with GM Financial, the Trustee and Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP] 

SCH-A-1 

SCHEDULE B-1

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER

REGARDING THE RECEIVABLES

1. Characteristics of Receivables. Each Receivable (A) was originated (i) by GM Financial or (ii) by a Dealer and
purchased by GM Financial from such Dealer under an existing Dealer Agreement or pursuant to a Dealer Assignment with GM Financial and was validly assigned by such Dealer to GM Financial pursuant to a Dealer Assignment, (B) was originated by GM
Financial or such Dealer for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of GM Financials or the Dealers business, in each case (i) was originated in accordance with GM Financials credit policies and
(ii) was fully and properly executed by the parties thereto, and (iii) GM Financial and, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, each Dealer had all necessary licenses and permits to originate Receivables in the
State where GM Financial or each such Dealer was located, (C) contains customary and enforceable provisions such as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for realization against the collateral security, and
(D) has not been amended or collections with respect to which waived, other than as evidenced in the Receivable File or the Servicers electronic records relating thereto. 

2. Compliance with Law. All requirements of applicable federal, State and local laws, and regulations thereunder (including, without
limitation, usury laws, the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the
Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Boards Regulations B and Z (including amendments to the Federal Reserves Official Staff Commentary to Regulation Z, effective
October 1, 1998, concerning negative equity loans), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, each applicable State Motor Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
and State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws) in respect of the Receivables and the Financed Vehicles, have been complied
with in all material respects. 

3. Binding Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment
obligation of the Obligor thereon, enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except (A) as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (B) as such Receivable may be modified by
the application after the Cutoff Date of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as amended; and, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, all parties to each Receivable had full legal capacity to execute and deliver such
Receivable and all other documents related thereto and to grant the security interest purported to be granted thereby. 

4. Schedule of
Receivables. The information set forth in the Schedule of Receivables has been produced from the Electronic Ledger and was true and correct in all material respects as of the close of business on the Cutoff Date. 

SCH-B-1-1 

5. Marking Records. Each of GM Financial and the Seller agree that the Receivables
have been sold to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture. Further, GM Financial has indicated in its computer files that the Receivables are owned by the Trust. 

6. Chattel Paper. The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper within the
meaning of the UCC. 

7. One Original. There is only one (1) original executed copy (or with respect to electronic chattel
paper, one (1) authoritative copy) of each Contract. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, each authoritative copy (a) is unique, identifiable and unalterable (other than with the participation of
the Trust Collateral Agent in the case of an addition or amendment of an identified assignee and other than a revision that is readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision), (b) has been marked with a legend to the following
effect: Authoritative Copy and (c) has been communicated to and is maintained by or on behalf of the Custodian. 

8. Not
an Authoritative Copy. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the Servicer has marked all copies of each such Contract other than an authoritative copy with a legend to the following effect: This is not an
authoritative copy.

9. Revisions. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the
related Receivables have been established in a manner such that (a) all copies or revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be made with the participation of the Trust Collateral
Agent and (b) all revisions of the authoritative copy of each such Contract are readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision. 

10. Pledge or Assignment. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy of each
Contract communicated to the Custodian has no marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Trust Collateral Agent. 

11. Receivable Files Complete. There exists a Receivable File pertaining to each Receivable. Related documentation concerning the
Receivable, including any documentation regarding modifications of the Contract, will be maintained electronically by the Servicer in accordance with customary policies and procedures. With respect to any Receivables that are tangible chattel
paper, the complete Receivable File for each Receivable currently is in the possession of the Custodian. 

12. Receivables in
Force. No Receivable has been satisfied, or, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, subordinated or rescinded, and the Financed Vehicle securing each such Receivable has not been released from the lien of the related
Receivable in whole or in part. No terms of any Receivable have been waived, altered or modified in any respect since its origination, except by instruments or documents identified in the Receivable File or the Servicers electronic records.

SCH-B-1-2 

13. Good Title. Immediately prior to the conveyance of the Receivables to the Trust
pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller was the sole owner thereof and had good and indefeasible title thereto, free of any Lien and, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller, the Trust shall have good and indefeasible title to and
will be the sole owner of such Receivables, free of any Lien. The Seller has not taken any action to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person having a right to payments received under the related Insurance Policies or the
related Dealer Agreements or Dealer Assignments or to payments due under such Receivables. No Dealer has a participation in, or other right to receive, proceeds of any Receivable. 

14. Security Interest in Financed Vehicle. Each Receivable created or shall create a valid, binding and enforceable first priority
security interest in favor of GM Financial in the Financed Vehicle. The Lien Certificate for each Financed Vehicle shows, or GM Financial has commenced procedures that will result in such Lien Certificate which will show, GM Financial named (which
may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in the applicable jurisdiction) as the original secured party under each Receivable as the holder of a first priority security interest in such Financed Vehicle. Immediately after the
sale, transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Trust, each Receivable will be secured by an enforceable and perfected first priority security interest in the Financed Vehicle, which security interest is prior to all other Liens upon and security
interests in such Financed Vehicle which now exist or may hereafter arise or be created (except, as to priority, for any lien for taxes, labor or materials affecting a Financed Vehicle). To the best of the Sellers and the Servicers
knowledge, as of the Cutoff Date, there were no Liens or claims for taxes, work, labor or materials affecting a Financed Vehicle which are or may be Liens prior or equal to the Liens of the related Receivable. 

15. Receivable Not Assumable. No Receivable is assumable by another Person in a manner which would release the Obligor thereof from such
Obligors obligations to the owner thereof with respect to such Receivable. 

16. No Defenses. No Receivable is subject to any
right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and the operation of any of the terms of any Receivable, or the exercise of any right thereunder, will not render such Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part
and no such right has been asserted or threatened with respect to any Receivable. 

17. No Default. There has been no default,
breach, or, to the knowledge of the Seller and Servicer, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable (other than payment delinquencies of not more than thirty (30) days), and, to the best of the Sellers
and the Servicers knowledge, no condition exists or event has occurred and is continuing that with notice, the lapse of time or both would constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any
Receivable, and there has been no waiver of any of the foregoing. 

18. Insurance. At the time of an origination of a Receivable by
GM Financial or a Dealer, each Financed Vehicle is required to be covered by a comprehensive and collision insurance policy. 

19. Fixed
Payments, Simple Interest. Each Receivable provides for fixed level monthly payments (provided that the first and last payments may be minimally different from the level payment amount) that fully amortize the Amount Financed over the original
term, and amortizes using the Simple Interest Method. 

SCH-B-1-3 

20. Certain Characteristics of the Receivables. 

(A) Each Receivable had a remaining maturity, as of the Cutoff Date, of not less than three (3) months and not more than
eighty-four (84) months. 

(B) Each Receivable had an original maturity, as of the Cutoff Date, of not less than three
(3) months and not more than eighty-four (84) months. 

(C) Each Receivable had a remaining Principal Balance, as
of the Cutoff Date, of at least $250 and not more than $150,000. 

(D) Each Receivable had an Annual Percentage Rate, as of
the Cutoff Date, of not more than 20%. 

(E) No Receivable was more than thirty (30) days past due as of the Cutoff
Date. 

(F) Each Receivable arose under a Contract that is governed by the laws of the United States or any State thereof.

(G) Each Obligor had a billing address in the United States or a United States territory as of the date of origination of
the related Receivable. 

(H) Each Receivable is denominated in, and each Contract provides for payment in, United States
dollars. 

(I) Each Receivable arose under a Contract that is assignable without the consent of, or notice to, the Obligor
thereunder, and does not contain a confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the ability of the Servicer to exercise its rights under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including, without limitation, its right to review the Contract. Each
Receivable prohibits the sale or transfer of the Financed Vehicle without the consent of the Servicer. 

(J) Each Receivable
arose under a Contract with respect to which GM Financial has performed all obligations required to be performed by it thereunder. 

(K) No automobile related to a Receivable was held in repossession inventory as of the Cutoff Date. 

(L) The Servicers records do not indicate that any Obligor was in bankruptcy as of the Cutoff Date. 

(M) No Obligor is the United States of America or any State or any agency, department, subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

SCH-B-1-4 

21. Prepayment. Each Receivable allows for prepayment and partial prepayments without
penalty. 

SCH-B-1-5 

SCHEDULE B-2

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER AND THE SERVICER 

REGARDING THE POOL OF RECEIVABLES 

1. Adverse Selection. No selection procedures adverse to the Noteholders were utilized in selecting the Receivables from those
receivables owned by the Seller which met the selection criteria set forth in clauses (A) through (M) of paragraph 20 of Schedule B-1.

2. All Filings Made. All filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings (including, without limitation, the filing by the Seller of
all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the State of Nevada under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables granted to the Trust hereunder)) required to be made by any Person and actions
required to be taken or performed by any Person in any jurisdiction to give the Trust and the Trust Collateral Agent a first priority perfected lien on, or ownership interest in, the Receivables and the proceeds thereof and the Other Conveyed
Property have been made, taken or performed. 

3. Consumer Leases. No Receivable in the pool constitutes a consumer lease
under either (a) the UCC as in effect in the jurisdiction the law of which governs the Receivable or (b) the Consumer Leasing Act, 15 U.S.C. 1667. 

SCH-B-2-1 

EXHIBIT A 

SERVICERS CERTIFICATE
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d851789dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

between 

AFS SENSUB
CORP. 

Purchaser 

and 

AMERICREDIT
FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

D/B/A GM FINANCIAL 

Seller 

Dated as of
January 15, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.1 General 1 

SECTION 1.2 Specific Terms 1 

SECTION 1.3 Usage of Terms 2 

SECTION 1.4 [Reserved] 2 

SECTION 1.5 No Recourse 2 

SECTION 1.6 Action by or Consent of Noteholders and Certificateholder 2 

ARTICLE II. CONVEYANCE OF THE RECEIVABLES AND THE OTHER CONVEYED
PROPERTY 3 

SECTION 2.1 Conveyance of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property 3 

ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 4 

SECTION 3.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller 4 

SECTION 3.2 Representations and Warranties of Purchaser 6 

ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS OF SELLER 8 

SECTION 4.1 Protection of Title of Purchaser 8 

SECTION 4.2 Other Liens or Interests 9 

SECTION 4.3 Costs and Expenses 10 

SECTION 4.4 Indemnification 10 

ARTICLE V. REPURCHASES 12 

SECTION 5.1 Repurchase of Receivables Upon Breach 12 

SECTION 5.2 Reassignment of Purchased Receivables 12 

SECTION 5.3 Waivers 13 

ARTICLE VI. MISCELLANEOUS 13 

SECTION 6.1 Liability of Seller 13 

SECTION 6.2 Merger or Consolidation of Seller or Purchaser 13 

SECTION 6.3 Limitation on Liability of Seller and Others 13 

SECTION 6.4 Seller May Own Notes or the Certificate 14 

SECTION 6.5 Amendment 14 

SECTION 6.6 Notices 15 

SECTION 6.7 Merger and Integration 15 

SECTION 6.8 Severability of Provisions 15 

SECTION 6.9 Intention of the Parties 15 

SECTION 6.10 Governing Law 16 

SECTION 6.11 Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically 16 

SECTION 6.12 Conveyance of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Issuer 16 

SECTION 6.13 Nonpetition Covenant 17 

i 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule A Schedule of Receivables 

Schedule B-1 Representations and Warranties of the Seller Regarding the Receivables 

Schedule B-2 Representations and Warranties of the Seller Regarding the Pool of Receivables 

ii 

PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of January 15, 2025, executed between AFS SenSub Corp., a Nevada corporation, as purchaser
(Purchaser) and AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a GM Financial, a Delaware corporation, as seller (Seller). 

WITNESSETH : 

WHEREAS, Purchaser has agreed to purchase from the Seller, and the Seller, pursuant to this Agreement, is transferring to Purchaser the
Receivables and Other Conveyed Property. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements hereinafter
contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is acknowledged, Purchaser and the Seller, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1 General. The specific terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. The words
herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision, and Article, Section, Schedule and Exhibit
references, unless otherwise specified, refer to Articles and Sections of and Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and among AFS SenSub Corp., as Seller, GM Financial, in its individual capacity and as Servicer, GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust
2025-1, as Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., as Trust Collateral Agent, or if not defined therein, in the Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and between GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables
Trust 2025-1, as Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent. 

SECTION 1.2
Specific Terms. Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words and phrases, unless the context otherwise requires, shall have the following meanings: 

Agreement shall mean this Purchase Agreement and all amendments hereof and supplements hereto. 

Closing Date means January 15, 2025. 

Issuer means GM Financial Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1.

Other Conveyed Property means all property conveyed by the Seller to the Purchaser pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(ii)
through (viii) of this Agreement. 

Owner Trustee means Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual capacity
but solely as Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement, its successors in interest or any successor Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement. 

Purchase Agreement Collateral has the meaning specified in
Section 6.9 of this Agreement. 

Receivables means the Contracts listed on Schedule A attached hereto (which
Schedule may be in an electronic format). 

Related Documents means the Notes, the Certificate, the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Indenture, the Asset Representations Review Agreement, the Trust Agreement and the Underwriting Agreement. The Related Documents to be executed by any party are referred to herein as such partys Related
Documents, its Related Documents or by a similar expression. 

Repurchase Event means the
occurrence of a breach of any of the Sellers representations and warranties in Section 3.1(a) or any other event which requires the repurchase of a Receivable by the Seller under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Sale and Servicing Agreement means the Sale and Servicing Agreement referred to in Section 1.1. 

Schedule of Receivables means the Schedule of Receivables sold and transferred pursuant to this Agreement which is attached
hereto as Schedule A. 

Trust means the Issuer. 

Trust Collateral Agent means Citibank, N.A., as trust collateral agent and any successor trust collateral agent appointed
and acting pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Trustee means Citibank, N.A., as trustee and any successor
trustee appointed and acting pursuant to the Indenture. 

SECTION 1.3 Usage of Terms. With respect to all terms used in this
Agreement, the singular includes the plural and the plural the singular; words importing any gender include the other gender; references to writing include printing, typing, lithography, and other means of reproducing words in a visible
form; references to agreements and other contractual instruments include all subsequent amendments thereto or changes therein entered into in accordance with their respective terms and not prohibited by this Agreement or the Sale and Servicing
Agreement; references to Persons include their permitted successors and assigns; and the terms include or including mean include without limitation or including without limitation. 

SECTION 1.4 [Reserved]

SECTION 1.5 No Recourse. Without limiting the obligations of Seller hereunder, no recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, under
this Agreement or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith, against any stockholder, officer or director, as such, of Seller, or of any predecessor or successor of Seller. 

2 

SECTION 1.6 Action by or Consent of Noteholders and Certificateholder. Whenever any
provision of this Agreement refers to action to be taken, or consented to, by the Noteholders or the Certificateholder, such provision shall be deemed to refer to the Noteholders or the Certificateholder, as the case may be, of record as of the
Record Date immediately preceding the date on which such action is to be taken, or consent given, by Noteholders or the Certificateholder. Solely for the purposes of any action to be taken, or consented to, by Noteholders or the Certificateholder,
any Note or the Certificate registered in the name of the Seller or any Affiliate thereof shall be deemed not to be outstanding; provided, however, that, solely for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent
is entitled to rely upon any such action or consent, only Notes or the Certificate which the Owner Trustee or a Responsible Officer of the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent, respectively, has actual knowledge is so owned shall be so disregarded.

ARTICLE II. 

CONVEYANCE OF THE RECEIVABLES 

AND THE OTHER CONVEYED PROPERTY 

SECTION 2.1 Conveyance of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Seller hereby sells, transfers, assigns, and otherwise conveys to Purchaser without
recourse (but without limitation of its obligations in this Agreement), and Purchaser hereby purchases, all right, title and interest of Seller in and to the following described property (collectively, the Receivables and the Other Conveyed
Property): 

(i) the Receivables and all moneys received thereon after the Cutoff Date; 

(ii) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Receivables and any other interest of
the Seller in such Financed Vehicles; 

(iii) any proceeds and the right to receive proceeds with respect to the Receivables
from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors and any proceeds from the liquidation of the Receivables; 

(iv) any proceeds from any Receivable repurchased by a Dealer pursuant to a Dealer Agreement as a result of a breach of
representation or warranty in the related Dealer Agreement; 

(v) all rights under any Service Contracts on the related
Financed Vehicles; 

(vi) the related Receivable Files; 

(vii) all of the Sellers (A) Accounts, (B) Chattel Paper, (C) Documents, (D) Instruments and (E) General
Intangibles (as such terms are defined in the UCC) relating to the property described in (i) through (vi); and 

(viii)
all proceeds and investments with respect to items (i) through (vii). 

3 

It is the intention of Seller and Purchaser that the transfer and assignment contemplated by
this Agreement shall constitute a sale of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property from Seller to Purchaser, conveying good title thereto free and clear of any Liens, and the beneficial interest in and title to the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property shall not be part of Sellers estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against Seller under any bankruptcy or similar law. 

(b) Simultaneously with the conveyance of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to Purchaser, Purchaser has paid or caused to be
paid to or upon the order of Seller an amount equal to the book value of the Receivables sold by Seller, as set forth on the books and records of Seller, by wire transfer of immediately available funds and the remainder as a contribution to the
capital of the Purchaser (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Seller). 

ARTICLE III. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

SECTION 3.1 Representations and Warranties of Seller. Seller makes the following representations and warranties as of the Cutoff Date
and as of the Closing Date on which Purchaser relies in purchasing the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property and in transferring the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Such
representations are made as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, but shall survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property hereunder, and the sale, transfer and assignment thereof by Purchaser
to the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Seller and Purchaser agree that Purchaser will assign to Issuer all Purchasers rights under this Agreement and that the Trustee will thereafter be entitled to enforce this Agreement against
Seller in the Trustees own name on behalf of the Noteholders. 

(a) Representations Regarding the Receivables. The
representations and warranties set forth on Schedule B-1 with respect to the Receivables as of the Cutoff Date, and as of the Closing Date, are true and correct. 

(b) Representations Regarding the Pool of Receivables. The representations and warranties set forth on Schedule B-2 with respect to the pool of Receivables as of the Cutoff Date, and as of the Closing Date, are true and correct. 

(c) No Fraud or Misrepresentation. To the best of the Sellers knowledge, each Receivable that was originated by a Dealer was sold
by the Dealer to the Seller and by the Seller to the Purchaser without any fraud or misrepresentation on the part of such Dealer or the Seller, respectively. 

(d) Lawful Assignment. No Receivable was originated in, or is subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction the laws of which would make
unlawful, void or voidable the sale, transfer and assignment of such Receivable under this Agreement or pursuant to transfers of the Notes. 

4 

(e) No Impairment. The Seller has not done anything to convey any right to any Person
that would result in such Person having a right to payments due under the Receivables or otherwise to impair the rights of the Purchaser, the Trust, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Noteholders in any Receivable or the proceeds
thereof. Other than the security interest granted to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and except any other security interests that have been fully released and discharged as of the Closing Date, the Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold,
granted a security interest in, or otherwise conveyed any of the Receivables. The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Seller that include a description of collateral covering the
Receivables other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to the Purchaser hereunder or that has been terminated. The Seller is not aware of any judgment, ERISA or tax lien filings against it. 

(f) No Funds Advanced. No funds had been advanced by the Seller or anyone acting on behalf of the Seller in order to cause any
Receivable to qualify under the representation and warranty set forth as paragraph 20(E) of Schedule B-1.

(g) Organization and Good Standing. Seller has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has, power, authority
and legal right to acquire, own and sell the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to be transferred to Purchaser. 

(h) Due
Qualification. Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, is in good standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property or the conduct of
its business requires such qualification. 

(i) Power and Authority. Seller has the power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and its Related Documents and to carry out its terms and their terms, respectively; Seller has full power and authority to sell and assign the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to be sold and assigned to and deposited with
Purchaser hereunder and has duly authorized such sale and assignment to Purchaser by all necessary corporate action; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and Sellers Related Documents have been duly authorized by
Seller by all necessary corporate action. 

(j) No Consent Required. Seller is not required to obtain the consent of any other
Person, or any consent, license, approval or authorization or registration or declaration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement and the Related Documents,
except for such as have been obtained, effected or made. 

(k) Valid Sale; Binding Obligations. This Agreement and Sellers
Related Documents have been duly executed and delivered, shall effect a valid sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Purchaser, enforceable against Seller and creditors of and purchasers from Seller;
and this Agreement and Sellers Related Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

5 

(l) No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Related Documents, and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Related Documents, shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice, lapse of time or
both) a default under, the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Seller, or any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which Seller is a party or by which it is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any
lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other than this Agreement, the Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture, or violate any law, order, rule or
regulation applicable to Seller of any court or of any federal or State regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over Seller or any of its properties. 

(m) No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or investigations pending or, to Sellers knowledge, threatened against Seller,
before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over Seller or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of the Related Documents,
(ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of the Notes or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Related Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely
affect the performance by Seller of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the Related Documents or (iv) seeking to affect adversely the federal income tax or other federal, State or local tax
attributes of, or seeking to impose any excise, franchise, transfer or similar tax upon, the transfer and acquisition of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property hereunder or under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(n) Solvency. The Seller is not insolvent, nor will the Seller be made insolvent by the transfer of the Receivables, nor does the
Seller anticipate any pending insolvency. 

(o) True Sale. The Receivables are being transferred with the intention of removing them
from Sellers estate pursuant to Section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

(p) Chief
Executive Office and Principal Place of Business. The chief executive office and principal place of business of Seller is located at 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. 

SECTION 3.2 Representations and Warranties of Purchaser. Purchaser makes the following representations and warranties, on which Seller
relies in selling, assigning, transferring and conveying the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to Purchaser hereunder. Such representations are made as of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, but shall survive the sale, transfer
and assignment of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property hereunder and the sale, transfer and assignment thereof by Purchaser to the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

6 

(a) Organization and Good Standing. Purchaser has been duly organized and is validly
existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada, with the power and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties are currently owned and such business is currently conducted, and
had at all relevant times, and has, full power, authority and legal right to acquire and own the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, and to transfer the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement. 

(b) Due Qualification. Purchaser is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, is in good
standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions where the failure to do so would materially and adversely affect Purchasers ability to acquire the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property, and to transfer
the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, or the validity or enforceability of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property or to perform Purchasers obligations hereunder and
under the Purchasers Related Documents. 

(c) Power and Authority. Purchaser has the power, authority and legal right to
execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out the terms hereof and to acquire the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property hereunder; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and all of the documents required pursuant
hereto have been duly authorized by Purchaser by all necessary corporate action. 

(d) No Consent Required. Purchaser is not
required to obtain the consent of any other Person, or any consent, license, approval or authorization or registration or declaration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of
this Agreement and the Related Documents, except for such as have been obtained, effected or made. 

(e) Binding Obligation. This
Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforceability, to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, conservatorship, receivership,
liquidation and other similar laws and to general equitable principles. 

(f) No Violation. The execution, delivery and performance
by Purchaser of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Documents and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement and the Related Documents do not and will not conflict with, result in
any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Purchaser, or conflict with or breach any of the terms or provisions of, or
constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, any indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which Purchaser is a party or by which Purchaser is bound or to which any of its properties are subject,
or result in the creation or imposition of any lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument (other than the Sale and Servicing Agreement), or violate any law,
order, rule or regulation, applicable to Purchaser or its properties, of any federal or State regulatory body, any court, administrative agency, or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over Purchaser or any of its properties. 

7 

(g) No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or investigations pending, or, to the
knowledge of Purchaser, threatened against Purchaser, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over Purchaser or its properties: (i) asserting the invalidity
of this Agreement or any of the Related Documents, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the Related Documents, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that might
materially and adversely affect the performance by Purchaser of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement or any of the Related Documents or (iv) that may adversely affect the federal or State income tax
attributes of, or seeking to impose any excise, franchise, transfer or similar tax upon, the transfer and acquisition of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property hereunder or the transfer of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to
the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

In the event of any breach of a representation and warranty made by Purchaser
hereunder, Seller covenants and agrees that it will not take any action to pursue any remedy that it may have hereunder, in law, in equity or otherwise, until a year and a day have passed since the date on which all Notes, the Certificate,
pass-through certificates or other similar securities issued by Purchaser, or a trust or similar vehicle formed by Purchaser, have been paid in full. Seller and Purchaser agree that damages will not be an adequate remedy for such breach and that
this covenant may be specifically enforced by Purchaser, Issuer or by the Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders and Owner Trustee on behalf of the Certificateholder. 

ARTICLE IV. 

COVENANTS
OF SELLER 

SECTION 4.1 Protection of Title of Purchaser. 

(a) At or prior to the Closing Date, Seller shall have filed or caused to be filed a UCC-1 financing
statement, naming Seller as seller or debtor, naming Purchaser as purchaser or secured party and describing the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property being sold by it to Purchaser as collateral, with the office of the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware and in such other locations as Purchaser shall have required. From time to time thereafter, Seller shall execute and file such financing statements and cause to be executed and filed such continuation statements, all in such manner
and in such places as may be required by law fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of Purchaser under this Agreement, of the Issuer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and of the Trust Collateral Agent under the Indenture in the
Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property and in the proceeds thereof. Seller shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Purchaser and the Trust Collateral Agent file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document filed as provided
above, as soon as available following such filing. In the event that Seller fails to perform its obligations under this subsection, Purchaser, Issuer or the Trust Collateral Agent may do so, at the expense of the Seller. In furtherance of the
foregoing, the Seller hereby authorizes the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Trust Collateral Agent to file a record or records (as defined in the applicable UCC), including, without limitation, financing statements, in all jurisdictions and with all
filing offices as each may determine, in its sole discretion, are necessary or advisable to perfect the security interest granted to the Purchaser pursuant to Section 6.9 of this Agreement. Such financing statements may describe the collateral
in the same manner as described herein or may contain an indication or description of collateral that describes such property in any other manner as such party may determine, in its sole discretion, is necessary, advisable or prudent to ensure the
perfection of the security interest in the collateral granted to the Purchaser herein. 

8 

(b) Seller shall not change its name, identity, State of incorporation or corporate
structure in any manner that would, could or might make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by Seller (or by Purchaser, Issuer or the Trust Collateral Agent on behalf of Seller) in accordance with paragraph (a) above
seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506 of the applicable UCC, unless they shall have given Purchaser, Issuer and the Trust Collateral Agent at least sixty (60) days prior
written notice thereof, and shall promptly file appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements. 

(c) Seller shall give Purchaser, the Issuer and the Trust Collateral Agent at least sixty (60) days prior written notice of any
relocation that would result in a change of the location of the debtor within the meaning of Section 9-307 of the applicable UCC. Seller shall at all times maintain (i) each office from which it
services Receivables within the United States of America or Canada and (ii) its principal executive office within the United States of America. 

(d) Prior to the Closing Date, Seller has maintained accounts and records as to each Receivable accurately and in sufficient detail to permit
(i) the reader thereof to know at any time as of or prior to the Closing Date, the status of such Receivable, including payments and recoveries made and payments owing (and the nature of each) and (ii) reconciliation between payments or
recoveries on (or with respect to) each Receivable and the Principal Balance as of the Cutoff Date. Seller shall maintain its computer systems so that, from and after the time of sale under this Agreement of the Receivables to Purchaser, and the
conveyance of the Receivables by Purchaser to the Issuer, Sellers master computer records (including archives) that shall refer to a Receivable indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold to Purchaser and has been conveyed by Purchaser
to the Issuer. Indication of the Issuers ownership of a Receivable shall be deleted from or modified on Sellers computer systems when, and only when, the Receivable shall become a Purchased Receivable or a Sold Receivable or shall have
been paid in full or sold pursuant to the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(e) If at any time Seller shall propose to sell,
grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any interest in any motor vehicle receivables to any prospective purchaser, lender or other transferee, Seller shall give to such prospective purchaser, lender, or other transferee computer tapes,
records, or print-outs (including any restored from archives) that, if they shall refer in any manner whatsoever to any Receivable (other than a Purchased Receivable or a Sold Receivable), shall indicate clearly that such Receivable has been sold to
Purchaser, sold by Purchaser to Issuer, and is owned by the Issuer. 

SECTION 4.2 Other Liens or Interests. Except for the
conveyances hereunder, Seller will not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property or any interest therein, and Seller shall
defend the right, title, and interest of Purchaser and the Issuer in and to the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property against all claims of third parties claiming through or under Seller. 

9 

SECTION 4.3 Costs and Expenses. Seller shall pay all reasonable costs and
disbursements in connection with the performance of its obligations hereunder and under its Related Documents. 

SECTION 4.4
Indemnification. 

(a) Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the
Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims, and liabilities, arising out of or resulting from any breach of any of Sellers representations and
warranties contained herein. 

(b) Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the
Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims, and liabilities, arising out of or resulting from the use, ownership or operation by Seller or any Affiliate
thereof of a Financed Vehicle. 

(c) Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent,
the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and liabilities arising out of or resulting from any action taken, or failed to be taken, by it in
respect of any portion of the Receivables other than in accordance with this Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(d) Seller
agrees to pay, and shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any taxes that may at any time be asserted
against Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder with respect to the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, including, without limitation, any sales, gross
receipts, general corporation, tangible or intangible personal property, privilege, or license taxes (but not including any taxes asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables and the Other
Conveyed Property to Purchaser and by Purchaser to the Issuer or the issuance and original sale of the Notes or issuance of the Certificate, or asserted with respect to ownership of the Receivables and Other Conveyed Property which shall be
indemnified by Seller pursuant to clause (e) below, or federal, State or other income taxes, arising out of distributions on the Notes or the Certificate or transfer taxes arising in connection with the transfer of the Notes or the Certificate)
and costs and expenses in defending against the same, arising by reason of the acts to be performed by Seller under this Agreement or imposed against such Persons. 

(e) Seller agrees to pay, and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner
Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from, any taxes which may at any time be asserted against such Persons with respect to, and as of the date of, the conveyance or ownership of the Receivables or the Other Conveyed Property hereunder
and the conveyance or ownership of the Receivables under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the issuance and original sale of the Notes or the issuance of the Certificate, including, without limitation, any sales, gross receipts, personal property,
tangible or intangible personal property, privilege or license taxes (but not including any federal or other income taxes, including franchise taxes, arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby or transfer taxes arising in connection with
the transfer of the Notes or the Certificate) and costs and expenses in defending against the same, arising by reason of the acts to be performed by Seller under this Agreement or imposed against such Persons. 

10 

(f) Seller shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust
Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any and all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage, or
liability arose out of, or was imposed upon Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders or the Certificateholder through the negligence, willful misfeasance, or bad faith of Seller in the
performance of its duties under this Agreement or by reason of reckless disregard of Sellers obligations and duties under this Agreement. 

(g) Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the
Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of the violation by Seller of federal or State securities laws in connection with the registration or the sale of the Notes. 

(h) Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the
Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against any loss, liability or expense imposed upon, or incurred by, Purchaser, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders or the Certificateholder as result
of the failure of any Receivable, or the sale of the related Financed Vehicle, to comply with all requirements of applicable law. 

(i)
Seller shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Purchaser from and against all costs, expenses, losses, claims, damages, and liabilities arising out of or incurred in connection with the acceptance or performance of Sellers trusts and duties
as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, except to the extent that such cost, expense, loss, claim, damage, or liability shall be due to the willful misfeasance, bad faith, or negligence (except for errors in judgment) of Purchaser. 

(j) Seller shall indemnify the Owner Trustee and its officers, directors, successors, assigns, agents and servants jointly and severally with
the Purchaser pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Trust Agreement. 

Indemnification under this Section 4.4 shall include reasonable
fees and expenses of counsel and expenses of litigation and shall survive payment of the Notes and the Certificate. The indemnity obligations hereunder shall be in addition to any obligation that Seller may otherwise have. 

11 

ARTICLE V. 

REPURCHASES 

SECTION 5.1
Repurchase of Receivables Upon Breach. Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, Seller shall, unless the breach which is the subject of such Repurchase Event shall have been cured in all material respects, repurchase the Receivable relating
thereto from the Issuer if and only if the interests of the Noteholders therein are materially and adversely affected by any such breach and, simultaneously with the repurchase of the Receivable, Seller shall deposit the Purchase Amount in full,
without deduction or offset, to the Collection Account, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. It is understood and agreed that, except as set forth in Section 6.1 hereof, the obligation of Seller to repurchase any
Receivable, as to which a breach occurred and is continuing, shall, if such obligation is fulfilled, constitute the sole remedy against Seller for such breach available to Purchaser, the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Certificateholder, the Trust
Collateral Agent on behalf of the Noteholders or the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Certificateholder. The provisions of this Section 5.1 are intended to grant the Issuer and the Trust Collateral Agent a direct right against Seller to demand
performance hereunder, and in connection therewith, Seller waives any requirement of prior demand against Purchaser with respect to such repurchase obligation. Furthermore, any Person who may request that any Receivable be repurchased by the Seller
or the Purchaser in accordance with Section 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement may request that the Seller repurchase the related Receivable due to the occurrence of a Repurchase Event, in the same manner that it would request such
repurchase pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Any repurchase hereunder shall take place in the manner specified in Section 3.2 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement to the contrary, the obligation of Seller under this Section shall not terminate upon a termination of Seller as Servicer under the Sale and Servicing Agreement and shall be performed in accordance with
the terms hereof notwithstanding the failure of the Servicer or Purchaser to perform any of their respective obligations with respect to such Receivable under the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

In addition to the foregoing and notwithstanding whether the related Receivable shall have been purchased by Seller, Seller shall indemnify
the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder from and against all costs, expenses, losses, damages, claims and liabilities, including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, which
may be asserted against or incurred by any of them as a result of third-party claims arising out of the events or facts giving rise to such Repurchase Events. 

SECTION 5.2 Reassignment of Purchased Receivables. Upon deposit in the Collection Account of the Purchase Amount of any Receivable
repurchased by Seller under Section 5.1 hereof, Purchaser and the Issuer shall take such steps as may be reasonably requested by Seller in order to assign to Seller all of Purchasers and the Issuers right, title and interest in and
to such Receivable and all security and documents and all Other Conveyed Property conveyed to Purchaser and the Issuer directly relating thereto, without recourse, representation or warranty, except as to the absence of Liens created by or arising
as a result of actions of Purchaser or the Issuer. Such assignment shall be a sale and assignment outright, and not for security. If, following the reassignment of a Purchased Receivable, in any enforcement suit or legal proceeding, it is held that
Seller may not enforce any such Receivable on the ground that it shall not be a real party in interest or a holder entitled to enforce the Receivable, Purchaser and the Issuer shall, at the expense of Seller, take such steps as Seller deems
reasonably necessary to enforce the Receivable, including bringing suit in Purchasers or in the Issuers name. 

12 

SECTION 5.3 Waivers. No failure or delay on the part of Purchaser (or the Issuer as
assignee of Purchaser, or the Trust Collateral Agent as assignee of the Issuer) or the Trustee in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such
power, right or remedy preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. 

ARTICLE VI.

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 6.1 Liability of Seller. Seller shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations in this Agreement
specifically undertaken by Seller and the representations and warranties of Seller. 

SECTION 6.2 Merger or Consolidation of Seller or
Purchaser. Any corporation or other entity (a) into which Seller or Purchaser may be merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which Seller or Purchaser is a party or (c) succeeding to the business
of Seller or Purchaser, in the case of Purchaser, which corporation has a certificate of incorporation containing provisions relating to limitations on business and other matters substantively identical to those contained in Purchasers
certificate of incorporation, provided that in any of the foregoing cases such corporation shall execute an agreement of assumption to perform every obligation of Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, under this Agreement and, whether or not such
assumption agreement is executed, shall be the successor to Seller or Purchaser, as the case may be, hereunder (without relieving Seller or Purchaser of their responsibilities hereunder, if it survives such merger or consolidation) without the
execution or filing of any document or any further action by any of the parties to this Agreement. Seller or Purchaser shall promptly inform the other party, the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Owner Trustee and, as a condition to the
consummation of the transactions referred to in clauses (a), (b) and (c) above, (i) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no representation or warranty made pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2 of this Agreement shall have been
breached (for purposes hereof, such representations and warranties shall speak as of the date of the consummation of such transaction) and be continuing, (ii) Seller or Purchaser, as applicable, shall have delivered written notice of such
consolidation, merger or purchase and assumption to the Rating Agencies prior to the consummation of such transaction and shall have delivered to the Issuer and the Trust Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate of the Seller or a certificate
signed by or on behalf of the Purchaser, as applicable, and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that such consolidation, merger or succession and such agreement of assumption comply with this Section 6.2 and that all conditions precedent, if
any, provided for in this Agreement relating to such transaction have been complied with, and (iii) Seller or Purchaser, as applicable, shall have delivered to the Issuer, and the Trust Collateral Agent an Opinion of Counsel, stating, in the
opinion of such counsel, either (A) all financing statements and continuation statements and amendments thereto have been executed and filed that are necessary to preserve and protect the interest of the Issuer and the Trust Collateral Agent in
the Receivables and reciting the details of the filings or (B) no such action shall be necessary to preserve and protect such interest. 

SECTION 6.3 Limitation on Liability of Seller and Others. Seller and any director, officer, employee or agent thereof may rely in good
faith on the advice of counsel or on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising under this Agreement. Seller shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend
any legal action that is not incidental to its obligations under this Agreement or its Related Documents and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability. 

13 

SECTION 6.4 Seller May Own Notes or the Certificate. Subject to the provisions of the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, Seller and any Affiliate of Seller may in their individual or any other capacity become the owner or pledgee of Notes or the Certificate with the same rights as they would have if they were not Seller or an Affiliate
thereof. 

SECTION 6.5 Amendment. 

(a) This Agreement may be amended by Seller and Purchaser without the consent of the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner Trustee, the
Certificateholder or any of the Noteholders (i) to cure any ambiguity or (ii) to correct any provisions in this Agreement; provided, however, that such action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Issuer,
the Owner Trustee and the Trust Collateral Agent, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of the Certificateholder, Noteholder, the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent and that such amendment is authorized and permitted by this
Agreement. 

(b) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by Seller and Purchaser, and with the consent of the Trust Collateral
Agent and, if required, the Certificateholder and the Noteholders evidencing not less than a majority of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, in accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or
changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement, or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Certificateholder or Noteholders; provided, however, the Seller provides the Trust Collateral Agent with an Opinion
of Counsel (which may be provided by the Sellers internal counsel) that no such amendment shall increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on Receivables or distributions that
shall be required to be made on any Note or the Certificate and that such amendment is authorized and permitted by this Agreement. 

(c)
Prior to the execution of any such amendment or consent, Seller shall have furnished written notification of the substance of such amendment or consent to each Rating Agency. 

(d) It shall not be necessary for the consent of Certificateholder or Noteholders pursuant to this Section to approve the particular form of
any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof. The manner of obtaining such consents and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Certificateholder or Noteholders
shall be subject to such reasonable requirements as the Trust Collateral Agent may prescribe, including the establishment of record dates. The consent of a Holder of the Certificate or a Note given pursuant to this Section or pursuant to any other
provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on such Holder and on all future Holders of the Certificate or such Note and of the Certificate or any Note issued upon the transfer thereof or in exchange thereof or in lieu thereof
whether or not notation of such consent is made upon the Certificate or Note. 

14 

SECTION 6.6 Notices. All demands, notices and communications to Seller or Purchaser
hereunder shall be in writing, personally delivered, electronically delivered, mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, federal express or similar overnight courier service, and shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt (a) in
the case of Seller, to GM Financial, 801 Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, Attention: Robert T. Pigott, SVP Corporate Finance, Email: Robert.Pigott@gmfinancial.com, or (b) in the case of Purchaser, to AFS SenSub Corp., 801
Cherry Street, Suite 3500, Fort Worth, Texas 76102, Attention: Chief Financial Officer, or such other address as shall be designated by a party in a written notice delivered to the other party or to the Issuer, Owner Trustee or the Trust Collateral
Agent, as applicable. 

SECTION 6.7 Merger and Integration. Except as specifically stated otherwise herein, this Agreement and
Related Documents set forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all prior understandings, written or oral, are superseded by this Agreement and the Related Documents. This Agreement may not be modified,
amended, waived or supplemented except as provided herein. 

SECTION 6.8 Severability of Provisions. If any one or more of the
covenants, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, provisions or terms shall be deemed 

severable from the remaining covenants, provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions
of this Agreement. 

SECTION 6.9 Intention of the Parties. 

The execution and delivery of this Agreement shall constitute an acknowledgment by Seller and Purchaser that they intend that the assignment
and transfer herein contemplated constitute a sale and assignment outright, and not for security, of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, conveying good title thereto free and clear of any Liens, from Seller to Purchaser, and that the
Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property shall not be a part of Sellers estate in the event of the bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or State bankruptcy or
similar law, or the occurrence of another similar event, of, or with respect to Seller. In the event that such conveyance is determined to be made as security for a loan made by Purchaser, the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Certificateholder to
Seller, the Seller hereby grants to Purchaser a security interest in all of Sellers right, title and interest in and to the following property whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, and this Agreement shall constitute
a security agreement under applicable law (collectively, the Purchase Agreement Collateral): 

(a) the Receivables and
all moneys received thereon after the Cutoff Date; 

(b) the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to
the Receivables and any other interest of the Seller in such Financed Vehicles; 

(c) any proceeds and the right to receive proceeds with
respect to the Receivables from claims on any physical damage, credit life or disability insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors and any proceeds from the liquidation of the Receivables; 

(d) any proceeds from any Receivable repurchased by a Dealer pursuant to a Dealer Agreement as a result of a breach of representation or
warranty in the related Dealer Agreement; 

15 

(e) all rights under any Service Contracts on the related Financed Vehicles; 

(f) the related Receivable Files; 

(g) all of the Sellers (i) Accounts, (ii) Chattel Paper, (iii) Documents, (iv) Instruments and (v) General Intangibles
(as such terms are defined in the UCC) relating to the property described in (a) through (f); and 

(h) all proceeds and investments
with respect to items (a) through (g). 

SECTION 6.10 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND
THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 

SECTION 6.11 Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in multiple
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but together they shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and .pdf signatures shall be deemed valid and binding to the same extent as the original and the parties
affirmatively consent to the use thereof, with no such consent having been withdrawn. Each party agrees that this Agreement and any documents to be delivered in connection with this Agreement may be executed by means of an electronic signature that
complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, State enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent applicable. Any
electronic signatures appearing on this Agreement and such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and
shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

SECTION 6.12 Conveyance of the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property to the Issuer. Seller acknowledges that Purchaser intends,
pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, to convey the Receivables and the Other Conveyed Property, together with its rights under this Agreement, to the Issuer on the Closing Date. Seller acknowledges and consents to such conveyance and pledge
and waives any further notice thereof and covenants and agrees that the representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement and the rights of Purchaser hereunder are intended to benefit the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust
Collateral Agent, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder. In furtherance of the foregoing, Seller covenants and agrees to perform its duties and obligations hereunder, in accordance with the terms hereof for the benefit of the Issuer, the Owner
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder and that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Seller shall be directly liable to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the
Noteholders and the Certificateholder (notwithstanding any failure by the Servicer or the Purchaser to perform its respective duties and obligations hereunder or under Related Documents) and that the Trust Collateral Agent may enforce the duties and
obligations of Seller under this Agreement against Seller for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Noteholders and the Certificateholder. 

16 

SECTION 6.13 Nonpetition Covenant. Neither Purchaser nor Seller shall petition or
otherwise invoke the process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Purchaser or the Issuer under any federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing a receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Purchaser or the Issuer or any substantial part of their respective property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Purchaser or the
Issuer. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their
respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 

AFS SENSUB CORP., as Purchaser

By: 

Name:

Title:

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. d/b/a GM Financial, as Seller

By: 

Name:

Title:

Accepted:

CITIBANK, N.A.,

not in its
individual capacity but solely as Trustee and Trust Collateral Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Purchase Agreement] 

SCHEDULE A 

SCHEDULE OF RECEIVABLES 

[On file with GM Financial, the Trustee and Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP] 

SCH-A-1 

SCHEDULE B-1

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER 

REGARDING THE RECEIVABLES 

1. Characteristics of Receivables. Each Receivable (A) was originated (i) by GM Financial or (ii) by a Dealer and
purchased by GM Financial from such Dealer under an existing Dealer Agreement or pursuant to a Dealer Assignment with GM Financial and was validly assigned by such Dealer to GM Financial pursuant to a Dealer Assignment, (B) was originated by GM
Financial or such Dealer for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of GM Financials or the Dealers business, in each case (i) was originated in accordance with GM Financials credit policies and
(ii) was fully and properly executed by the parties thereto, and (iii) GM Financial and, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, each Dealer had all necessary licenses and permits to originate Receivables in the
State where GM Financial or each such Dealer was located, (C) contains customary and enforceable provisions such as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for realization against the collateral security, and
(D) has not been amended or collections with respect to which waived, other than as evidenced in the Receivable File or the Servicers electronic records relating thereto. 

2. Compliance with Law. All requirements of applicable federal, State and local laws, and regulations thereunder (including, without
limitation, usury laws, the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the
Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Boards Regulations B and Z (including amendments to the Federal Reserves Official Staff Commentary to Regulation Z, effective
October 1, 1998, concerning negative equity loans), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, each applicable State Motor Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
and State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws) in respect of the Receivables and the Financed Vehicles, have been complied
with in all material respects. 

3. Binding Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment
obligation of the Obligor thereon, enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except (A) as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors rights generally and by equitable limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (B) as such Receivable may be modified by
the application after the Cutoff Date of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as amended; and, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, all parties to each Receivable had full legal capacity to execute and deliver such
Receivable and all other documents related thereto and to grant the security interest purported to be granted thereby. 

4. Schedule of
Receivables. The information set forth in the Schedule of Receivables has been produced from the Electronic Ledger and was true and correct in all material respects as of the close of business on the Cutoff Date. 

SCH-B-1-1 

5. Marking Records. Each of the Seller and the Purchaser agrees that the Receivables
have been sold to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture. Further, GM Financial has indicated in its computer files that the Receivables are owned by the Trust. 

6. Chattel Paper. The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper within the
meaning of the UCC. 

7. One Original. There is only one (1) original executed copy (or with respect to electronic
chattel paper, one (1) authoritative copy) of each Contract. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, each authoritative copy (a) is unique, identifiable and unalterable (other than with the
participation of the Trust Collateral Agent in the case of an addition or amendment of an identified assignee and other than a revision that is readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision), (b) has been marked with a legend to the
following effect: Authoritative Copy and (c) has been communicated to and is maintained by or on behalf of the Custodian. 

8. Not an Authoritative Copy. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the Servicer has marked all
copies of each such Contract other than an authoritative copy with a legend to the following effect: This is not an authoritative copy.

9. Revisions. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the related Receivables have been established in
a manner such that (a) all copies or revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be made with the participation of the Trust Collateral Agent and (b) all revisions of the
authoritative copy of each such Contract are readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision. 

10. Pledge or
Assignment. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy of each Contract communicated to the Custodian has no marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise
conveyed to any Person other than the Trust Collateral Agent. 

11. Receivable Files Complete. There exists a Receivable File
pertaining to each Receivable. Related documentation concerning the Receivable, including any documentation regarding modifications of the Contract, will be maintained electronically by the Servicer in accordance with customary policies and
procedures. With respect to any Receivables that are tangible chattel paper, the complete Receivable File for each Receivable currently is in the possession of the Custodian. 

12. Receivables in Force. No Receivable has been satisfied, or, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge,
subordinated or rescinded, and the Financed Vehicle securing each such Receivable has not been released from the lien of the related Receivable in whole or in part. No terms of any Receivable have been waived, altered or modified in any respect
since its origination, except by instruments or documents identified in the Receivable File or the Servicers electronic records. 

SCH-B-1-2 

13. Good Title. Immediately prior to the conveyance of the Receivables to the
Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller was the sole owner thereof and had good and indefeasible title thereto, free of any Lien and, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller, the Purchaser shall have good and
indefeasible title to and will be the sole owner of such Receivables, free of any Lien. The Seller has not taken any action to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person having a right to payments received under the related
Insurance Policies or the related Dealer Agreements or Dealer Assignments or to payments due under such Receivables. No Dealer has a participation in, or other right to receive, proceeds of any Receivable. 

14. Security Interest in Financed Vehicle. Each Receivable created or shall create a valid, binding and enforceable first priority
security interest in favor of GM Financial in the Financed Vehicle. The Lien Certificate for each Financed Vehicle shows, or GM Financial has commenced procedures that will result in such Lien Certificate which will show, GM Financial named (which
may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in the applicable jurisdiction) as the original secured party under each Receivable as the holder of a first priority security interest in such Financed Vehicle. Immediately after the
sale, transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Trust, each Receivable will be secured by an enforceable and perfected first priority security interest in the Financed Vehicle, which security interest is prior to all other Liens upon and security
interests in such Financed Vehicle which now exist or may hereafter arise or be created (except, as to priority, for any lien for taxes, labor or materials affecting a Financed Vehicle). To the best of the Sellers knowledge, as of the Cutoff
Date, there were no Liens or claims for taxes, work, labor or materials affecting a Financed Vehicle which are or may be Liens prior or equal to the Liens of the related Receivable. 

15. Receivable Not Assumable. No Receivable is assumable by another Person in a manner which would release the Obligor thereof from
such Obligors obligations to the owner thereof with respect to such Receivable. 

16. No Defenses. No Receivable is subject to
any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury, and the operation of any of the terms of any Receivable, or the exercise of any right thereunder, will not render such Receivable unenforceable in whole or in
part and no such right has been asserted or threatened with respect to any Receivable. 

17. No Default. There has been no default,
breach, or, to the knowledge of the Seller and Servicer, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable (other than payment delinquencies of not more than thirty (30) days), and, to the best of the Sellers
knowledge, no condition exists or event has occurred and is continuing that with notice, the lapse of time or both would constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable, and there has been
no waiver of any of the foregoing. 

18. Insurance. At the time of an origination of a Receivable by GM Financial or a Dealer, each
Financed Vehicle is required to be covered by a comprehensive and collision insurance policy. 

19. Fixed Payments, Simple Interest.
Each Receivable provides for fixed level monthly payments (provided that the first and last payments may be minimally different from the level payment amount) that fully amortize the Amount Financed over the original term, and amortizes using the
Simple Interest Method. 

20. Certain Characteristics of the Receivables. 

SCH-B-1-3 

(A) Each Receivable had a remaining maturity, as of the Cutoff Date, of not
less than three (3) months and not more than eighty-four (84) months. 

(B) Each Receivable had an original
maturity, as of the Cutoff Date, of not less than three (3) months and not more than eighty-four (84) months. 

(C) Each Receivable had a remaining Principal Balance, as of the Cutoff Date, of at least $250 and not more than $150,000. 

(D) Each Receivable had an Annual Percentage Rate, as of the Cutoff Date, of not more than 20%. 

(E) No Receivable was more than thirty (30) days past due as of the Cutoff Date. 

(F) Each Receivable arose under a Contract that is governed by the laws of the United States or any State thereof. 

(G) Each Obligor had a billing address in the United States or a United States territory as of the date of origination of the
related Receivable. 

(H) Each Receivable is denominated in, and each Contract provides for payment in, United States
dollars. 

(I) Each Receivable arose under a Contract that is assignable without the consent of, or notice to, the Obligor
thereunder, and does not contain a confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the ability of the Servicer to exercise its rights under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including, without limitation, its right to review the Contract. Each
Receivable prohibits the sale or transfer of the Financed Vehicle without the consent of the Servicer. 

(J) Each Receivable
arose under a Contract with respect to which GM Financial has performed all obligations required to be performed by it thereunder. 

(K) No automobile related to a Receivable was held in repossession inventory as of the Cutoff Date. 

(L) The Servicers records do not indicate that any Obligor was in bankruptcy as of the Cutoff Date. 

(M) No Obligor is the United States of America or any State or any agency, department, subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

21. Prepayment. Each Receivable allows for prepayment and partial prepayments without penalty. 

SCH-B-1-4 

SCHEDULE B-2

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER 

REGARDING THE POOL OF RECEIVABLES 

1. Adverse Selection. No selection procedures adverse to the Noteholders were utilized in selecting the Receivables from those
receivables owned by the Seller which met the selection criteria set forth in clauses (A) through (M) of paragraph 20 of Schedule B-1.

2. All Filings Made. All filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings (including, without limitation, the filing by the Seller
of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the State of Delaware under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Receivables granted to the Purchaser hereunder)) required to be made by any Person and
actions required to be taken or performed by any Person in any jurisdiction to give the Trust and the Trust Collateral Agent a first priority perfected lien on, or ownership interest in, the Receivables and the proceeds thereof and the Other
Conveyed Property have been made, taken or performed. 

3. Consumer Leases. No Receivable in the pool constitutes a consumer
lease under either (a) the UCC as in effect in the jurisdiction the law of which governs the Receivable or (b) the Consumer Leasing Act, 15 U.S.C. 1667. 

SCH-B-2-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d851789dex106.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.6
<TEXT>
EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT 

among 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER
AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1,

Issuer 

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. 

D/B/A GM FINANCIAL, 

Servicer 

and 

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME
SERVICES LLC, 

Asset Representations Reviewer 

Dated as of January 15, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.1. Definitions 1 

Section 1.2. Additional Definitions 1 

ARTICLE II ENGAGEMENT OF ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 2 

Section 2.1. Engagement; Acceptance 2 

Section 2.2. Confirmation of Status 3 

ARTICLE III ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS 3 

Section 3.1. Asset Review Notices 3 

Section 3.2. Identification of Asset Review Receivables 3 

Section 3.3. Asset Review Materials 3 

Section 3.4. Performance of Asset Reviews 4 

Section 3.5. Asset Review Reports 4 

Section 3.6. Asset Review Representatives 4 

Section 3.7. Dispute Resolution 5 

Section 3.8. Limitations on Asset Review Obligations 5 

ARTICLE IV ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 6 

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties 6 

Section 4.2. Covenants 7 

Section 4.3. Fees and Expenses 8 

Section 4.4. Limitation on Liability 9 

Section 4.5. Indemnification 9 

Section 4.6. Right to Audit 10 

Section 4.7. Delegation of Obligations 10 

Section 4.8. Confidential Information 10 

Section 4.9. Security and Safeguarding Information 12 

ARTICLE V RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL 14 

Section 5.1. Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer 14 

Section 5.2. Engagement of Successor 15 

Section 5.3. Merger, Consolidation or Succession 15 

ARTICLE VI OTHER AGREEMENTS 15 

Section 6.1. Independence of Asset Representations Reviewer 15 

Section 6.2. No Petition 16 

Section 6.3. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee 16 

Section 6.4. Termination of Agreement 16 

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 16 

Section 7.1. Amendments 16 

Section 7.2. Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries 17 

Section 7.3. Notices 17 

Section 7.4. GOVERNING LAW 17 

Section 7.5. Submission to Jurisdiction 18 

Section 7.6. No Waiver; Remedies 18 

Section 7.7. Severability 18 

Section 7.8. Headings 18 

Section 7.9. Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically 18 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule A
Representations and Warranties and Procedures to be Performed 

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW AGREEMENT dated as of January 15, 2025 (this
Agreement), among GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. D/B/A GM
FINANCIAL, a Delaware corporation (GM Financial), in its capacity as Servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer) and CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Asset
Representations Reviewer (the Asset Representations Reviewer). 

WHEREAS, in the regular course of its business, GM
Financial purchases retail installment sale contracts secured by new and used automobiles, light-duty trucks and utility vehicles from motor vehicle dealers. 

WHEREAS, in connection with a securitization transaction sponsored by GM Financial, GM Financial sold a pool of Receivables to AFS SenSub
Corp. (the Seller) which, in turn, sold those Receivables to the Issuer. 

WHEREAS, the Issuer has granted a security
interest in the Receivables to the Trust Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Issuer Secured Parties, pursuant to the Indenture. 

WHEREAS, the Issuer has determined to engage the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform reviews of certain Receivables for compliance with
the representations and warranties made by GM Financial and the Seller about the Receivables in the pool. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree as follows. 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1.
Definitions. Capitalized terms that are used but are not otherwise defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2025, by and among the Issuer, the Seller, the
Servicer and Citibank, N.A., a national banking association, as Trust Collateral Agent. 

Section 1.2. Additional Definitions.
The following terms have the meanings given below: 

Asset Review means the performance by the Asset Representations
Reviewer of the testing procedures for each Test and each Asset Review Receivable in accordance with Section 3.4. 

Asset
Review Demand Date means, for an Asset Review, the date when the Trust Collateral Agent determines that each of (a) the Delinquency Trigger has occurred and (b) the required percentage of Noteholders has voted to direct an Asset
Review under Section 7.2(f) of the Indenture. 

Asset Review Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in
Section 4.3(b). 

Asset Review Materials means, with respect to an Asset Review and an
Asset Review Receivable, the documents and other materials for each Test listed under Documents in Schedule A. 

Asset
Review Notice means the notice from the Trustee to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer directing the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform an Asset Review. 

Asset Review Receivable means, with respect to any Asset Review, each Receivable that is not a Liquidated Receivable and
with respect to which the related Obligor failed to make at least 90% of the related Scheduled Receivables Payment by the date on which it was due and, as of the last day of the Collection Period prior to the date the related Asset Review Notice was
delivered, remained unpaid for sixty (60) days or more from the original payment due date. 

Asset Review Report
means, with respect to any Asset Review, the report of the Asset Representations Reviewer prepared in accordance with Section 3.5. 

Basic Documents has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Clayton means Clayton Fixed Income Services LLC. 

Confidential Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.8(a). 

Eligible Asset Representations Reviewer means a Person that (a) is not an Affiliate of GM Financial, the Seller, the
Servicer, the Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Owner Trustee or any of their Affiliates and (b) was not, and is not an Affiliate of a Person that was, engaged by GM Financial or any Underwriter to perform any due diligence on the
Receivables prior to the Closing Date. 

Test has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4(a). 

Test Complete has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4(c). 

Test Fail has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4(a). 

Test Pass has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.4(a). 

Trustee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.1 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

ARTICLE II 

ENGAGEMENT OF ASSET
REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 

Section 2.1. Engagement; Acceptance. The Issuer hereby engages Clayton to act as the Asset
Representations Reviewer for the Issuer. Clayton accepts the engagement and agrees to perform the obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer on the terms stated in this Agreement. 

2 

Section 2.2. Confirmation of Status. The parties confirm that the Asset
Representations Reviewer is not responsible for (a) reviewing the Asset Review Receivables for compliance with the representations and warranties under the Basic Documents, except as described in this Agreement, or (b) determining whether
noncompliance with the representations or warranties constitutes a breach of the Basic Documents. 

ARTICLE III 

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEW PROCESS 

Section 3.1. Asset Review Notices. Upon receipt of an Asset Review Notice from the Trustee in the manner set forth in
Section 7.2(f) of the Indenture, the Asset Representations Reviewer will start an Asset Review. The Asset Representation Reviewer will have no obligation to start an Asset Review unless and until an Asset Review Notice is received. Any Asset
Review Notice is to be sent pursuant to Section 12.3(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

Section 3.2. Identification of
Asset Review Receivables. Within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of an Asset Review Notice, the Servicer will deliver to the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Trustee a list of the related Asset Review Receivables. 

Section 3.3. Asset Review Materials. 

(a) Access to Asset Review Materials. The Servicer will give the Asset Representations Reviewer access to the Asset Review Materials for
all of the Asset Review Receivables within sixty (60) days of receipt of the Asset Review Notice in one (1) or more of the following ways: (i) by providing access to the Servicers receivables systems, either remotely or at one
of the properties of the Servicer; (ii) by electronic posting to a password-protected website to which the Asset Representations Reviewer has access; (iii) by providing originals or photocopies at one (1) of the properties of the
Servicer where the related Receivable Files are located; or (iv) in another manner agreed by the Servicer and the Asset Representations Reviewer. The Servicer may redact or remove Non-Public Personal
Information (as defined in Section 4.8) from the Asset Review Materials so long as such redaction or removal does not change the meaning or usefulness of the Asset Review Materials for purposes of the Asset Review. Any Asset Review Notice is to
be sent pursuant to Section 12.3(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. 

(b) Missing or Insufficient Asset Review Materials.
If any of the Asset Review Materials are missing or insufficient for the Asset Representations Reviewer to perform any Test, the Asset Representations Reviewer will notify the Servicer promptly, and in any event no less than twenty (20) days
before completing the Asset Review, and the Servicer will have fifteen (15) days to give the Asset Representations Reviewer access to such missing Asset Review Materials or other documents or information to correct the insufficiency. If the
missing or insufficient Asset Review Materials have not been provided by the Servicer within fifteen (15) days, the parties agree that the Asset Review Receivable will have a Test Fail for the related Test(s) and the Test(s) will be considered
completed and the Asset Review Report will indicate the reason for the Test Fail. 

3 

Section 3.4. Performance of Asset Reviews. 

(a) Test Procedures. For an Asset Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will perform for each Asset Review Receivable the
procedures listed under Procedures to be Performed in Schedule A for each representation and warranty (each, a Test), using the Asset Review Materials listed for each such Test in Schedule A. For each Test and Asset
Review Receivable, the Asset Representations Reviewer will determine if the Test has been satisfied (a Test Pass) or if the Test has not been satisfied (a Test Fail). 

(b) Asset Review Period. The Asset Representations Reviewer will complete the Asset Review of all of the Asset Review Receivables within
sixty (60) days of receiving access to the Asset Review Materials under Section 3.3(a). However, if additional Asset Review Materials are provided to the Asset Representations Reviewer in accordance with Section 3.3(b), the Asset
Review period will be extended for an additional thirty (30) days. 

(c) Completion of Asset Review for Certain Asset Review
Receivables. Following the delivery of the list of the Asset Review Receivables and before the delivery of the Asset Review Report by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Servicer may notify the Asset Representations Reviewer if an Asset
Review Receivable is paid in full by the related Obligor or purchased from the Issuer by GM Financial, the Seller or the Servicer according to the Basic Documents. On receipt of any such notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will immediately
terminate all Tests of the related Asset Review Receivables and the Asset Review of such Receivables will be considered complete (a Test Complete). In this case, the Asset Review Report will indicate a Test Complete for the
related Asset Review Receivables and the related reason. 

(d) Previously Reviewed Receivable. If any Asset Review Receivable was
included in a prior Asset Review, the Asset Representations Reviewer will not perform any Tests on it, but will include the results of the previous Tests in the Asset Review Report for the current Asset Review. 

(e) Termination of Asset Review. If an Asset Review is in process and the Notes will be paid in full on the next Distribution Date, the
Servicer will notify the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Trustee no less than ten (10) days before that Distribution Date. On receipt of the notice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will terminate the Asset Review immediately and will
have no obligation to deliver an Asset Review Report. 

Section 3.5. Asset Review Reports. Within five (5) days of the end
of the Asset Review period under Section 3.4(b), the Asset Representations Reviewer will deliver to the Issuer, the Servicer and the Trustee an Asset Review Report indicating for each Asset Review Receivable whether there was a Test Pass or a
Test Fail for each Test, or whether the Asset Review Receivable was a Test Complete and the related reason. The Asset Review Report will contain a summary of the Asset Review results to be included in the Issuers Form 10-D report for the Collection Period in which the Asset Review Report is received. The Asset Representations Reviewer will ensure that the Asset Review Report does not contain any
Non-Public Personal Information. 

Section 3.6. Asset Review Representatives. 

(a) Servicer Representative. The Servicer will designate one (1) or more representatives who will be available to assist the Asset
Representations Reviewer in performing the Asset Review, including responding to requests and answering questions from the Asset Representations Reviewer about access to Asset Review Materials on the Servicers receivables systems, obtaining
missing or insufficient Asset Review Materials and/or providing clarification of any Asset Review Materials or Tests. 

4 

(b) Asset Representations Reviewer Representative. The Asset Representations Reviewer
will designate one (1) or more representatives who will be available to the Issuer and the Servicer during the performance of an Asset Review. 

(c) Questions About Asset Review. The Asset Representations Reviewer will make appropriate personnel available to respond in writing to
written questions or requests for clarification of any Asset Review Report from the Trustee or the Servicer until the earlier of (i) the payment in full of the Notes and (ii) one (1) year after the delivery of the Asset Review Report. The
Asset Representations Reviewer will have no obligation to respond to questions or requests for clarification from Noteholders or any other Person and will direct such Persons to submit written questions or requests to the Trustee. 

Section 3.7. Dispute Resolution. If an Asset Review Receivable that was reviewed by the Asset Representations Reviewer is the
subject of a dispute resolution proceeding under Section 3.13 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer will participate in the dispute resolution proceeding on request of a party to the proceeding. The reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Asset Representations Reviewer for its participation in any dispute resolution proceeding will be considered expenses of the requesting party for
the dispute resolution and will be paid by a party to the dispute resolution as determined by the mediator or arbitrator for the dispute resolution according to Section 3.13 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement; provided, however, if such
amounts are paid by the Trustee or the Trust Collateral Agent and are not reimbursed by directing Noteholders, the Trustee or Trust Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be reimbursed by the Issuer pursuant to Section 5.7(a)(ii) of the Sale
and Servicing Agreement without counting toward the calculation of any cap on fees, expenses or indemnities thereunder. If not paid by a party to the dispute resolution, the expenses will be reimbursed by the Issuer according to Section 4.3(d).

Section 3.8. Limitations on Asset Review Obligations. 

(a) Asset Review Process Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will have no obligation: 

(i) to determine whether a Delinquency Trigger has occurred or whether the required percentage of Noteholders has voted to
direct an Asset Review under the Indenture, and is entitled to rely on the information in any Asset Review Notice delivered by the Trustee; 

(ii) to determine which Receivables are subject to an Asset Review, and is entitled to rely on the lists of Asset Review
Receivables provided by the Servicer; 

(iii) to obtain or confirm the validity of the Asset Review Materials and will be
entitled to rely on the accuracy and completeness of the Asset Review Materials; 

(iv) to obtain missing or insufficient
Asset Review Materials from any party or any other source; 

5 

(v) to take any action or cause any other party to take any action under any
of the Basic Documents or otherwise to enforce any remedies against any Person for breaches of representations or warranties about the Asset Review Receivables; 

(vi) to determine the reason for the delinquency of any Asset Review Receivable, the creditworthiness of any Obligor, the
overall quality of any Asset Review Receivable or the compliance by the Servicer with its covenants with respect to the servicing of such Asset Review Receivable; or 

(vii) to establish cause, materiality or recourse for any failed Test as described in Section 3.4. 

(b) Testing Procedure Limitations. The Asset Representations Reviewer will only be required to perform the testing procedures listed
under Procedures to be Performed in Schedule A, and will have no obligation to perform additional procedures on any Asset Review Receivable or to provide any information other than an Asset Review Report indicating for each Asset Review
Receivable whether there was a Test Pass or a Test Fail for each Test, or whether the Asset Review Receivable was a Test Complete and the related reason. However, the Asset Representations Reviewer may provide additional information about any Asset
Review Receivable that it determines in good faith to be material to the Asset Review. 

ARTICLE IV 

ASSET REPRESENTATIONS REVIEWER 

Section 4.1. Representations and Warranties. 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The Asset Representations Reviewer represents and warrants to the Issuer as of the date of this
Agreement: 

(i) Organization and Qualification. The Asset Representations Reviewer is duly organized and validly
existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of Delaware. The Asset Representations Reviewer is qualified as a limited liability company in good standing and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all
jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its properties or the conduct of its activities requires the qualification, license or approval, unless the failure to obtain the qualifications, licenses or approvals would not reasonably be expected
to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(ii) Power, Authority and Enforceability. The Asset Representations Reviewer has the power and authority to execute,
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer has authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Asset
Representations Reviewer enforceable against the Asset Representations Reviewer, except as may be limited by insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other laws relating to the enforcement of creditors rights or by general equitable
principles. 

6 

(iii) No Conflicts and No Violation. The completion of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the performance of the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement will not (A) conflict with, or be a breach or default under, any indenture, agreement, guarantee or
similar agreement or instrument under which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a party, (B) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of the assets of the Asset Representations Reviewer under the terms of any indenture,
agreement, guarantee or similar agreement or instrument, (C) violate the organizational documents of the Asset Representations Reviewer or (D) violate any law or, to the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, any order, rule or
regulation that applies to the Asset Representations Reviewer of any court or of any federal or State regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Asset Representations Reviewer, in each
case, which conflict, breach, default, Lien or violation would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(iv) No Proceedings. To the Asset Representations Reviewers knowledge, there are no proceedings or investigations
pending or threatened in writing before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency, or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Asset Representations Reviewer or its properties: (A) asserting the invalidity of this
Agreement, (B) seeking to prevent the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (C) seeking any determination or ruling that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Asset
Representations Reviewers ability to perform its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement. 

(v) Eligibility. The Asset Representations Reviewer is an Eligible Asset Representations Reviewer. 

(b) Notice of Breach. On discovery by the Asset Representations Reviewer, the Issuer, the Trustee or the Servicer of a material breach
of any of the representations and warranties in Section 4.1(a), the party discovering such breach will give prompt notice to the other parties. 

Section 4.2. Covenants. The Asset Representations Reviewer covenants and agrees that: 

(a) Eligibility. It will notify the Issuer and the Servicer promptly if it is not, or on the occurrence of any action that would result
in it not being, an Eligible Asset Representations Reviewer. 

(b) Review Systems. It will maintain business process management
and/or other systems necessary to ensure that it can perform each Test and, on execution of this Agreement, will load each Test into these systems. The Asset Representations Reviewer will ensure that these systems allow for each Asset Review
Receivable and the related Asset Review Materials to be individually tracked and stored as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(c)
Personnel. It will maintain adequate staff that is properly trained to conduct Asset Reviews as required by this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer, at its discretion, may utilize the services of third parties, Affiliates, and
agents (Agents) to provide any Asset Review under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Asset Representations Reviewer has entered into confidentiality agreements with such Agents (or such Agents are otherwise bound by

7 

confidentiality obligations) the provisions of which are no less protective than those set forth in this Agreement. Any such Agent must be approved by Servicer prior to engaging in any Asset
Review under this Agreement. The Asset Representations Reviewer shall be responsible to Servicer for the Asset Reviews provided by its Agents to the same extent as if provided by the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement. Servicer
agrees to look solely to the Asset Representations Reviewer and not to any Agent for satisfaction of any claims the Servicer may have arising out of this Agreement or due to the performance or non-performance
of services. 

(d) Changes to Personnel. It will promptly notify Servicer in the event that it undergoes significant management or
staffing changes which would negatively impact its ability to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. 

(e) Maintenance of Asset
Review Materials. It will maintain copies of any Asset Review Materials, Asset Review Reports and other documents relating to an Asset Review, including internal correspondence and work papers, for a period of two (2) years after the
termination of this Agreement. 

Section 4.3. Fees and Expenses. 

(a) Annual Fee. The Issuer will, or will cause the Servicer to, pay the Asset Representations Reviewer, as compensation for agreeing to
act as the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement, an annual fee in the amount of $5,000. The annual fee will be paid on the Closing Date and on each anniversary of the Closing Date until this Agreement is terminated, payable pursuant
to the priority of payments in Section 5.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture, as applicable. 

(b) Asset Review Fee. Following the completion of an Asset Review and the delivery to the Trustee of the Asset Review Report, or the
termination of an Asset Review according to Section 3.4(e), and the delivery to the Servicer of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be entitled to a fee of up to $250 for each Asset Review Receivable for which the Asset
Review was started (the Asset Review Fee). However, no Asset Review Fee will be charged for any Asset Review Receivable which was included in a prior Asset Review or for which no Tests were completed prior to the Asset
Representations Reviewer being notified of a termination of the Asset Review according to Section 3.4(e). If the detailed invoice is submitted on or before the first day of a month, the Asset Review Fee will be paid by the Issuer pursuant to
the priority of payments in Section 5.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture, as applicable, starting on or before the Distribution Date in that month. However, if an Asset Review is terminated according
to Section 3.4(e), the Asset Representations Reviewer must submit its invoice for the Asset Review Fee for the terminated Asset Review no later than five (5) Business Days before the final Distribution Date in order to be reimbursed no
later than the final Distribution Date. To the extent that such amounts were not previously paid by the Servicer or any other party, upon receipt of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall be entitled to payment by the Servicer
of incurred but otherwise unpaid Asset Review Fees. 

8 

(c) Reimbursement of Travel Expenses. If the Servicer provides access to the Asset
Review Materials at one of its properties, the Issuer will, or will cause the Servicer to, reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for its reasonable travel expenses incurred in connection with the Asset Review upon receipt of a detailed
invoice, payable pursuant to the priority of payments in Section 5.7 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture, as applicable. To the extent that such amounts were not previously paid by the Servicer or any
other party, upon receipt of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall be entitled to payment by the Servicer of incurred but otherwise unpaid travel expenses. 

(d) Dispute Resolution Expenses. If the Asset Representations Reviewer participates in a dispute resolution proceeding under
Section 3.7 and the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses it incurs in participating in the proceeding are not paid by a party to the dispute resolution within ninety
(90) days of the end of the proceeding, the Issuer will reimburse the Asset Representations Reviewer for such expenses upon receipt of a detailed invoice, payable pursuant to the priority of payments in Section 5.7 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement or Section 5.6(a) of the Indenture, as applicable. To the extent that such amounts were not previously paid by the Servicer or any other party, upon receipt of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer shall be
entitled to payment by the Servicer of incurred but otherwise unpaid expenses. 

Section 4.4. Limitation on Liability. The
Asset Representations Reviewer will not be liable to any Person for (i) any action taken, or not taken, in good faith under this Agreement, (ii) for errors in judgment or (iii) for any errors contained in the Asset Review Materials.
However, the Asset Representations Reviewer will be liable for its willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence in performing its obligations under this Agreement. In no event shall either party be liable to the other party for any incidental,
special, indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages. 

Section 4.5. Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification by Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will indemnify each of the Issuer, the Seller,
the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee (both in its individual capacity and in its capacity as Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders) and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents for all costs,
expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from (i) the willful misconduct, fraud, bad faith or negligence of the Asset Representations Reviewer in performing its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) the Asset Representations
Reviewers breach of any of its representations or warranties or other obligations under this Agreement; (iii) its breach of confidentiality obligations or (iv) any third-party intellectual property claim. The Asset Representations
Reviewers obligations under this Section 4.5 will survive the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Issuer and the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer. 

(b) Indemnification of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Issuer will, or will cause the Servicer to, indemnify the Asset
Representations Reviewer and its officers, directors, employees and agents, for all costs, expenses, losses, damages and liabilities resulting from the performance of its obligations under this Agreement (including the costs and expenses of
defending itself against any loss, damage or liability), but excluding any cost, expense, loss, damage or liability resulting from (i) the Asset Representations Reviewers willful misconduct, bad faith or negligence or (ii) the Asset
Representations Reviewers breach of any of its representations or warranties in this Agreement. The Issuer acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to indemnify the Asset Representations Reviewer in accordance with this Agreement shall
survive termination of this Agreement. To the extent that such indemnities owed to the Asset Representations Reviewer were not previously paid by the Servicer or any other party, upon receipt of a detailed invoice, the Asset Representations Reviewer
shall be entitled to payment by the Servicer of such incurred but otherwise unpaid indemnities. 

9 

Section 4.6. Right to Audit. During the term of this Agreement and not more than
once per year (unless circumstances warrant additional audits as described below), Servicer may audit the Asset Representations Reviewers policies, procedures and records that relate to the performance of the Asset Representation Reviewer
under this Agreement to ensure compliance with this Agreement upon at least ten (10) Business Days notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that Servicer may conduct an audit at any time, in the event of (i) audits
required by Servicers governmental or regulatory authorities, (ii) investigations of claims of misappropriation, fraud, or business irregularities of a potentially criminal nature, or (iii) Servicer reasonably believes that an audit
is necessary to address a material operational problem or issue that poses a threat to Servicers business. 

Section 4.7.
Delegation of Obligations. Subject to the terms of Section 4.2(c) of this Agreement, the Asset Representations Reviewer may not delegate or subcontract its obligations under this Agreement to any Person without the consent of the Issuer
and the Servicer. 

Section 4.8. Confidential Information. 

(a) Definitions. 

(i) In performing its obligations pursuant to this Agreement, the parties may have access to and receive disclosure of certain
confidential information about or belonging to the other, including but not limited to marketing philosophy, strategies (including tax mitigation strategies), techniques, and objectives; advertising and promotional copy; competitive advantages and
disadvantages; financial results; technological developments; loan evaluation programs; customer lists; account information, profiles, demographics and Non-Public Personal Information (defined below); credit
scoring criteria, formulas and programs; research and development efforts; any investor, financial, commercial, technical or scientific information (including, but not limited to, patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names and
dress, and applications relating to same, trade secrets, software, code, inventions, know-how and similar information) and any and all other business information (hereinafter Confidential
Information). 

(ii) Non-Public Personal Information shall
include all Personally Identifiable Financial Information (defined below) in any list, description or other grouping of consumers/customers, and publicly available information pertaining to them, that is derived using any Personally Identifiable
Financial Information that is not publicly available, and shall further include all Non-Public Personal Information as defined by federal regulations implementing the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as amended from
time to time, and any State statutes or regulations governing this Agreement. 

10 

(iii) Personally Identifiable Financial Information means any
information a consumer provides to a party in order to obtain a financial product or service, any information a party otherwise obtains about a consumer in connection with providing a financial product or service to that consumer, and any
information about a consumer resulting from any transaction involving a financial product or service between a party and a consumer. Personally Identifiable Financial Information may include, without limitation, a consumers first and last
name, physical address, zip code, e-mail address, phone number, Social Security number, birth date, account number and any information that identifies, or when tied to the above information may identify, a
consumer.

(b) Use of Confidential Information. The parties agree that during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, Confidential
Information is to be used solely in connection with satisfying their obligations pursuant to this Agreement, and that a party shall neither disclose Confidential Information to any third party, nor use Confidential Information for its own benefit,
except as may be necessary to perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement or as expressly authorized in writing by the other party, as the case may be. 

Neither party shall disclose any Confidential Information to any other persons or entities, except on a need to know basis and
then only: (i) to their own employees and Agents (as defined below); (ii) to their own accountants and legal representatives, provided that any such representatives shall be subject to subsection (d) below; (iii) to their own Affiliates,
provided that such Affiliates shall be restricted in use and redisclosure of the Confidential Information to the same extent as the parties hereto. Agents, for purposes of this Section, mean each of the parties advisors,
directors, officers, employees, contractors, consultants affiliated entities (i.e., an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with a party), or other agents. If and to the extent any Agent of the recipient receives Confidential
Information, such recipient party shall be responsible for such Agents full compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and shall be liable for any such Agents non-compliance.

(c) Compelled Disclosure. If a subpoena or other legal process seeking Confidential Information is served upon either party, such party
will, to the extent not prohibited by law, rule or order, notify the other immediately and, to the maximum extent practicable prior to disclosure of any Confidential Information, will, at the others request and reasonable expense, cooperate in
any lawful effort to contest the legal validity of such subpoena or other legal process. The restrictions set forth herein shall apply during the term and after the termination of this Agreement. All Confidential Information furnished to
the Asset Representations Reviewer or Servicer, as the case may be, or to which the Asset Representations Reviewer or Servicer gains access in connection with this Agreement, is the respective exclusive property of the disclosing party.

(d) Use by Agents, Employees, Subcontractors. The parties shall take reasonable measures to prevent its Agents, employees and
subcontractors from using or disclosing any Confidential Information, except as may be necessary for each party to perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. Such measures shall include, but not be limited to, (i) education of
such Agents, employees and subcontractors as to the confidential nature of the Confidential Information; and (ii) securing a written acknowledgment and agreement from such Agents, employees and subcontractors that the Confidential Information
shall be handled only in accordance with provisions no less restrictive than those contained in this Agreement. This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.

11 

(e) Remedies. The parties agree and acknowledge that in order to prevent the
unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information, it may be necessary for a party to seek injunctive or other equitable relief, and that money damages may not constitute adequate relief, standing alone, in the event of actual or threatened
disclosure of Confidential Information. In addition, the harmed party shall be entitled to all other remedies available at law or equity including injunctive relief. 

(f) Exceptions. Confidential Information shall not include, and this Agreement imposes no obligations with respect to, information that:

(i) is or becomes part of the public domain other than by disclosure by a party or its Agents in violation of this
Agreement; 

(ii) was disclosed to a party prior to the effective date without a duty of confidentiality; 

(iii) is independently developed by a party outside of this Agreement and without reference to or reliance on any Confidential
Information of the other party; or 

(iv) was obtained from a third party not known after reasonable inquiry to be under a
duty of confidentiality. 

The foregoing exceptions shall not apply to any Non-Public Personal
Information or Personally Identifiable Financial Information, which shall remain confidential in all circumstances, except as required or permitted to be disclosed by applicable law, statute, or regulation. 

(g) Return of Confidential Information. Subject to Section 4.2(e) of this Agreement, upon the request of a party, the other party
shall return all Confidential Information to the other; provided, however, (i) each party shall be permitted to retain copies of the other partys Confidential Information solely for archival, audit, disaster recovery, legal and/or
regulatory purposes, and (ii) neither party will be required to search archived electronic back-up files of its computer systems for the other partys Confidential Information in order to purge the
other partys Confidential Information from its archived files; provided further, that any Confidential Information so retained will (x) remain subject to the obligations and restrictions contained in this Agreement, (y) will be
maintained in accordance with the retaining partys document retention policies and procedures, and (z) the retaining party will not use the retained Confidential Information for any other purpose. 

Section 4.9. Security and Safeguarding Information.

(a) Confidential Information that contains Non-Public Personal Information about customers is subject
to the protections created by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (the Act) and under the standards for safeguarding Confidential Information, 16 CFR Part 314 (2002) adopted by Federal Trade Commission (the FTC)
(the Safeguards Rule). Additionally, State specific laws may regulate how certain confidential or personal information is safeguarded. The parties agree with respect to the Non-Public
Personal Information to take all appropriate measures in accordance with the Act, and any State specific laws, as are necessary to protect the security of the Non-Public Personal Information and to
specifically assure there is no disclosure of the Non-Public Personal Information other than as authorized under the Act, and any State specific laws, and this Agreement. 

12 

With respect to Confidential Information, including
Non-Public Personal Information and Personally Identifiable Financial Information as applicable, each of the parties agrees that: 

(i) It will use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard and protect the confidentiality of any Confidential Information
and agrees, warrants, and represents that it has or will implement and maintain appropriate safeguards designed to safeguard and protect the confidentiality of any Confidential Information. 

(ii) It will not disclose or use Confidential Information provided except for the purposes as set in the Agreement, including
as permitted under the Act and its implementing regulations, or other applicable law. 

(iii) It acknowledges that the
providing party is required by the Safeguards Rule to take reasonable steps to assure itself that its service providers maintain sufficient procedures to detect and respond to security breaches, and maintain reasonable procedures to discover and
respond to widely-known security failures by its service providers. It agrees to furnish to the providing party that appropriate documentation to provide such assurance. 

(iv) It understands that the FTC may, from time to time, issue amendments to and interpretations of its regulations
implementing the provisions of the Act, and that pursuant to its regulations, either or both of the parties hereto may be required to modify their policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, protection, and/or dissemination of Non-Public Personal Information. Additionally, States may issue amendments to and interpretations of existing regulations, or may issue new regulations, which both of the parties hereto may be required to
modify their policies and procedures. To the extent such regulations are so amended or interpreted, each party hereto agrees to use reasonable efforts to adjust the Agreement in order to comply with any such new requirements. 

(v) By the signing of this Agreement, each party certifies that it has a written, comprehensive information security program
that is in compliance with federal and State laws that are applicable to its respective organization and the types of Confidential Information it receives. 

(b) The Asset Representations Reviewer represents and warrants that it has, and will continue to have, adequate administrative, technical, and
physical safeguards designed to (i) protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of Non-Public Personal Information, (ii) ensure against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or
integrity of Non-Public Personal Information, (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of Non-Public Personal Information and (iv) otherwise comply
with its obligations under this Agreement. These safeguards include a written data security plan, employee training, information access controls, restricted disclosures, systems protections (e.g., intrusion protection, data storage protection and
data transmission protection) and physical security measures. 

13 

(c) The Asset Representations Reviewer will promptly notify the Servicer in the event it
becomes aware of any unauthorized or suspected acquisition of data or Confidential Information that compromises the security, confidentiality or integrity of Servicers Confidential Information, whether internal or external. The disclosure
will include the date and time of the breach along with specific information compromised along with the monitoring logs, to the extent then known. The Asset Representations Reviewer will use commercially reasonable efforts to take remedial action to
resolve such breach. 

(d) The Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with and provide information to the Issuer and the Servicer
regarding the Asset Representations Reviewers compliance with this Section 4.9. 

ARTICLE V 

RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL 

Section 5.1. Resignation and Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer. 

(a) Resignation of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer may not resign as Asset Representations Reviewer,
except: 

(i) upon determination that (A) the performance of its obligations under this Agreement is no longer
permitted under applicable law and (B) there is no reasonable action that it could take to make the performance of its obligations under this Agreement permitted under applicable law; or 

(ii) with the consent of the Issuer. 

The Asset Representations Reviewer will give the Issuer and the Servicer sixty (60) days prior notice of its resignation. Any
determination permitting the resignation of the Asset Representations Reviewer under subsection (i) above must be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel delivered to the Issuer, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the
Trustee. No resignation of the Asset Representations Reviewer will become effective until a successor Asset Representations Reviewer is in place. 

(b) Removal of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Issuer may remove the Asset Representations Reviewer and terminate all of its rights
and obligations (other than as provided in Section 4.5) under this Agreement (i) if the Asset Representations Reviewer ceases to be an Eligible Asset Representations Reviewer, (ii) on a breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or obligations of the Asset Representations Reviewer contained in this Agreement and (iii) on the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Asset Representations Reviewer, by notifying the Asset Representations
Reviewer, the Trustee and the Servicer of the removal. 

(c) Effectiveness of Resignation or Removal. No resignation or removal of
the Asset Representations Reviewer will become effective until a successor Asset Representations Reviewer is in place. The predecessor Asset Representations Reviewer will continue to perform its obligations under this Agreement until a successor
Asset Representations Reviewer is in place. 

14 

Section 5.2. Engagement of Successor. 

(a) Successor Asset Representations Reviewer. Following the resignation or removal of the Asset Representations Reviewer under
Section 5.1, the Issuer will engage as the successor Asset Representations Reviewer a Person that is an Eligible Asset Representations Reviewer. The successor Asset Representations Reviewer will accept its engagement or appointment by executing
and delivering to the Issuer and the Servicer an agreement to assume the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement or entering into a new Asset Representations Review Agreement with the Issuer that is on substantially
the same terms as this Agreement. 

(b) Transition and Expenses. The predecessor Asset Representations Reviewer will cooperate with
the successor Asset Representations Reviewer engaged by the Issuer in effecting the transition of the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations and rights under this Agreement. The predecessor Asset Representations Reviewer will pay the
reasonable expenses of the successor Asset Representations Reviewer in transitioning the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement and preparing the successor Asset Representations Reviewer to take on the obligations on
receipt of an invoice with reasonable detail of the expenses from the successor Asset Representations Reviewer. 

Section 5.3.
Merger, Consolidation or Succession. Any Person (a) into which the Asset Representations Reviewer is merged or consolidated, (b) resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Asset Representations Reviewer is a party,
(c) which acquires substantially all of the assets of the Asset Representations Reviewer, or (d) succeeding to the business of the Asset Representations Reviewer, which Person is an Eligible Asset Representations Reviewer, will be the
successor to the Asset Representations Reviewer under this Agreement. Such Person will execute and deliver to the Issuer and the Servicer an agreement to assume the Asset Representations Reviewers obligations under this Agreement (unless the
assumption happens by operation of law). No such transaction will be deemed to release the Asset Representations Reviewer from its obligations under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE VI 

OTHER AGREEMENTS 

Section 6.1. Independence of Asset Representations Reviewer. The Asset Representations Reviewer will be an independent
contractor and will not be subject to the supervision of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or the Owner Trustee for the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Unless expressly
authorized by the Issuer, and, with respect to the Owner Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Asset Representations Reviewer will have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or the Owner Trustee and will
not be considered an Agent of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or the Owner Trustee. Nothing in this Agreement will make the Asset Representations Reviewer and any of the Issuer, the Trust Collateral Agent, the Trustee or the
Owner Trustee members of any partnership, joint venture or other separate entity or impose any liability as such on any of them. 

15 

Section 6.2. No Petition. Each of the Servicer and the Asset Representations
Reviewer, by entering into this Agreement, and the Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement, agrees that, before the date that is one (1) year and one (1) day (or, if longer,
any applicable preference period) after payment in full of (a) all securities issued by the Seller or by a trust for which the Seller was a Seller or (b) the Notes, it will not start or pursue against, or join any other Person in starting
or pursuing against, the Seller or the Issuer any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law. This Section 6.2 will survive the termination of this
Agreement. 

Section 6.3. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee. It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto
that (i) this Agreement is executed and delivered by Wilmington Trust Company, not individually or personally but solely as Owner Trustee of the Issuer, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of
the representations, covenants, undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Issuer is made and intended not as personal representations, covenants, undertakings and agreements by Wilmington Trust Company but is made and intended for
the purpose of binding only the Issuer, (iii) nothing herein contained shall be construed as creating any liability on Wilmington Trust Company, individually or personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied contained herein,
all such liability, if any, being expressly waived by the parties hereto and by any Person claiming by, through or under the parties hereto, (iv) Wilmington Trust Company has not verified or made any investigation as to the accuracy or
completeness of any representations or warranties made by the Issuer in this Agreement and (v) under no circumstances shall Wilmington Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Issuer or be liable
for the breach or failure of any obligation, duty (including fiduciary duty, if any), representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Issuer under this Agreement or any other related documents. 

Section 6.4. Termination of Agreement. This Agreement will terminate, except for the obligations under Section 4.5, on the
earlier of (a) the payment in full of all Outstanding Notes and the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and (b) the termination of the Issuer. 

ARTICLE VII 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS 

Section 7.1. Amendments. 

(a) The parties may amend this Agreement: 

(i) without the consent of the Noteholders, to clarify an ambiguity or to correct or supplement any term of this Agreement that
may be defective or inconsistent with the other terms of this Agreement or to provide for, or facilitate the acceptance of this Agreement by, a successor Asset Representations Reviewer; 

(ii) without the consent of the Noteholders, if the Servicer delivers an Officers Certificate to the Issuer, the Owner
Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee stating that the amendment will not have a material adverse effect on the Notes; or 

(iii) with the consent of the Noteholders of a majority of the Note Balance of each Class of Notes materially and
adversely affected by the amendment (with each affected Class voting separately, except that all Noteholders of Class A Notes will vote together as a single class). 

16 

(b) Notice of Amendments. The Servicer will give prior notice of any amendment to the
Rating Agencies. Promptly after the execution of an amendment, the Servicer will deliver a copy of the amendment to the Rating Agencies. 

Section 7.2. Assignment; Benefit of Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

(a) Assignment. Except as stated in Section 5.3, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Asset Representations Reviewer without
the consent of the Issuer and the Servicer. 

(b) Benefit of the Agreement; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the
benefit of and will be binding on the parties to this Agreement and their permitted successors and assigns. The Owner Trustee, the Trust Collateral Agent and the Trustee (both in its individual capacity and in its capacity as Trustee for the benefit
of the Noteholders), will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement entitled to enforce this Agreement against the Asset Representations Reviewer and the Servicer. No other Person will have any right or obligation under this Agreement. 

Section 7.3. Notices. 

(a) Delivery of Notices. All notices, requests, demands, consents, waivers or other communications to or from the parties to this
Agreement must be in writing and will be considered given: 

(i) on delivery or, for a letter mailed by registered
first-class mail, postage prepaid, three (3) days after deposit in the mail; 

(ii) for a fax, when receipt is
confirmed by telephone, reply email or reply fax from the recipient; 

(iii) for an email, when receipt is confirmed by
telephone or reply email from the recipient; and 

(iv) for an electronic posting to a password-protected website to which
the recipient has access, on delivery (without the requirement of confirmation of receipt) of an email to that recipient stating that the electronic posting has occurred. 

(b) Notice Addresses. Any notice, request, demand, consent, waiver or other communication will be delivered or addressed as stated in
Section 12.3(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or at another address as a party may designate by notice to the other parties. 

Section 7.4. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE, GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 

17 

Section 7.5. Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits for itself and, as applicable, its property, in any legal action relating to this Agreement,
the Basic Documents or any other documents executed and delivered in connection herewith, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the nonexclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the
courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof; 

(b) consents that any
such action may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of such action in any such court or that such action was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same;
and 

(c) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the Basic Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 7.6. No Waiver; Remedies. No
partys failure or delay in exercising any power, right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a waiver. No single or partial exercise of any power, right or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of the power, right or
remedy or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The powers, rights and remedies under this Agreement are in addition to any powers, rights and remedies under law. 

Section 7.7. Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section 7.8. Headings. The headings of the various Articles and
Sections herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 7.9. Counterparts and Consent to Do Business Electronically. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in multiple
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but together they shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and .pdf signatures shall be deemed valid and binding to the same extent as the original and the parties
affirmatively consent to the use thereof, with no such consent having been withdrawn. Each party agrees that this Agreement and any documents to be delivered in connection with this Agreement may be executed by means of an electronic signature that
complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, State enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, in each case to the extent applicable. Any
electronic signatures appearing on this Agreement and such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability, and admissibility. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and
shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the day and the year first above written. 

GM FINANCIAL CONSUMER AUTOMOBILE RECEIVABLES TRUST 2025-1

By: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust.

By: 

Name:

Title:

AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

d/b/a GM Financial, as Servicer

By: 

Name:

Title:

CLAYTON FIXED INCOME SERVICES LLC,

as Asset Representations Reviewer

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Asset Representations Review Agreement] 

Schedule A 

Representations and Warranties and Procedures to be Performed 

Representation 

1.
Characteristics of Receivables. Each Receivable (A) was originated (i) by GM Financial or (ii) by a Dealer and purchased by GM Financial from such Dealer under an existing Dealer Agreement or pursuant to a Dealer Assignment
with GM Financial and was validly assigned by such Dealer to GM Financial pursuant to a Dealer Assignment, (B) was originated by GM Financial or such Dealer for the retail sale of a Financed Vehicle in the ordinary course of GM Financials
or the Dealers business, in each case (i) was originated in accordance with GM Financials credit policies and (ii) was fully and properly executed by the parties thereto, and (iii) GM Financial and, to the best of the
Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, each Dealer had all necessary licenses and permits to originate Receivables in the State where GM Financial or each such Dealer was located, (C) contains customary and enforceable provisions such
as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for realization against the collateral security, and (D) has not been amended or collections with respect to which waived, other than as evidenced in the Receivable File or the
Servicers electronic records relating thereto. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

GM Financials Policies 

Data Tape 

Dealer Agreement 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Origination Entity of Each Receivable 

i. 

Confirm that the Contract is a retail installment sale contract or promissory note relating to the sale of a
motor vehicle. 

ii. 

Review the Contract and verify it was originated by GM Financial or, 

iii. 

Verify that the Receivable was originated by a Dealer and purchased by GM Financial. 

iv. 

If the Contract was originated by a Dealer, verify the Receivable File contains a valid Dealer Agreement
between the Dealer and GM Financial. 

B. 

Receivable originated for Retail Sale of a Financed Vehicle 

i. 

Review the Contract and verify GM Financials credit policies were followed. 

ii. 

Observe the Contract and confirm it was executed by the buyer, co-buyer
(if applicable) and the Dealer. 

Schedule A -1 

iii. 

If the Contract was originated by GM Financial, review the Receivable File and confirm GM Financial had all
necessary licenses and permits as required by the State in which it was originated. 

iv. 

If the Contract was originated by a Dealer, confirm the Dealer Agreement contains language confirming the
Dealer was required to have all necessary licenses and permits and there was no evidence of the contrary. 

C. 

Contract contains customary and enforceable provisions 

i. 

Review the Contract and verify it contains clauses to render the rights and remedies of the holder adequate for
realization against the collateral. 

D. 

Original Receivable Contract intact 

i. 

Review the Receivable File and Servicers system for any indication of amendments to the Receivable.

ii. 

If an amendment is reported, confirm the terms in the Contract match the data tape. 

E. 

If steps A through D are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -2 

Representation 

2. Compliance with Law. All requirements of applicable federal, State and local laws, and regulations thereunder (including, without
limitation, usury laws, the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the
Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Boards Regulations B and Z (including amendments to the Federal Reserves Official Staff Commentary to Regulation Z, effective
October 1, 1998, concerning negative equity loans), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, each applicable State Motor Vehicle Retail Installment Sales Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
and State adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws) in respect of the Receivables and the Financed Vehicles, have been complied
with in all material respects. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Sale Contract 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm the following sections are present on the contract and filled out: 

i. 

Name and address of Creditor 

ii. 

APR 

iii. 

Finance Charge 

iv. 

Amount Financed 

v. 

Total of Payments 

vi. 

Total Sale Price 

B. 

Confirm a Payment Schedule is present and complete. 

C. 

Confirm there is an itemization of the Amount Financed. 

D. 

Confirm the following disclosures are included in the contract: 

i. 

Prepayment disclosure 

ii. 

Late Payment Policy including the late charge amount or calculation 

iii. 

Security Interest disclosure 

iv. 

Contract Reference 

v. 

Insurance Requirements 

E. 

If steps A through D are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -3 

Representation 

3. Binding Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine, legal, valid and binding payment obligation of the Obligor thereon,
enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except (A) as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable
limitations on the availability of specific remedies, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law and (B) as such Receivable may be modified by the application after the Cutoff Date of the
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, as amended; and, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, all parties to each Receivable had full legal capacity to execute and deliver such Receivable and all other documents related
thereto and to grant the security interest purported to be granted thereby. 

Documents 

Retail Sale Contract 

Procedures to be Performed

A. 

Observe the Contract and confirm it was signed by the Obligor. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -4 

Representation 

4. Schedule of Receivables. The information set forth in the Schedule of Receivables has been produced from the Electronic Ledger and
was true and correct in all material respects as of the close of business on the Cutoff Date. 

Documents 

Data Tape 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm the Account Number in the data tape matches the Account Number listed in the Schedule of Receivables.

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -5 

Representation 

5. Marking Records. Each of GM Financial and the Seller agree that the Receivables have been sold to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and
Servicing Agreement and Granted to the Trust Collateral Agent pursuant to the Indenture. Further, GM Financial has indicated in its computer files that the Receivables are owned by the Trust. 

Documents 

Transaction Documents 

System Reports 

Procedures 

to be Performed 

A. 

Verified through the transaction documents and Schedule of Receivables. 

B. 

Verify GM Financial indicates within its computer files that the Receivable is owned by the Trust.

C. 

If steps A and B are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -6 

Representation 

6. Chattel Paper. The Receivables constitute tangible chattel paper or electronic chattel paper within the
meaning of the UCC. 

Documents 

Receivable
File 

Imaging System Access 

Procedures 

to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm there is a signature under the appropriate buyer, co-buyer and
seller signature lines on the contract. 

B. 

Confirm the contract reports an amount financed greater than zero. 

C. 

Confirm there is documentation of a lien against the title of a vehicle. 

D. 

If steps A through C are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -7 

Representation 

7. One Original. There is only one (1) original executed copy (or with respect to electronic chattel paper, one
(1) authoritative copy) of each Contract. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, each authoritative copy (a) is unique, identifiable and unalterable (other than with the participation of the Trust
Collateral Agent in the case of an addition or amendment of an identified assignee and other than a revision that is readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision), (b) has been marked with a legend to the following effect:
Authoritative Copy and (c) has been communicated to and is maintained by or on behalf of the Custodian. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

E-Vault

Procedures 

to be Performed 

A. 

There is one (1) original executed copy of the Contract or, 

i. 

Ensure that all parties have signed the contract. 

B. 

There is only one (1) authoritative copy of the Receivable with respect to electronic chattel
paper; 

i. 

Review the authoritative copy of the contract for the Receivable. Verify it is unique, identifiable, and
unalterable. 

ii. 

Ensure the authoritative copy has been executed by all parties. 

iii. 

Ensure in the contract has been marked as an Authoritative Copy. 

C. 

Ensure the copy has been executed by all parties to GM Financial. 

D. 

If steps A through C are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -8 

Representation 

8. Not an Authoritative Copy. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the Servicer has marked all
copies of each such Contract other than an authoritative copy with a legend to the following effect: This is not an authoritative copy.

Documents 

E-Vault

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm if there is a single authoritative copy; 

i. 

Identify any and all contracts other than the single authoritative copy. 

ii. 

Confirm all non-authoritative electronic chattel paper copies are
appropriately marked. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -9 

Representation 

9. Revisions. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the related Receivables have been established in
a manner such that (a) all copies or revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative copy of each such Contract must be made with the participation of the Trust Collateral Agent and (b) all revisions of the
authoritative copy of each such Contract are readily identifiable as an authorized or unauthorized revision. 

Documents 

E-Vault

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Review electronic chattel paper, confirm that related Receivables have been established in the following
manner: 

i. 

All copies of revisions that add or change an identified assignee of the authoritative copy of the Contract
contain the signature and/or approval of the Trust Collateral Agent. 

ii. 

All revisions of the authoritative copy are identifiable as authorized or unauthorized. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -10 

Representation 

10. Pledge or Assignment. With respect to Contracts that are electronic chattel paper, the authoritative copy of each
Contract communicated to the Custodian has no marks or notations indicating that it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Trust Collateral Agent. 

Documents 

E-Vault

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Review the authoritative copy of the Contract; 

i. 

Confirm there is no indication that the Receivable has been pledged, assigned or conveyed to any other Party
other than the Trust Collateral Agent. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -11 

Representation 

11. Receivable Files Complete. There exists a Receivable File pertaining to each Receivable. Related documentation concerning the
Receivable, including any documentation regarding modifications of the Contract, will be maintained electronically by the Servicer in accordance with customary policies and procedures. With respect to any Receivables that are tangible chattel
paper, the complete Receivable File for each Receivable currently is in the possession of the Custodian. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Modification Agreements (if applicable) 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm the Receivable File is Completed; 

i. 

Review Receivable and confirm that there is a corresponding Receivable File. 

ii. 

Verify all related documents concerning the Receivable are maintained electronically by the Servicer.

iii. 

If any Receivables are tangible chattel paper, confirm the Custodian has the complete Receivable
File for each Receivable. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -12 

Representation 

12. Receivables in Force. No Receivable has been satisfied, or, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge,
subordinated or rescinded, and the Financed Vehicle securing each such Receivable has not been released from the lien of the related Receivable in whole or in part. No terms of any Receivable have been waived, altered or modified in any respect
since its origination, except by instruments or documents identified in the Receivable File or the Servicers electronic records. 

Documents

Receivable File 

Assignment 

Data Tape 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm the Receivable has not been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded; 

i. 

Review Receivable file and confirm there is no indication the Receivable was subordinated or rescinded.

ii. 

Confirm there is no indication the Receivable was satisfied prior to the Cutoff Date. 

B. 

Confirm there is no evidence the Financed Vehicle has been released from the lien in whole or in part.

C. 

Confirm there is no indication the terms of the Receivable have been waived, altered or modified since
origination, except by instruments or documents identified in the Receivable File or the Servicers electronic records. 

D. 

If steps A through C are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -13 

Representation 

13. Good Title. Immediately prior to the conveyance of the Receivables to the Trust pursuant to this Agreement, the Seller was the sole
owner thereof and had good and indefeasible title thereto, free of any Lien and, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller, the Trust shall have good and indefeasible title to and will be the sole owner of such Receivables, free of
any Lien. The Seller has not taken any action to convey any right to any Person that would result in such Person having a right to payments received under the related Insurance Policies or the related Dealer Agreements or Dealer Assignments or to
payments due under such Receivables. No Dealer has a participation in, or other right to receive, proceeds of any Receivable. 

Documents

Receivable File 

Dealer Agreement 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Review the Receivable; 

i. 

Confirm the receivable had no lien or claim filed for additional work, labor, or materials. Also, confirm there
is no tax lien for this Receivable. 

ii. 

Confirm that the title documents list AFSI or DBA GM Financial as the sole lien holder and that no other lien
holder is listed and has not been sold, assigned, or transferred to any other entity. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -14 

Representation 

14. Security Interest in Financed Vehicle. Each Receivable created or shall create a valid, binding and enforceable first priority
security interest in favor of GM Financial in the Financed Vehicle. The Lien Certificate for each Financed Vehicle shows, or GM Financial has commenced procedures that will result in such Lien Certificate which will show, GM Financial named (which
may be accomplished by the use of a properly registered DBA name in the applicable jurisdiction) as the original secured party under each Receivable as the holder of a first priority security interest in such Financed Vehicle. Immediately after the
sale, transfer and assignment by the Seller to the Trust, each Receivable will be secured by an enforceable and perfected first priority security interest in the Financed Vehicle, which security interest is prior to all other Liens upon and security
interests in such Financed Vehicle which now exist or may hereafter arise or be created (except, as to priority, for any lien for taxes, labor or materials affecting a Financed Vehicle). To the best of the Sellers and the Servicers
knowledge, as of the Cutoff Date, there were no Liens or claims for taxes, work, labor or materials affecting a Financed Vehicle which are or may be Liens prior or equal to the Liens of the related Receivable. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm first priority for GM Financial; 

i. 

Verify that the Receivable has an existing first priority security interest in favor of GM Financial or
properly registered DBA. 

ii. 

Verify the lien certificate shows or that GM Financial has commenced procedures (which may include an
application of title, a dealer guaranty or other standard documentation or practices in effect at the time of origination) that will result in such Lien Certificate which will show GM Financial or a registered DBA as the original secured party under
the Receivable. 

B. 

Confirm first priority security interest directly after sale, transfer or assignment; 

i. 

Verify the Receivable has been secured by a security interest in the Financed Vehicle. 

ii. 

Verify the security interest exists prior to all other Liens and security interests in the Financed Vehicle
which already exist or could exist later. 

iii. 

As of the Cutoff Date, verify that no other Liens or Claims exist affecting the Financed Vehicle that are or
may be prior or equal to the Liens of the Receivable. 

C. 

If steps A and B are confirmed, then Test Passes. 

Schedule A -15 

Representation 

15. Receivable Not Assumable. No Receivable is assumable by another Person in a manner which would release the Obligor thereof from such
Obligors obligations to the owner thereof with respect to such Receivable. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm the Receivable is NOT assumable by any Person in a manner that would release the Obligor from their
financial obligation to GM Financial; 

i. 

Review the Contract for language indicating the Receivable is not assumable. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -16 

Representation 

16. No Defenses. No Receivable is subject to any right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense, including the defense of usury,
and the operation of any of the terms of any Receivable, or the exercise of any right thereunder, will not render such Receivable unenforceable in whole or in part and no such right has been asserted or threatened with respect to any Receivable.

Documents 

Receivable File 

Dealer Agreement 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm the Receivable files and documents do NOT have any indication that it is subject to rescission, setoff,
counterclaim, or defense that could cause the Receivable to become invalid. 

i. 

Confirm there is no indication of litigation or attorney involvement in the Receivable file or servicing
system. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, Test Pass. 

Schedule A -17 

Representation 

17. No Default. There has been no default, breach, or, to the knowledge of the Seller and Servicer, violation or event permitting
acceleration under the terms of any Receivable (other than payment delinquencies of not more than thirty (30) days), and, to the best of the Sellers and the Servicers knowledge, no condition exists or event has occurred and is
continuing that with notice, the lapse of time or both would constitute a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of any Receivable, and there has been no waiver of any of the foregoing. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Data Tape 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm that no default status existed or was pending on the Receivable as of the Cutoff Date;

i. 

Verify the loan did not have a default, breach, violation or event permitting acceleration under the terms of
the Receivable. 

ii. 

Verify that no conditions existed that would permit acceleration of notice that was provided.

iii. 

If a condition did exist as specified in part ii, verify that the Receivable had a waiver preventing
acceleration from one of the aforementioned reasons. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -18 

Representation 

18. Insurance. At the time of an origination of a Receivable by GM Financial or a Dealer, each Financed Vehicle is required to be
covered by a comprehensive and collision insurance policy. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Agreement to Provide Insurance 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Verify the Contract or the Agreement to Provide Insurance requires the Receivable to be covered by a
comprehensive and collision insurance policy at the time of origination. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -19 

Representation 

19. Fixed Payments, Simple Interest. Each Receivable provides for fixed level monthly payments (provided that the first and last
payments may be minimally different from the level payment amount) that fully amortize the Amount Financed over the original term, and amortizes using the Simple Interest Method. 

Documents 

Receivable File 

Retail Installment Contract 

Procedures to be Performed

A. 

Observe the Contract and confirm it is a Simple Interest Method Contract. 

B. 

Review the Contract and confirm it reflects a level monthly payment except for the first and final payment, if
any. Sum the first payment (if any), the product of the number of payments (or the number of regular payments, if there is a first or final payment) and the payment amount and the final payment (if any) and confirm that this amount is equal to the
Total of Payments in the Truth in Lending section of the Contract. 

Schedule A -20 

Representation 

20. Certain Characteristics of the Receivables. 

(A) Each Receivable had a remaining maturity, as of the Cutoff Date, of not less than three (3) months and not more than
eighty-four (84) months. 

(B) Each Receivable had an original maturity, as of the Cutoff Date, of not less than three
(3) months and not more than eighty-four (84) months. 

(C) Each Receivable had a remaining Principal Balance, as
of the Cutoff Date, of at least $250 and not more than $150,000. 

(D) Each Receivable had an Annual Percentage Rate, as of
the Cutoff Date, of not more than 20%. 

(E) No Receivable was more than thirty (30) days past due as of the Cutoff
Date. 

(F) Each Receivable arose under a Contract that is governed by the laws of the United States or any State thereof.

(G) Each Obligor had a billing address in the United States or a United States territory as of the date of origination of
the related Receivable. 

(H) Each Receivable is denominated in, and each Contract provides for payment in, United States
dollars. 

(I) Each Receivable arose under a Contract that is assignable without the consent of, or notice to, the Obligor
thereunder, and does not contain a confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the ability of the Servicer to exercise its rights under the Sale and Servicing Agreement, including, without limitation, its right to review the Contract. Each
Receivable prohibits the sale or transfer of the Financed Vehicle without the consent of the Servicer. 

(J) Each Receivable
arose under a Contract with respect to which GM Financial has performed all obligations required to be performed by it thereunder. 

(K) No automobile related to a Receivable was held in repossession inventory as of the Cutoff Date. 

(L) The Servicers records do not indicate that any Obligor was in bankruptcy as of the Cutoff Date. 

(M) No Obligor is the United States of America or any State or any agency, department, subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

Schedule A -21 

Documents 

Data Tape 

Receivable File 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Review the data tape and confirm that the remaining maturity date is more than or equal to three
(3) months but less than or equal to eighty-four (84) months from the Cutoff Date. 

B. 

Review the data tape and confirm that the original maturity date is more than or equal to three (3) months
but less than or equal to eighty-four (84) months from the Cutoff Date. 

C. 

Review the data tape and confirm that the remaining principal balance is more than or equal to $250 but less
than or equal to $150,000. 

D. 

Review the data tape and confirm that the annual percentage rate is not more than 20%. 

E. 

Review the data tape and confirm that the next payment due date was not more than thirty (30) days from
the Cutoff Date. 

F. 

Confirm the following: 

i. 

The Contract was completed on a U.S. State or territory automobile contract form. 

ii. 

An Applicable Law disclosure is present confirming the contract is governed by federal and State
law. 

iii. 

The test for Compliance with Law representation was passed. 

G. 

Review the Contract and confirm that the Obligors billing address is located within the United States or
within a United States territory. 

H. 

Review the Contract and confirm that the payment schedule details are reported in U.S. dollars.

I. 

Review the Contract and confirm that the contract is assignable without the consent or notice of the Obligor.

J. 

Confirm a Truth in Lending statement appears on the Contract. 

K. 

Review the data tape and to confirm that no automobile was held in repossession inventory as of the Cutoff
Date. 

L. 

Review the data tape and to confirm that no Obligor was involved in active bankruptcy as of the Cutoff Date.

M. 

Review the Contract and confirm that the Obligor is not reported as the United States of America or any State,
agency, department or subdivision of the government. 

N. 

If steps A through M are confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -22 

Representation 

21. Prepayment. Each Receivable allows for prepayment and partial prepayments without penalty. 

Documents 

Retail Sale Contract 

Procedures to be Performed 

A. 

Confirm there is language in the Contract that the borrower is able to pay off the Receivable before the
maturity date without being penalized. 

B. 

If step A is confirmed, then Test Pass. 

Schedule A -23
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-36.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d851789dex361.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-36.1
<TEXT>
EX-36.1

Exhibit 36.1 

Certification 

I, Sheli
Fitzgerald, certify as of January 9, 2025 that: 

1. I have reviewed the prospectus relating to the
Class A-1,Class A-2-A,Class A-2-B,Class A-3,Class A-4 and Class B Notes of GM Financial
Consumer Automobile Receivables Trust 2025-1 (the securities) and am familiar with, in all material respects, the following: The characteristics of the securitized assets underlying the offering (the securitized
assets), the structure of the securitization, and all material underlying transaction agreements as described in the prospectus; 

2. Based on my knowledge, the prospectus does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading; 

3. Based on my
knowledge, the prospectus and other information included in the registration statement of which it is a part fairly present, in all material respects, the characteristics of the securitized assets, the structure of the securitization and the risks
of ownership of the securities, including the risks relating to the securitized assets that would affect the cash flows available to service payments or distributions on the securities in accordance with their terms; and 

4. Based on my knowledge, taking into account all material aspects of the characteristics of the securitized assets, the structure of the
securitization, and the related risks as described in the prospectus, there is a reasonable basis to conclude that the securitization is structured to produce, but is not guaranteed by this certification to produce, expected cash flows at times and
in amounts to service scheduled payments of interest and the ultimate repayment of principal on the securities (or other scheduled or required distributions on the securities, however denominated) in accordance with their terms as described in the
prospectus. 

The foregoing certifications are given subject to any and all defenses available to me under the federal securities laws,
including any and all defenses available to an executive officer that signed the registration statement of which the prospectus referred to in this certification is part. 

Date: January 9, 2025. 

By: 

/s/ Sheli Fitzgerald

Name: Sheli Fitzgerald

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President of

AFS SenSub Corp.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>